Otel İsmi: Aska Bayview Resort Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Dalış', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.2
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 246
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The hotel's location and service quality were very good, and the sea was perfect. We ate both the service quality and delicious food with the money we paid. Especially, there is a service quality that does not suit a hotel belonging to a chain group such as Aska hotels. Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Among the advantages I can note the clean sea and the gentle entrance to the sea, the work of the staff in the restaurant. Yorum: Very nice hotel, sea, air and greenery, we had a great time with our family, the food, the staff and the animation team are very warm and fun, Mustafa, Kaan Merih. Yorum: Quite a small hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, delicious food available for most of the day, close to a small sandy beach. Yorum: The location is extremely perfect, the staff is very attentive and relevant, the food is diverse and delicious, it is hygienic, the beach is the most beautiful and clean I have ever seen, the rooms are old but clean and hygienic, the … 7. Also the bar staff especially ( ebru ) always have a smile on her face always bringing vibes and making the best cocktails 😊, there’s lots of things to do also very helpful in helping us find a excursion which was such a fun day!! Yorum: we rested in this hotel in June 2023, we want to thank the hotel staff, all the hotel staff for their friendliness, excellent service. On one night we had a Turkish night event and the performance, food and staff was well prepared and very well managed. All in all this hotel provides an amazing value for your money with it's clean rooms, caring staff and scheduled events for it's visitors. All staff is friendly, positivelly minded and always ready to help you out in any situation. Special thanks to following representatives of hotel's staff and our new friends: Hasan (unforgettable Turkish massage and support), two guys from reception, Firat, Tolga and Taylan (very very nice guys who entertained us, kept us fit and it was a big pleasure to get introduced with them). Also I'm thankful to all restaurant's staff for such a careful attention to all the clients of hotel (Yusuf, thank you so much for a little Turkish language course). Rooms are basic but clean, staff is mostly friendly. very rude staff especially the receptionist! Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. All the staff from kitchen side are so helpful,even if they doesnt speaks english,they work hard,⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️its impossible to dont find something to eat ,just if you came from a castle where you eat just Manchiuria roe…Sometimes people goes in holiday and pretend something else from staff of hotel,while in their house you can find lizards…Just enjoy your time ,salute the staff and say thank you,they are human like us,the visitors. Yorum: Beautiful clean newly equipped rooms, helpful staff, tasty food. Yorum: Very helpful staff ,delicious food ever,nice and clean place really, will definitely be back one day ,Thank you so much for the memorable time we had ever also really quite place to have relaxing and peace time. Yorum: Very loud, hotel unorganised, staff rude. My favorite part of the hotel is the staff, they are excellent people. The staff is friendly, but the situation at check-in spoiled the mood and impression. The reception staff immediately began to hint at giving money for a better room, although the room was booked with a sea view, and in the end I had to give $30. Bars -Thanks to the restaurant and housekeeping staff for their devoted efforts, Mr. The food is varied, you won’t go hungry) the service staff is friendly and attentive. Friendly and courteous staff, good variety of food, delicious food, good service in restaurants and bars, it was a holiday exactly above our expectations. The staff does their best in terms of entertainment, but there is no activity after 22.00 and people feel sleepy. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the sea and the beach are more beautiful than most beaches in Alanya. Yorum: We were very pleased with our first visit to the hotel, everything was very good, the location, the room cleaning, the staff were wonderfully friendly, for making us feel special and different, Night Manager Osman Bey and his wife Hacer Hanım, who made a difference by doing their jobs with love and dedication, restaurant manager Hacı Bey. We would like to thank Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and his friendly staff for their interest and concern for the guests and us. The hotel managers and all their staff are attentive and friendly. As for the staff, especially Ms. The staff in the restaurant section is as clean as a bee. In short, the hotel is a price-performance hotel, all staff are well-intentioned and hard-working, food and drink are good, management is good, entertainment and animation are really great, would we go to this hotel again after these? Definitely yes, thank you very much to the hotel management and all the staff. However, the best part of the hotel was that all the staff were friendly and helpful. Endless thanks to all Aska Bayview staff, especially Mr. Therefore, thank you for the efforts of all the staff. The attention of the staff and the cleanliness of the room were all very good. I would like to thank all the staff for being friendly. First of all, there was a permanent staff in the health room at the hotel during the daytime. The hotel staff is nice. But in a hotel, the staff cannot be bad, cannot talk loudly, cannot take shortcuts. Then I say to the old uncle that the hotel reception staff is probably the worst reception staff I have ever seen. The staff is trying to do their best. The food was delicious and I cannot ignore the friendly approach of the staff. The location is beautiful, the sea is beautiful, the only problem is the stairs, other than that, the food is plentiful, the staff is friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day, the towels are clean... It should also be noted that the staff is very friendly and the animation team is also attentive. Merih, is very caring and friendly, the staff and the reception team are also very caring and friendly. The staff at the pool and snack bar are very friendly and tolerant. The food in the restaurant section was diverse and sufficient, Chef Erdem and the serving staff were very hardworking and friendly. I would like to thank Aska bayview resort managers and staff who contributed to our holiday being a good one, especially Chef Tarık Bey, who set an example for his staff with his experience. All staff and managers always welcomed us sincerely. Yorum: When we first entered the hotel, the staff was very friendly and smiling. Hacer on the floor, Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and their staff, Animation Tolga, Mustafa, we had a special and beautiful experience due to their interest and interest. I think the hotel management is very lucky in terms of its staff. Thank you very much to the staff of Aska Baybiew hotel. All the staff are very, very caring. The food and service staff are very good. Very nice and friendly staff, especially the manager Osman and the bar staff. First of all, we would like to thank the serving staff, especially the cafeteria staff, they are like bees and are very cheerful. The hotel manager supervises the staff and immediately solves the deficiencies, the animation team is very good, we did not use their pool, I will not comment. The staff is very friendly, there is a Russian-speaking girl in the lobby, Natalia, who can always explain, advise, and help. Very hospitable and polite staff. The hotel staff are very respectful, friendly and polite. In general, we were pleased with the attention and care of all hotel staff. All the staff are very hospitable and friendly. I congratulate all the staff, especially Mr. It would be nice if most of the staff spoke at least a little English. Yorum: I WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL THE STAFF, ESPECIALLY Mr. I would like to thank all the staff for their attention. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, the staff took great care of my family. You swim with the fish in the sea👍All the staff are friendly and do their job very well. Yorum: From the hotel's senior management to all levels of staff, they are very hardworking and do their job thoroughly. Mustafa, the night manager, Süleyman at the lobby bar, İbrahim, the breakfast chef, İbrahim, the pita master, and all the hotel staff, I would like to thank each and every one of them for their smiling faces and good manners. The attention and friendliness of the staff... Yorum: This is our 2nd visit this year, we were pleased with everything, thank you for the friendly staff. It is very disappointing that the staff here understands little to no German or English!!! The staff is very friendly and smiling, which is very nice. The staff is friendly and smiling. I congratulate the staff, they work hard. Those who wander around the hotel at night put their feet in the pool with the slippers they used in the garden, those who get high at night jump into the pool, those who come as a group disturb the people with loud songs and halay until 01.30, but no hotel staff goes and warns them. The hotel does not deserve its hospitality team and kitchen staff. Yorum: The friendly and helpful attitude of the hotel staff and the efforts of the animation team to ensure the satisfaction of the guests made us very happy. Compared to the general facilities of the hotel, it can easily be said that the staff and animation team have a much higher level of performance. Unfortunately, it is bad that there is no relevant staff on the beach until the evening. While the staff of the other 2 hotels come and help their customers with sunbeds, unfortunately this hotel does not have staff on the beach. All the staff are helpful and sincere. I would like to thank all the staff and the general manager Mr. All the staff are friendly and do everything to please you. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. The friendliness and sincerity of the staff. Another main very important component of the hotel is their friendly staff. And here I would like to note the not always pleasant attitude on the part of the guests - few people greet the staff, they take everything for granted, they rarely thank the waiters and bartenders, when they are served food and drinks - in the first days I had a culture shock from such boorish behavior of some guests, they fill a full table of food and then leave without finishing, leaving everything half-eaten - at these moments I felt shame for them, not them. We loved the hotel very much, everything is great, the staff are amazing. The staff is polite, they will always tell you everything. The staff is very attentive and polite. The service staff rooms are really clean and nice. We would like to thank Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and his friendly staff for their interest and concern for the guests and us. Very nice and friendly staff, especially the manager Osman and the bar staff. Yorum: This is our 2nd visit this year, we were pleased with everything, thank you for the friendly staff. Another main very important component of the hotel is their friendly staff. Yorum: Quite a small hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, delicious food available for most of the day, close to a small sandy beach. Also the bar staff especially ( ebru ) always have a smile on her face always bringing vibes and making the best cocktails 😊, there’s lots of things to do also very helpful in helping us find a excursion which was such a fun day!! All the staff from kitchen side are so helpful,even if they doesnt speaks english,they work hard,⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️its impossible to dont find something to eat ,just if you came from a castle where you eat just Manchiuria roe…Sometimes people goes in holiday and pretend something else from staff of hotel,while in their house you can find lizards…Just enjoy your time ,salute the staff and say thank you,they are human like us,the visitors. Yorum: Beautiful clean newly equipped rooms, helpful staff, tasty food. Yorum: Very helpful staff ,delicious food ever,nice and clean place really, will definitely be back one day ,Thank you so much for the memorable time we had ever also really quite place to have relaxing and peace time. Şamil ÇOBAN is a very caring and helpful manager. Nazım Aygın and his team in the lobby immediately took us to our room and were very helpful throughout our holiday. However, the best part of the hotel was that all the staff were friendly and helpful. Since the day we entered the hotel, the receptionists, the security at the door, and the waiters working in the dining room have been very friendly and helpful. The employees are friendly and helpful. They are polite and helpful - as much as they can and understand. The disadvantages of the hotel include: - poor organization of nightlife in the hotel and the distance of attractions for adults outside the hotel and hotel "discos" where Russian music dominates; - small selection of food; - several service people who are unhelpful and do not speak English at all, but whose importance is important, e. Yorum: The friendly and helpful attitude of the hotel staff and the efforts of the animation team to ensure the satisfaction of the guests made us very happy. All the staff are helpful and sincere. I liked the attention and attention of all the employees, they are very friendly and helpful. Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Among the advantages I can note the clean sea and the gentle entrance to the sea, the work of the staff in the restaurant. Yorum: Very nice hotel, sea, air and greenery, we had a great time with our family, the food, the staff and the animation team are very warm and fun, Mustafa, Kaan Merih. Yorum: Quite a small hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, delicious food available for most of the day, close to a small sandy beach. Yorum: The location is extremely perfect, the staff is very attentive and relevant, the food is diverse and delicious, it is hygienic, the beach is the most beautiful and clean I have ever seen, the rooms are old but clean and hygienic, the … 7. Also the bar staff especially ( ebru ) always have a smile on her face always bringing vibes and making the best cocktails 😊, there’s lots of things to do also very helpful in helping us find a excursion which was such a fun day!! Yorum: we rested in this hotel in June 2023, we want to thank the hotel staff, all the hotel staff for their friendliness, excellent service. On one night we had a Turkish night event and the performance, food and staff was well prepared and very well managed. All in all this hotel provides an amazing value for your money with it's clean rooms, caring staff and scheduled events for it's visitors. All staff is friendly, positivelly minded and always ready to help you out in any situation. Special thanks to following representatives of hotel's staff and our new friends: Hasan (unforgettable Turkish massage and support), two guys from reception, Firat, Tolga and Taylan (very very nice guys who entertained us, kept us fit and it was a big pleasure to get introduced with them). Also I'm thankful to all restaurant's staff for such a careful attention to all the clients of hotel (Yusuf, thank you so much for a little Turkish language course). Rooms are basic but clean, staff is mostly friendly. very rude staff especially the receptionist! Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. All the staff from kitchen side are so helpful,even if they doesnt speaks english,they work hard,⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️its impossible to dont find something to eat ,just if you came from a castle where you eat just Manchiuria roe…Sometimes people goes in holiday and pretend something else from staff of hotel,while in their house you can find lizards…Just enjoy your time ,salute the staff and say thank you,they are human like us,the visitors. Yorum: Beautiful clean newly equipped rooms, helpful staff, tasty food. Yorum: Very helpful staff ,delicious food ever,nice and clean place really, will definitely be back one day ,Thank you so much for the memorable time we had ever also really quite place to have relaxing and peace time. Yorum: Very loud, hotel unorganised, staff rude. My favorite part of the hotel is the staff, they are excellent people. The staff is friendly, but the situation at check-in spoiled the mood and impression. The reception staff immediately began to hint at giving money for a better room, although the room was booked with a sea view, and in the end I had to give $30. Bars -Thanks to the restaurant and housekeeping staff for their devoted efforts, Mr. The food is varied, you won’t go hungry) the service staff is friendly and attentive. Friendly and courteous staff, good variety of food, delicious food, good service in restaurants and bars, it was a holiday exactly above our expectations. The staff does their best in terms of entertainment, but there is no activity after 22.00 and people feel sleepy. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the sea and the beach are more beautiful than most beaches in Alanya. Yorum: We were very pleased with our first visit to the hotel, everything was very good, the location, the room cleaning, the staff were wonderfully friendly, for making us feel special and different, Night Manager Osman Bey and his wife Hacer Hanım, who made a difference by doing their jobs with love and dedication, restaurant manager Hacı Bey. We would like to thank Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and his friendly staff for their interest and concern for the guests and us. The hotel managers and all their staff are attentive and friendly. As for the staff, especially Ms. The staff in the restaurant section is as clean as a bee. In short, the hotel is a price-performance hotel, all staff are well-intentioned and hard-working, food and drink are good, management is good, entertainment and animation are really great, would we go to this hotel again after these? Definitely yes, thank you very much to the hotel management and all the staff. However, the best part of the hotel was that all the staff were friendly and helpful. Endless thanks to all Aska Bayview staff, especially Mr. Therefore, thank you for the efforts of all the staff. The attention of the staff and the cleanliness of the room were all very good. I would like to thank all the staff for being friendly. First of all, there was a permanent staff in the health room at the hotel during the daytime. The hotel staff is nice. But in a hotel, the staff cannot be bad, cannot talk loudly, cannot take shortcuts. Then I say to the old uncle that the hotel reception staff is probably the worst reception staff I have ever seen. The staff is trying to do their best. The food was delicious and I cannot ignore the friendly approach of the staff. The location is beautiful, the sea is beautiful, the only problem is the stairs, other than that, the food is plentiful, the staff is friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day, the towels are clean... It should also be noted that the staff is very friendly and the animation team is also attentive. Merih, is very caring and friendly, the staff and the reception team are also very caring and friendly. The staff at the pool and snack bar are very friendly and tolerant. The food in the restaurant section was diverse and sufficient, Chef Erdem and the serving staff were very hardworking and friendly. I would like to thank Aska bayview resort managers and staff who contributed to our holiday being a good one, especially Chef Tarık Bey, who set an example for his staff with his experience. All staff and managers always welcomed us sincerely. Yorum: When we first entered the hotel, the staff was very friendly and smiling. Hacer on the floor, Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and their staff, Animation Tolga, Mustafa, we had a special and beautiful experience due to their interest and interest. I think the hotel management is very lucky in terms of its staff. Thank you very much to the staff of Aska Baybiew hotel. All the staff are very, very caring. The food and service staff are very good. Very nice and friendly staff, especially the manager Osman and the bar staff. First of all, we would like to thank the serving staff, especially the cafeteria staff, they are like bees and are very cheerful. The hotel manager supervises the staff and immediately solves the deficiencies, the animation team is very good, we did not use their pool, I will not comment. The staff is very friendly, there is a Russian-speaking girl in the lobby, Natalia, who can always explain, advise, and help. Very hospitable and polite staff. The hotel staff are very respectful, friendly and polite. In general, we were pleased with the attention and care of all hotel staff. All the staff are very hospitable and friendly. I congratulate all the staff, especially Mr. It would be nice if most of the staff spoke at least a little English. Yorum: I WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL THE STAFF, ESPECIALLY Mr. I would like to thank all the staff for their attention. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, the staff took great care of my family. You swim with the fish in the sea👍All the staff are friendly and do their job very well. Yorum: From the hotel's senior management to all levels of staff, they are very hardworking and do their job thoroughly. Mustafa, the night manager, Süleyman at the lobby bar, İbrahim, the breakfast chef, İbrahim, the pita master, and all the hotel staff, I would like to thank each and every one of them for their smiling faces and good manners. The attention and friendliness of the staff... Yorum: This is our 2nd visit this year, we were pleased with everything, thank you for the friendly staff. It is very disappointing that the staff here understands little to no German or English!!! The staff is very friendly and smiling, which is very nice. The staff is friendly and smiling. I congratulate the staff, they work hard. Those who wander around the hotel at night put their feet in the pool with the slippers they used in the garden, those who get high at night jump into the pool, those who come as a group disturb the people with loud songs and halay until 01.30, but no hotel staff goes and warns them. The hotel does not deserve its hospitality team and kitchen staff. Yorum: The friendly and helpful attitude of the hotel staff and the efforts of the animation team to ensure the satisfaction of the guests made us very happy. Compared to the general facilities of the hotel, it can easily be said that the staff and animation team have a much higher level of performance. Unfortunately, it is bad that there is no relevant staff on the beach until the evening. While the staff of the other 2 hotels come and help their customers with sunbeds, unfortunately this hotel does not have staff on the beach. All the staff are helpful and sincere. I would like to thank all the staff and the general manager Mr. All the staff are friendly and do everything to please you. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. The friendliness and sincerity of the staff. Another main very important component of the hotel is their friendly staff. And here I would like to note the not always pleasant attitude on the part of the guests - few people greet the staff, they take everything for granted, they rarely thank the waiters and bartenders, when they are served food and drinks - in the first days I had a culture shock from such boorish behavior of some guests, they fill a full table of food and then leave without finishing, leaving everything half-eaten - at these moments I felt shame for them, not them. We loved the hotel very much, everything is great, the staff are amazing. The staff is polite, they will always tell you everything. The staff is very attentive and polite. The service staff rooms are really clean and nice. Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Yorum: Low-cost hotel with good enough service level for vacation though. Yorum: we rested in this hotel in June 2023, we want to thank the hotel staff, all the hotel staff for their friendliness, excellent service. Catering service works fine and all food that we had was delicious, healthy and time spent in restaurant was always like a little piece of daily happiness. Reception stuf needs to know English and to be more at service. Yorum: Its a very nice hotel with a good animation team i really like it they have every night a animtion night for childeren and parents its amazing the service and rooms are also good. Yorum: Good location and not bad service 46. Comment: service , location. Comment: service , location. The food is varied, you won’t go hungry) the service staff is friendly and attentive. Friendly and courteous staff, good variety of food, delicious food, good service in restaurants and bars, it was a holiday exactly above our expectations. Murat and his colleagues from the restaurant department, for their sincere and friendly service. Be sure that you will receive a service that exceeds the money you pay. I am sure you will receive service above a 4-star hotel. The hotel can be evaluated in terms of price performance and you should not expect premium deluxe or luxury service. Maybe he could not intervene much, but it is sufficient for first aid, as the name suggests, considering that even in much larger and complex facilities, doctors or health personnel are called from outside only when necessary, it is an important service. The service it provides is equivalent to the price paid. I think the biggest shortcoming is the rooms and room service, that's why I deducted 1 star, it could be a much better place if a little more attention was paid to this issue. I hope they solve their problems and start providing service that way. The food and service staff are very good. The hotel service was very nice, the cleaning ladies took care of cleaning the rooms every day. Yorum: When we compare its price and service, it is an excellent holiday center. I recommend it to everyone who wants service rather than ostentation. The hotel's location and service quality were very good, and the sea was perfect. The disadvantages of the hotel include: - poor organization of nightlife in the hotel and the distance of attractions for adults outside the hotel and hotel "discos" where Russian music dominates; - small selection of food; - several service people who are unhelpful and do not speak English at all, but whose importance is important, e. We ate both the service quality and delicious food with the money we paid. Especially, there is a service quality that does not suit a hotel belonging to a chain group such as Aska hotels. The waiters, Mehmet YILDIZ, We thank Emre and Halile very much for their services. The hotel itself has a store, a Turkish bath (I didn’t use their services, so I can’t say anything), and next to the hotel there is a mini-market with souvenirs and a travel agency where we bought an excursion to a pirate ship. The service staff rooms are really clean and nice.

Kumsal için rating: 9.1
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 178
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Quite a small hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, delicious food available for most of the day, close to a small sandy beach. Yorum: The location is extremely perfect, the staff is very attentive and relevant, the food is diverse and delicious, it is hygienic, the beach is the most beautiful and clean I have ever seen, the rooms are old but clean and hygienic, the … 7. Awesome beach, delicious restaurant, funny animation, really good massage. The path to the beach was the only small trouble that could be faced as there are alot of stairs to walk. Beach near to hotel - nice. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. Beach is near the hotel. The hotel beach is very small, literally a piece of sand, where you have to take a place in the evening. BUT not far from the hotel (10-15 minutes) there is a city beach called Incekum. The beach is small, shares the territory with two more … 54. Yorum: I stayed in this hotel in June, I liked the hotel, beautiful area, the beach is small but sandy, the entrance is gentle, there is a pier. It is in a great location, the hotel has its own beach and no one from outside can enter. Although it is necessary to walk a lot of steps to get down to the beach, the steps do not matter when you enter the water and photograph the view. Beach and access to the sea.... And this is the only toilet on the beach and pool area; not a single stall is locked! The nature, the sea are simply amazing, the beach is of course a little small, but there is an excellent one nearby ,big. First of all, the sea is really beautiful, the beach is very beautiful. Aska Bayview, Utopia Beach and Incekum West are 3 adjacent hotels. There is a bay-shaped beach shared by 3 hotels. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the sea and the beach are more beautiful than most beaches in Alanya. The rooms of the hotel are nice, but they can be improved, the food is still not bad, but it would be perfect if there was a variety, especially in terms of fruit, the sea is wonderful and the beach is very good, but the stairs are a bit tiring. The hotel beach is small and the sun loungers are located on the pier. The rooms are old, there is no elevator, and there are difficulties such as going down 100 stairs to the beach. But the sea and the beach are clean, although there is something about 30-40 meters from the beach. m., the hotel beach until 9 p. I recommend the public beach near the hotel, especially in the evening, it's great, especially in good company. You can change the beach towel every day if you want. The beach and the sea are very beautiful, accessible to children. The sea, beach and view are very beautiful. Even though we got a little tired going down the stairs, the beach was beautiful with its sand and aquarium-like clarity. There is also a beach. There was only a problem because the beach part was shared by 3 hotels. The big plus is the location, beach, swimming pool, animations. The sun loungers on the beach are extremely small, so I guess there is not much that can be done. There is no need to explain the beach anyway. Incekum beach is one of the most beautiful beaches in Alanya. The beach is also not very convenient. It is at a satisfactory level at the beach and pools. The beach near the hotel is sandy and STONE. The beach was smaller than we expected and you had to climb a lot of stairs to get to the sea. The beach area is small but it is suitable for those who do not want to enter from the pier. The beach area is limited but it works. The hotel's sea is very beautiful, it can be reached by going down some steps and there is a narrow beach area. But here the beach is a very good option for swimming and splashing around. It is also nice that the beach is completely sandy and not overfilled with stones. Beautiful view, beach, snorkeling opportunities in a beautiful lagoon. Unfortunately, it is bad that there is no relevant staff on the beach until the evening. While the staff of the other 2 hotels come and help their customers with sunbeds, unfortunately this hotel does not have staff on the beach. The downside is that going down to the beach with stairs is okay, but the ascent is really difficult, especially if you have a small child or are elderly. The beach is magnificent. There is little area on the beach (on the sand). Great location, private beach and pier, lots of food, extra animators. In Alanya we visited the funicular, the fortress, Cleopatra beach, etc. You go down to the beach via steep stairs. You find peace with the sound of the waves on the pier on the beach. It has a short beach. The sea is shallow and the sand is beautiful, there is a beach suitable for children. Yorum: Quite a small hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, delicious food available for most of the day, close to a small sandy beach. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. The hotel beach is very small, literally a piece of sand, where you have to take a place in the evening. Large sandy spacious. There is a toilet, a tap to rinse your feet and body from sand. Yorum: I stayed in this hotel in June, I liked the hotel, beautiful area, the beach is small but sandy, the entrance is gentle, there is a pier. mmmm it’s hard to say: it looks like a lagoon covered with sand, but not very far, then instead of the bottom there are sharp stones! Since it is a sea of ​​sand, not stone, my choice will be this hotel next time. It is very nice that the hotel is right next to the sea and the sea is completely sandy. Even though we got a little tired going down the stairs, the beach was beautiful with its sand and aquarium-like clarity. Yorum: The main advantage of the hotel is the sea (smooth entry, sand, clean water, it is possible to enter from a wooden bridge, fish swim). The sea is wonderful, waveless, and It is sandy, it is very suitable for families with children, the stairs are a bit tiring but not unbearable, you have to go up for drinks and toilets. You swim with the fish in the glass-like water, the bottom is sand. The beach near the hotel is sandy and STONE. The sea is completely sandy and very beautiful. It is also nice that the beach is completely sandy and not overfilled with stones. The sea is especially amazing - clear water, soft sand, gentle slope. No matter how thin the sand is, it doesn't suddenly become deep. The hotel's sea is beautiful as it is sandy and shallow, as written in other comments, but a small sand area is shared by 3 hotels and the smallest part is the pier section reserved for this hotel, but unfortunately the sand area is small and the number of sunbeds is low. There is little area on the beach (on the sand). The fine sand was the most beautiful of the seas we visited. The sea is shallow and the sand is beautiful, there is a beach suitable for children. Food is ok with fresh fruits and vegetables, repetitive though and don't expect much (like seafood, fancy fruit sorts). Among the advantages I can note the clean sea and the gentle entrance to the sea, the work of the staff in the restaurant. Yorum: Very nice hotel, sea, air and greenery, we had a great time with our family, the food, the staff and the animation team are very warm and fun, Mustafa, Kaan Merih. The sea view room we were given was off the highway and the noice at night did not let us sleep. the Mediterranean sea is warm, the bay is amazing and calm. Yorum: I stayed 4 nights at Aska Bayview and it was an astounding experience, the Hotel is next to the sea so the view was something I will never forget with its mountains and amazing sunset. Sea is ti only good thing about hotel, everithing else is not 4 star hotel... Wonderful place with beautiful sea and view! Yorum: Beautiful view on sea. Very convenient entry into the sea, especially for those who cannot swim or with a small child (the depth does not go away quickly). Incredible view, clear sea, small, clean area. The sea and pool are beautiful. The reception staff immediately began to hint at giving money for a better room, although the room was booked with a sea view, and in the end I had to give $30. The only beautiful thing is the sea. The shenzongs by the sea also have no order and there are only a few sun loungers right by the sea, the remaining ones are at the top, most of them did not have umbrellas. There are many stone stairs on the way to the sea and it is really tiring to go up and down. Yorum: The sea in Aska Baywiev, which is shared with 2 hotels, is very beautiful. It is very enjoyable to sit on the terraces and watch the sea. However, you have to go up and down 70/80 steps to the sea, which is a bit … 60. Beach and access to the sea.... a very long rocky forest to the sea, and it is understandable for families with small children. The nature, the sea are simply amazing, the beach is of course a little small, but there is an excellent one nearby ,big. First of all, the sea is really beautiful, the beach is very beautiful. Yorum: We stayed as 2 families for 5 nights, at first check-in we were offered a suite room, for 2 nights, then they offered us separate rooms with pool and sea views in the same building, we said ok. THE ONLY BEAUTIFUL PART OF THE HOTEL IS THE VIEW AND THE BEAUTIFUL SEA, THE POOL IS CONSIDERED ENOUGH (You can't find a place for sunbeds in the pool or the pool, everyone leaves their towels and leaves, which is the case in most hotels). The sea is very beautiful. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the sea and the beach are more beautiful than most beaches in Alanya. Since it is a sea of ​​sand, not stone, my choice will be this hotel next time. The sea and pools are wonderful. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 5 days in the new season of July 2024 in Incekum. The rooms of the hotel are nice, but they can be improved, the food is still not bad, but it would be perfect if there was a variety, especially in terms of fruit, the sea is wonderful and the beach is very good, but the stairs are a bit tiring. The pool is large enough and the sea is very beautiful, especially in the morning hours. It is very nice that the hotel is right next to the sea and the sea is completely sandy. The sea was not wavy in the first two days and swimming with the fishes was quite enjoyable. m., there should also be individual seats during breakfast hours, although once someone's towels were thrown off by other tourists. My advice to the hotel: do some research on customer loss statistics. The sea is nice but there are always thin waves, it is constantly wavy morning and evening. But the sea and the beach are clean, although there is something about 30-40 meters from the beach. The location is beautiful, the sea is beautiful, the only problem is the stairs, other than that, the food is plentiful, the staff is friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day, the towels are clean... It is a hotel we prefer even just to swim in the sea. The beach and the sea are very beautiful, accessible to children. The sea, beach and view are very beautiful. The sea view is very successful. The hotel is very beautiful with its sea, pool, view and calm environment. The food, the view and the sea are magnificent. Yorum: The main advantage of the hotel is the sea (smooth entry, sand, clean water, it is possible to enter from a wooden bridge, fish swim). But there is a sea that covers every flaw. To reach the sea, you have to walk down the stairs and walk up when going up. The sea is wonderful, waveless, and It is sandy, it is very suitable for families with children, the stairs are a bit tiring but not unbearable, you have to go up for drinks and toilets. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, you really had to see it. I really liked the hotel: clean and comfortable room with a gorgeous view of the sea. I came to my room from the sea, looked at the bed and it was completely wet. We loved the sea view. To start with the sea, people set up tents and stay for two months to swim in such a sea. The food is not the worst, but monotonous, very repetitive, sometimes under-seasoned or so salty that it is impossible to eat. They gave us a room with a sea view, although we booked a regular one. The beach was smaller than we expected and you had to climb a lot of stairs to get to the sea. But I really can't get enough of the sea. The location of the hotel, the view and the sea are really beautiful. And what I can recommend to you is to choose a sea view room. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, the staff took great care of my family. First of all, as in all the comments, the sea and the view are perfect. You swim with the fish in the sea👍All the staff are friendly and do their job very well. The food is delicious, the area is beautiful, the views are incredible, the sea is amazing. The hotel's location, sea view is very good. The hotel's sea is very beautiful, it can be reached by going down some steps and there is a narrow beach area. The sea was very beautiful. The hotel's location and sea were very beautiful. The sea is completely sandy and very beautiful. The hotel is price performance, the view and the sea are very beautiful. The hotel's location and service quality were very good, and the sea was perfect. The sea is especially amazing - clear water, soft sand, gentle slope. In the end, we are going to the sea, not to drink or eat. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides. The sea is very beautiful.. The view is wonderful, the sea is beautiful. The sea is very spacious and the view is already wonderful. The sea was really beautiful. The only thing you said is correct but missing is that you gave me a large room with sea view (no pool view). The hotel's sea is beautiful as it is sandy and shallow, as written in other comments, but a small sand area is shared by 3 hotels and the smallest part is the pier section reserved for this hotel, but unfortunately the sand area is small and the number of sunbeds is low. Moreover, as we went there on the 18th of September, it would be even more inadequate during the busy season. The room is good with a sea view. the area is very beautiful, amazing view of the sea. Since we love the sea very much, we decided to give it another chance and came again this year. The sea is already wonderful. We had a room on the 5th floor in the main building with a gorgeous view of the sea and the pool. Sea view from every corner of the hotel, I think that’s why I chose this hotel. The sea is with you everywhere - in your room, in the pool, at the reception. Yorum: We arrived a little while after the season started. The sea is very clean. Since the season had just started, they quickly completed all the deficiencies. The fine sand was the most beautiful of the seas we visited. The sea is shallow and the sand is beautiful, there is a beach suitable for children. Because a bad comment about this view and this sea would truly be like a betrayal. The location, the sea and the in-hotel entertainment were all great. Yorum: In general, we were satisfied with everything about the price-performance hotel, the employees are friendly and work well, the sea is really beautiful, it is a very suitable hotel for children, my daughters had a lot of fun, thank you very much to the animation team, we had a pleasant chat The sea is nice but there are always thin waves, it is constantly wavy morning and evening. Thanks to this, there are fewer waves and the water is very warm. You find peace with the sound of the waves on the pier on the beach.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 8.6
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 105
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Wonderful clean, warm pool, cool water slides. Food and Beverage, Accommodation, Pools (children's pool), slides, Animation, everything was very nice. Two slides in the second pool are open during scheduled hours. The pool slide is open twice a day for an hour and a half, the swimming pool is open only until 7 p. The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. Wonderful clean, warm pool, cool water slides. There is a pool with slides and pool games. There are 2 slides at the pool, which are ideal for smaller children. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides. The hotel pool and waterslide are absolutely too small. You may complain that the slides are open only for a short time, or the mirror is not clean, but the overall impression was very good, considering the price we paid ;) 156. But here the beach is a very good option for swimming and splashing around. There is a pool with slides and pool games. The pool is clean with a crystal clear water which is very important to me. 4-The pool was important to us, especially I talked to the pool maintenance officer, he showed the PH values. The pools were clean, the water was great. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. The sea and pool are beautiful. Fatma at the Pool bar, Mr. The pool and its activities are great, you may need to get up a little early to find a sunbed in a good place. And this is the only toilet on the beach and pool area; not a single stall is locked! Yorum: We stayed as 2 families for 5 nights, at first check-in we were offered a suite room, for 2 nights, then they offered us separate rooms with pool and sea views in the same building, we said ok. THE ONLY BEAUTIFUL PART OF THE HOTEL IS THE VIEW AND THE BEAUTIFUL SEA, THE POOL IS CONSIDERED ENOUGH (You can't find a place for sunbeds in the pool or the pool, everyone leaves their towels and leaves, which is the case in most hotels). The pool is clean. The sea and pools are wonderful. The pool and aqua are small but okay, we didn't get bored. Food and Beverage, Accommodation, Pools (children's pool), slides, Animation, everything was very nice. The pool is large enough and the sea is very beautiful, especially in the morning hours. Melih from the organization team were very attentive, I would like to thank my brother Hasan at the pool bar. The large pool is ok, but it is forty meters at its deepest point. There is no need to occupy sun loungers by the pool at 6 a. Two slides in the second pool are open during scheduled hours. Drinks at the pool bar were served in small plastic cups, the alcoholic ones were probably watered down because you could drink and drink and not get drunk :-) The animators seem ok, but without any special flair. The pool slide is open twice a day for an hour and a half, the swimming pool is open only until 7 p. You cannot see that the pool is cleaned. The staff at the pool and snack bar are very friendly and tolerant. The pool and aquapark were a little small. The hotel is very beautiful with its sea, pool, view and calm environment. Although the pool was a little small, it was still nice. The big plus is the location, beach, swimming pool, animations. The hotel manager supervises the staff and immediately solves the deficiencies, the animation team is very good, we did not use their pool, I will not comment. The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. We came on August 31st, the gala was very beautiful, there was a stage both in the restaurant and by the pool. Wonderful clean, warm pool, cool water slides. The pool is small. The Turkish gala night by the pool at the hotel was amazing and I must say we didn't want it to end. It is at a satisfactory level at the beach and pools. For those who want, there is a pool. There is a pool with slides and pool games. We liked the three-story building, where the view was not of the pool, but of … 115. Yorum: I think the food variety was not bad, but the taste of some of it is debatable, there are a lot of things missing in the rooms and the pool is not as big as it seems. Pool activities or after-dinner activities are great. The pools are well-maintained and clean, the Aquapark is organized and opens on time. The pool is very dirty 123. Nyse somehow we took care of the rooms, the first night passed, I hung paper on the door to clean it in the morning, I am a tidy person, I covered my bed, but since I knew where the stains were, when I came, I saw that they had not changed, and when I went to the pool, I complained to the reception, they said they would direct me and I went. THEY OFFER THE SAME PRODUCT TO YOU FOR 3 OR 4 DAYS, MAYBE MORE POOL=NEVER CLEANED EVENING ENTERTAINMENT=NICE SUN LOUNGE = WHO CAN CLOSE IT OR YOU HAVE TO LEAVE A FEW ITEMS OR YOU WILL BE STANDED OUT. The pool is far too small, there are usually far too many people in it and so there are hardly any opportunities for 'normal' animation activities at the pool. There are 2 slides at the pool, which are ideal for smaller children. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides. Hasan Şimşek at the pool bar was very friendly and caring. The pool is clean. The hotel pool and waterslide are absolutely too small. Those who wander around the hotel at night put their feet in the pool with the slippers they used in the garden, those who get high at night jump into the pool, those who come as a group disturb the people with loud songs and halay until 01.30, but no hotel staff goes and warns them. You didn't even mention those who jumped into the pool and made the hotel miserable at night. The only thing you said is correct but missing is that you gave me a large room with sea view (no pool view). We had a room on the 5th floor in the main building with a gorgeous view of the sea and the pool. The sea is with you everywhere - in your room, in the pool, at the reception. Yorum: We came across August 30th, we are glad we came, it really couldn't have been celebrated better, the celebrations started in the morning, the meal by the pool was really enjoyable, apart from that, everything was great, a perfect value for money hotel. The pool is clean with a crystal clear water which is very important to me. The pools were clean, the water was great. Although it is necessary to walk a lot of steps to get down to the beach, the steps do not matter when you enter the water and photograph the view. Drinks practically without alcohol, watered down wine. Loud music plays half the day, and there is practically no animation - water polo every day, sometimes there was darts and water gym (each time the same exercises to the same music). Fruits - watermelons, oranges, grapefruits, plums, apples, once there was a melon and once there were grapes. Water in a restaurant in 200 ml plastic cups looks like cream, honestly - it's the first time in my life I've seen such a thing. Drinks at the pool bar were served in small plastic cups, the alcoholic ones were probably watered down because you could drink and drink and not get drunk :-) The animators seem ok, but without any special flair. Yorum: The main advantage of the hotel is the sea (smooth entry, sand, clean water, it is possible to enter from a wooden bridge, fish swim). A variety of animation is provided throughout the day, both for adults (darts, water polo, aqua aerobics) and for children. Wonderful clean, warm pool, cool water slides. You swim with the fish in the glass-like water, the bottom is sand. Fruits are: WATERMELON, watermelon and watermelon, apple, sometimes plums and oranges and once nectarines. Be careful, because you can seriously hurt yourself by hitting these large stones in the water. It does not get deep immediately, the water was very clean and clear. The sea is especially amazing - clear water, soft sand, gentle slope. Thanks to this, there are fewer waves and the water is very warm. There is only water in the mini fridge. The hotel pool and waterslide are absolutely too small. Since we were going to hit the road, I had to pour water on the windows of the vehicle and hold water for 2 minutes with the hose in the garden. I asked for it, an officer immediately came running and warned me that it is forbidden to use that water. I politely said that I needed to keep water because we were going to hit the road, the windows were very dirty, but I could not explain it, I left the hose and we left on bad terms, never to come to this hotel again. We would like to thank Hürü Aqua gym morning gym, Merih İrem dart game, Kaan water polo and their chef Mustafa. The hotel animators were young Turkish guys, the program began in the morning at 10 - we took part in water polo, water gymnastics and my son played darts all the time. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. The sea was not wavy in the first two days and swimming with the fishes was quite enjoyable. The pool slide is open twice a day for an hour and a half, the swimming pool is open only until 7 p. The big plus is the location, beach, swimming pool, animations. The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. But here the beach is a very good option for swimming and splashing around. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides. And this is the only toilet on the beach and pool area; not a single stall is locked! Pool activities or after-dinner activities are great. There is a pool with slides and pool games. Pool activities or after-dinner activities are great. There is a pool with slides and pool games. Pool activities or after-dinner activities are great.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.1
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 93
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Cleanliness could have been better. The attention of the staff and the cleanliness of the room were all very good. Yorum: It is a very pleasant hotel with its location, cleanliness and entertainment. People in the restaurant care very much about cleanliness. It's a complete fiasco in terms of cleanliness. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. Yorum: The rooms are ideal, family room, cleanliness is good, the food is good. I say this in a positive sense because it is better in terms of hygiene (toilets are very close to the restaurant) Apart from these, yes, food needs improvement, you will not go hungry, but I cannot say that it is very diverse and delicious. It is a really clean hotel in terms of hygiene. Among the advantages I can note the clean sea and the gentle entrance to the sea, the work of the staff in the restaurant. Yorum: The location is extremely perfect, the staff is very attentive and relevant, the food is diverse and delicious, it is hygienic, the beach is the most beautiful and clean I have ever seen, the rooms are old but clean and hygienic, the … 7. The pool is clean with a crystal clear water which is very important to me. Rooms are nice and cleaned every day and all of the personnel are polite and at your … 10. 3- Rooms are spacious, cleaned every day. All in all this hotel provides an amazing value for your money with it's clean rooms, caring staff and scheduled events for it's visitors. Room clean but small and old fashioned without wardrobe -clothes in luggage for whole stay. The hotel was comfortable, the room was simple but clean. The waiters were kind and quick to clean your table. The pools were clean, the water was great. Rooms are clean. Rooms are basic but clean, staff is mostly friendly. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. Yorum: Beautiful clean newly equipped rooms, helpful staff, tasty food. Yorum: Please environment, very delicious food, clean rooms and fantastic programs. Yorum: Very helpful staff ,delicious food ever,nice and clean place really, will definitely be back one day ,Thank you so much for the memorable time we had ever also really quite place to have relaxing and peace time. a very old, tired hotel, poorly cleaned, on the 2nd day the wall in the room was crumbling. Incredible view, clear sea, small, clean area. The rooms are cleaned daily, the area is beautiful! The food at the hotel is varied, you won't go hungry, the rooms are not new, but quite decent, there are several Russian channels on television, cleaning every day. It is shallow and clean. Yes, your public toilet has not been cleaned for 2 days! The room is certainly not perfect, but it’s clean, it doesn’t matter to me, it’s only for spending the night in it, by and large. As I said, the food is absolutely tasteless and insufficient, the room cleaning is zero, they went in for cleaning and left a dirty mop, and they put the dust under the sink. Cleanliness could have been better. The rooms are cleaned every day. The pool is clean. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the sea and the beach are more beautiful than most beaches in Alanya. Yorum: We were very pleased with our first visit to the hotel, everything was very good, the location, the room cleaning, the staff were wonderfully friendly, for making us feel special and different, Night Manager Osman Bey and his wife Hacer Hanım, who made a difference by doing their jobs with love and dedication, restaurant manager Hacı Bey. The staff in the restaurant section is as clean as a bee. The attention of the staff and the cleanliness of the room were all very good. The visual aspects of the rooms leave much to be desired, if you leave a tip, they are thoroughly cleaned. Yorum: Think of a hotel where Room Cleaning is done with a Broom Broom. Imagine a hotel without a vacuum cleaner. But the sea and the beach are clean, although there is something about 30-40 meters from the beach. Our room was very clean. The rooms are still okay, although twice we had towels not taken and they were not cleaned, and ants moved in... The food is delicious, the rooms are clean. The location is beautiful, the sea is beautiful, the only problem is the stairs, other than that, the food is plentiful, the staff is friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day, the towels are clean... What they mean by cleaning is just making the beds. You cannot see that the pool is cleaned. Yorum: It is a very pleasant hotel with its location, cleanliness and entertainment. It is a really clean hotel in terms of hygiene. Yorum: The main advantage of the hotel is the sea (smooth entry, sand, clean water, it is possible to enter from a wooden bridge, fish swim). The rooms need renovation, but they are clean, the air conditioning works, The standard is adequate to the price. The room cleaning is very mediocre. When we first entered the room, I cleaned the tops of the drawers and cabinets myself and witnessed the dust. Even though the bathroom tiles were clean, they were full of hairs, I washed the floor tiles myself. I really liked the hotel: clean and comfortable room with a gorgeous view of the sea. Wonderful clean, warm pool, cool water slides. The rooms were generally clean and cleaning was done every day. Room cleaning is also questionable. The rooms are very clean. The hotel service was very nice, the cleaning ladies took care of cleaning the rooms every day. People in the restaurant care very much about cleanliness. The food was prepared in very nice and clean conditions. The rooms are very clean and decent. The bath and sauna are very clean and spacious. The rooms are clean and are cleaned daily. The pools are well-maintained and clean, the Aquapark is organized and opens on time. Nyse somehow we took care of the rooms, the first night passed, I hung paper on the door to clean it in the morning, I am a tidy person, I covered my bed, but since I knew where the stains were, when I came, I saw that they had not changed, and when I went to the pool, I complained to the reception, they said they would direct me and I went. Yes, it's not too bad, but the problems with the room and room cleaning+food were downgraded. Everything is very nice, every part of the hotel is very clean, I noticed. Yuksel for cleaning our room. Yorum: HOTEL= NOT BAD BREAKFAST = THEY PROVIDE 1 WEEKLY CHEESE ROOM CLEANING=NO, THEY ONLY FIX THE COVERS EMPLOYEES= VERY GOOD FOOD = VERY BAD. THEY OFFER THE SAME PRODUCT TO YOU FOR 3 OR 4 DAYS, MAYBE MORE POOL=NEVER CLEANED EVENING ENTERTAINMENT=NICE SUN LOUNGE = WHO CAN CLOSE IT OR YOU HAVE TO LEAVE A FEW ITEMS OR YOU WILL BE STANDED OUT. It does not get deep immediately, the water was very clean and clear. The rooms were cleaned daily. 👍 The room itself is okay and spacious, so I'm even happy that it's actually cleaned every day. Very tasty food, rooms cleaned every day. Yorum: We went to the hotel, with a nice welcome, they immediately took us to dinner, then they cleaned our room and went to our room quickly. The rooms are cleaned every day. The pool is clean. We were at the hotel at 12.30 and waited for the room to be cleaned until 14:15. It's a complete fiasco in terms of cleanliness. As soon as we entered the room, we saw that the toilet was not cleaned at all, and a pillowcase with black stains was installed, which means that a case like this cannot be worn properly. When they entered the room to clean, the floor smelled very bad, they probably wiped it with a dirty mop and it made a smell. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. You may complain that the slides are open only for a short time, or the mirror is not clean, but the overall impression was very good, considering the price we paid ;) 156. The women cleaned the room conscientiously, there are no complaints about this at all. The waiters and bartenders, the cleaners - they were all very diligent, attentive, friendly, they simply looked after us, they treated us very warmly. The sea is very clean. Yorum: The rooms are ideal, family room, cleanliness is good, the food is good. The service staff rooms are really clean and nice.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.3
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 82
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Location is crap have to get taxis or buses anywhere! Location is crap have to get taxis or buses anywhere! I wrote this comment, first of all, to let you know the value the business gives to its customers. Şamil, the Business Manager, for always taking care of us since we first arrived and for his pleasant conversations. The tour was purchased from Biblio Globus, hosted by Fit, lasting 9 days. About the hotel from the moment of check-in: the bus that will take you to the hotel is not allowed, that is, you get off on … 101. Not far from the hotel (maybe 150m) there is a bus stop and a shop that is twice as cheap as the hotel shop, and a travel agency where you can buy optional trips much cheaper than in travel agencies like ITAKA. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides. Moreover, as we went there on the 18th of September, it would be even more inadequate during the busy season. If I were to go in turns, there is a parking problem. Yorum: We came as 3 families 5 days ago, the location of the hotel is very good, there is a parking problem at the hotel entrance, breakfasts are weak compared to other meals, but snack foods such as potato meatballs etc. The hotel has a parking problem and it is not enough. Finally, it rained on the evening of the day we were leaving the hotel, and since the hotel did not have a closed parking lot, a lot of dirt and sticky sap from the trees flowed onto our vehicle and its windows, which was under the trees. Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Yorum: The location is extremely perfect, the staff is very attentive and relevant, the food is diverse and delicious, it is hygienic, the beach is the most beautiful and clean I have ever seen, the rooms are old but clean and hygienic, the … 7. The location view the food is great. Location is crap have to get taxis or buses anywhere! Yorum: Good location and not bad service 46. Comment: service , location. Comment: service , location. It is in a great location, the hotel has its own beach and no one from outside can enter. Yorum: We came as 3 families 5 days ago, the location of the hotel is very good, there is a parking problem at the hotel entrance, breakfasts are weak compared to other meals, but snack foods such as potato meatballs etc. Yorum: We were very pleased with our first visit to the hotel, everything was very good, the location, the room cleaning, the staff were wonderfully friendly, for making us feel special and different, Night Manager Osman Bey and his wife Hacer Hanım, who made a difference by doing their jobs with love and dedication, restaurant manager Hacı Bey. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the smiling face and welcome of the employees were very nice from the moment we entered the hotel. First of all, it is a little far from Alanya in terms of location, 20-25 km away, but it is accessible by Western Union cars. In a hotel, the food may be bad, the customers will come, and in a hotel, the location may be bad, so the customers will come. The location is beautiful, the sea is beautiful, the only problem is the stairs, other than that, the food is plentiful, the staff is friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day, the towels are clean... It has a great location, the food is proportional to the money you pay, you won't go hungry, but you shouldn't expect top-class food. Yorum: It is a very pleasant hotel with its location, cleanliness and entertainment. The hotel is in a very good location, the food is delicious, but I think the master who makes Güllaç, one of the desserts, is delicious. The big plus is the location, beach, swimming pool, animations. The location of the hotel, the view and the sea are really beautiful. The hotel's location, sea view is very good. The hotel's location and sea were very beautiful. The hotel's location and service quality were very good, and the sea was perfect. Yorum: We loved the location of the hotel, I also went to the restaurant on the side, we liked it in general, thank you for the animation, we had fun in the shows and the activities were fun, But unfortunately the food and drinks were very bad. The hotel is not new, but is located in a stunning location. Great location, private beach and pier, lots of food, extra animators. The location, the sea and the in-hotel entertainment were all great. The disadvantages of the hotel include: - poor organization of nightlife in the hotel and the distance of attractions for adults outside the hotel and hotel "discos" where Russian music dominates; - small selection of food; - several service people who are unhelpful and do not speak English at all, but whose importance is important, e. The nature, the sea are simply amazing, the beach is of course a little small, but there is an excellent one nearby ,big. On the plus side, there is a stop nearby and we went to Alanya several times on our own there and back - a ticket costs 60 liras / 2 dollars per person one way. Incredible view, clear sea, small, clean area. The rooms are cleaned daily, the area is beautiful! Yorum: I stayed in this hotel in June, I liked the hotel, beautiful area, the beach is small but sandy, the entrance is gentle, there is a pier. Yeah, and the hotel is the whole area, there’s nowhere to go Are you serious, seriously...."not meeting my needs"? And this is the only toilet on the beach and pool area; not a single stall is locked! The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. There is a playground and entertainment area for your children. The beach area is small but it is suitable for those who do not want to enter from the pier. The beach area is limited but it works. The food is delicious, the area is beautiful, the views are incredible, the sea is amazing. The hotel's sea is very beautiful, it can be reached by going down some steps and there is a narrow beach area. Since there is no air conditioning in the reception area and lobby. The hotel's sea is beautiful as it is sandy and shallow, as written in other comments, but a small sand area is shared by 3 hotels and the smallest part is the pier section reserved for this hotel, but unfortunately the sand area is small and the number of sunbeds is low. the area is very beautiful, amazing view of the sea. There is little area on the beach (on the sand). The hotel area and the bay are very beautiful, the food is excellent. Good place for family holiday.|Everyone speak rusian language so you can speak with them also little bit english and german. Yorum: A very good place for vacation with children. Comment: A great place for everyone. Wonderful place with beautiful sea and view! Yorum: Very helpful staff ,delicious food ever,nice and clean place really, will definitely be back one day ,Thank you so much for the memorable time we had ever also really quite place to have relaxing and peace time. Yorum: Magnificent bay, tremendous views, comfortable place for the families with small children. The hotel beach is very small, literally a piece of sand, where you have to take a place in the evening. It's a pretty decent place in terms of environment. The food was not really tasty at all, we ate a few things to avoid going hungry, there were few places to eat, there was a celebration for dinner on August 30, we took our meals and stayed up. Yorum: First of all, I would like to point out that; This hotel is a place that gives more than its money's worth. The pool and its activities are great, you may need to get up a little early to find a sunbed in a good place. The mattresses on the sun loungers are all worn out and have holes in some places. THE ONLY BEAUTIFUL PART OF THE HOTEL IS THE VIEW AND THE BEAUTIFUL SEA, THE POOL IS CONSIDERED ENOUGH (You can't find a place for sunbeds in the pool or the pool, everyone leaves their towels and leaves, which is the case in most hotels). Yorum: It is one of those places that should be visited regularly. It was a complete family hotel and price performance place. I came here thinking that I would encounter an average hotel, but even average is luxury for this place. I think the biggest shortcoming is the rooms and room service, that's why I deducted 1 star, it could be a much better place if a little more attention was paid to this issue. We had a holiday in 2022, so we preferred it, but it was no longer a place we would come back to. A very beautiful and pleasant place. It's a place that really gives you value for money. Yorum: This hotel, where we came for a 5-night holiday, is a place that should be evaluated in terms of price performance. It is one of the rare places that can be preferred for honeymoon. IF YOU CANNOT EAT WITH PEACE OF MIND AT THE PLACE YOU GO, THERE IS NO MEANING IN BEING THERE. The photo shoot with them was very relaxed, he suggested poses, places on the hotel grounds, caught good moments, did not put pressure.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 9.1
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 69
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Yorum: Very nice hotel, sea, air and greenery, we had a great time with our family, the food, the staff and the animation team are very warm and fun, Mustafa, Kaan Merih. Good place for family holiday.|Everyone speak rusian language so you can speak with them also little bit english and german. Yorum: We vacationed with our family at the end of September. We are relaxing with the whole family, we really like everything, we are glad that we chose this hotel! Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family last year, and since I was very pleased with it, I made plans to come again with my friend this year. You can have a holiday with peace of mind as a family. They are all caring and smiling, like members of the family. I've visited so many hotels, but for the first time, we wanted the holiday to end as a family. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel as a family between 8-13 September 2024. A true family hotel. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 5 days in the new season of July 2024 in Incekum. There is a decent environment where you can stay with your family. You can spend your holiday here with peace of mind with your family. It was a complete family hotel and price performance place. See you again next year, Aska family. Yorum: We stayed at your hotel as a family between 1 October 2024 and 5 October 2024. Yorum: I flew with my family for 10 days. Yorum: We enjoy our holiday as a family every year. Family hotel... There are no people at the hotel who will disturb you or make you feel uncomfortable, it is a true family hotel. Yorum: I would like to mention that the holiday I spent with my family was very enjoyable, thank you, I am still at the hotel. The Aska family took care of everything. See you again aska family 93. We may choose them again next year as a family. Yorum: I had a perfect holiday with my family. Thank you aska family. We stayed with my family for 6 nights between 29 August and 4 September in room number 1105. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, the staff took great care of my family. And we would like to thank the Aska Family for allowing us to have a nice holiday for a week. We have had a great holiday as a family for 2 years. Yorum: We were very pleased with the hotel where we stayed as a family in September. Yorum: I came on vacation with my family. We vacationed with our family in June-July 2024. See you again, love family. I was pleased with the holiday I had with my family. We stayed at the hotel as a family between 29 August - 1 September. I pulled the vehicle in front of the door and waited, when no one came, we unloaded the suitcases and carried them inside as a family. Aska family, see you again. A Turkish family we met left the hotel a day early because their children and their children were uncomfortable with the food, and they suggested that we only eat salad-type things. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. Yorum: It was our first time at the hotel, we came with my family, the view of the hotel was very beautiful. Yorum: The rooms are ideal, family room, cleanliness is good, the food is good. First night we had a crying baby next to us and the next morning I asked the reception to change room. Yorum: A very good place for vacation with children. Yorum: Magnificent bay, tremendous views, comfortable place for the families with small children. We vacationed with friends and children. a very long rocky forest to the sea, and it is understandable for families with small children. Food and Beverage, Accommodation, Pools (children's pool), slides, Animation, everything was very nice. Additionally, the Animation team entertains children and customers with various games and activities. There was a lot of entertainment for children. The beach and the sea are very beautiful, accessible to children. Good for Families with Children. The sea is wonderful, waveless, and It is sandy, it is very suitable for families with children, the stairs are a bit tiring but not unbearable, you have to go up for drinks and toilets. Yorum: We are vacationing in July with two children 8 years old. The children really like the animation and participate with pleasure. The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. A variety of animation is provided throughout the day, both for adults (darts, water polo, aqua aerobics) and for children. We should also mention that it is suitable for children. There is a playground and entertainment area for your children. There are 2 slides at the pool, which are ideal for smaller children. There is only one advantage of the rooms: the children's room is separate and both rooms are air conditioned. Especially the breakfasts were very poor, I always had to go and make toast, the chocolate we bought for the children was terrible, even my little daughter, who is a chocolate lover, said, "Dad, I won't eat this anymore." It appealed to our eyes and hearts only on the Turkish night, apart from that, you cannot find a second meat dish. I admired those children once again on August 30, I hope they are getting the reward of their efforts. A Turkish family we met left the hotel a day early because their children and their children were uncomfortable with the food, and they suggested that we only eat salad-type things. I was with two children, 10 and 12 years old. The sea is shallow and the sand is beautiful, there is a beach suitable for children. The animation is very good, there were very nice dances and activities with the children. Yorum: In general, we were satisfied with everything about the price-performance hotel, the employees are friendly and work well, the sea is really beautiful, it is a very suitable hotel for children, my daughters had a lot of fun, thank you very much to the animation team, we had a pleasant chat

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 9.2
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 69
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Yorum: Very nice hotel, sea, air and greenery, we had a great time with our family, the food, the staff and the animation team are very warm and fun, Mustafa, Kaan Merih. Good place for family holiday.|Everyone speak rusian language so you can speak with them also little bit english and german. Yorum: We vacationed with our family at the end of September. We are relaxing with the whole family, we really like everything, we are glad that we chose this hotel! Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family last year, and since I was very pleased with it, I made plans to come again with my friend this year. You can have a holiday with peace of mind as a family. They are all caring and smiling, like members of the family. I've visited so many hotels, but for the first time, we wanted the holiday to end as a family. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel as a family between 8-13 September 2024. A true family hotel. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 5 days in the new season of July 2024 in Incekum. There is a decent environment where you can stay with your family. You can spend your holiday here with peace of mind with your family. It was a complete family hotel and price performance place. See you again next year, Aska family. Yorum: We stayed at your hotel as a family between 1 October 2024 and 5 October 2024. Yorum: I flew with my family for 10 days. Yorum: We enjoy our holiday as a family every year. Family hotel... There are no people at the hotel who will disturb you or make you feel uncomfortable, it is a true family hotel. Yorum: I would like to mention that the holiday I spent with my family was very enjoyable, thank you, I am still at the hotel. The Aska family took care of everything. See you again aska family 93. We may choose them again next year as a family. Yorum: I had a perfect holiday with my family. Thank you aska family. We stayed with my family for 6 nights between 29 August and 4 September in room number 1105. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, the staff took great care of my family. And we would like to thank the Aska Family for allowing us to have a nice holiday for a week. We have had a great holiday as a family for 2 years. Yorum: We were very pleased with the hotel where we stayed as a family in September. Yorum: I came on vacation with my family. We vacationed with our family in June-July 2024. See you again, love family. I was pleased with the holiday I had with my family. We stayed at the hotel as a family between 29 August - 1 September. I pulled the vehicle in front of the door and waited, when no one came, we unloaded the suitcases and carried them inside as a family. Aska family, see you again. A Turkish family we met left the hotel a day early because their children and their children were uncomfortable with the food, and they suggested that we only eat salad-type things. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. Yorum: It was our first time at the hotel, we came with my family, the view of the hotel was very beautiful. Yorum: The rooms are ideal, family room, cleanliness is good, the food is good. No matter how motivated those kids are, they are like bees, they are at least two shirts ahead of the hotel. Yorum: A very good place for vacation with children. Yorum: Magnificent bay, tremendous views, comfortable place for the families with small children. We vacationed with friends and children. a very long rocky forest to the sea, and it is understandable for families with small children. Food and Beverage, Accommodation, Pools (children's pool), slides, Animation, everything was very nice. Additionally, the Animation team entertains children and customers with various games and activities. There was a lot of entertainment for children. The beach and the sea are very beautiful, accessible to children. Good for Families with Children. The sea is wonderful, waveless, and It is sandy, it is very suitable for families with children, the stairs are a bit tiring but not unbearable, you have to go up for drinks and toilets. Yorum: We are vacationing in July with two children 8 years old. The children really like the animation and participate with pleasure. The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. A variety of animation is provided throughout the day, both for adults (darts, water polo, aqua aerobics) and for children. We should also mention that it is suitable for children. There is a playground and entertainment area for your children. There are 2 slides at the pool, which are ideal for smaller children. There is only one advantage of the rooms: the children's room is separate and both rooms are air conditioned. Especially the breakfasts were very poor, I always had to go and make toast, the chocolate we bought for the children was terrible, even my little daughter, who is a chocolate lover, said, "Dad, I won't eat this anymore." It appealed to our eyes and hearts only on the Turkish night, apart from that, you cannot find a second meat dish. I admired those children once again on August 30, I hope they are getting the reward of their efforts. A Turkish family we met left the hotel a day early because their children and their children were uncomfortable with the food, and they suggested that we only eat salad-type things. I was with two children, 10 and 12 years old. The sea is shallow and the sand is beautiful, there is a beach suitable for children. The animation is very good, there were very nice dances and activities with the children. Yorum: In general, we were satisfied with everything about the price-performance hotel, the employees are friendly and work well, the sea is really beautiful, it is a very suitable hotel for children, my daughters had a lot of fun, thank you very much to the animation team, we had a pleasant chat

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 8.0
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 21
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: In general I am dissapointed mainly due to music - if I want party holiday I would choose Ibiza. The disadvantages of the hotel include: - poor organization of nightlife in the hotel and the distance of attractions for adults outside the hotel and hotel "discos" where Russian music dominates; - small selection of food; - several service people who are unhelpful and do not speak English at all, but whose importance is important, e. From 10 am until midnight loud music plays almost continuously, which does not allow you to relax. The hotel management behaves very passively and does not correct obvious problems (loud music, lack of names and composition of dishes in the restaurant, the neatness of the hotel, the entertainment program is irrelevant and not updated). No option - music is too loud. No option - music is too loud. In general I am dissapointed mainly due to music - if I want party holiday I would choose Ibiza. The things make me so happy is the organization about the music atmosphere dance groupe taylan guler,zehra,tolga we dance every day at the … 20. Loud music plays half the day, and there is practically no animation - water polo every day, sometimes there was darts and water gym (each time the same exercises to the same music). The music and performances are great. Live music shows etc. The disadvantages of the hotel include: - poor organization of nightlife in the hotel and the distance of attractions for adults outside the hotel and hotel "discos" where Russian music dominates; - small selection of food; - several service people who are unhelpful and do not speak English at all, but whose importance is important, e. Yorum: You cannot schedule your time here - you need to live according to dj plans. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. Aska Bayview, Utopia Beach and Incekum West are 3 adjacent hotels. The shows of the animation team (Kağan, Merih, İrem, Hürü and DJ. Hadji, Ms. Hadji, Mr. The food was not really tasty at all, we ate a few things to avoid going hungry, there were few places to eat, there was a celebration for dinner on August 30, we took our meals and stayed up. Yorum: We came across August 30th, we are glad we came, it really couldn't have been celebrated better, the celebrations started in the morning, the meal by the pool was really enjoyable, apart from that, everything was great, a perfect value for money hotel. They entertained us with fun activities every day.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 9.0
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 17
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Massage in the spa ok, but agressive marketing is annoying. There is a very good spa center right in the hotel. Awesome beach, delicious restaurant, funny animation, really good massage. Massage in the spa ok, but agressive marketing is annoying. Special thanks to following representatives of hotel's staff and our new friends: Hasan (unforgettable Turkish massage and support), two guys from reception, Firat, Tolga and Taylan (very very nice guys who entertained us, kept us fit and it was a big pleasure to get introduced with them). I really liked the sauna and massage. What is truly incomparable here are the massages from Guzel, I took a program with peeling and 5 back massage sessions. Massage and sauna - super! I really liked the sauna and massage. The bath and sauna are very clean and spacious. Massage and sauna - super! To summarize, I can say that staying in this hotel is more conducive to constantly overcoming difficulties, rather than relaxation. Catering service works fine and all food that we had was delicious, healthy and time spent in restaurant was always like a little piece of daily happiness. First of all, there was a permanent staff in the health room at the hotel during the daytime. Maybe he could not intervene much, but it is sufficient for first aid, as the name suggests, considering that even in much larger and complex facilities, doctors or health personnel are called from outside only when necessary, it is an important service. The food is great, there are all kinds of fish, chicken and vegetable dishes, we ate them and had no health problems. The two men from the spa/hammam etc.

Spor Alanları için rating: 9.3
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. The animators are not visible at all, I asked them where the gym is? Loud music plays half the day, and there is practically no animation - water polo every day, sometimes there was darts and water gym (each time the same exercises to the same music). We would like to thank Hürü Aqua gym morning gym, Merih İrem dart game, Kaan water polo and their chef Mustafa. The hotel animators were young Turkish guys, the program began in the morning at 10 - we took part in water polo, water gymnastics and my son played darts all the time.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 7.1
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: THE GOOD THING IS THE NIGHT ENTERTAINMENT AND THE EMPLOYEES, THERE IS NO OTHER GOOD PART 130. Activities and evening shows are excellent. Live music shows etc. The music and performances are great. The hotel hosts animations of both local amateur performances and guest artists.

Özel Menü için rating: 7.1
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: The food was not really tasty at all, we ate a few things to avoid going hungry, there were few places to eat, there was a celebration for dinner on August 30, we took our meals and stayed up. Yorum: We came as 3 families 5 days ago, the location of the hotel is very good, there is a parking problem at the hotel entrance, breakfasts are weak compared to other meals, but snack foods such as potato meatballs etc. Their meals consist of turkey and chicken meat rather than meat, there are alternative tastes. As for meals. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 8.0
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The mattresses on the sun loungers are all worn out and have holes in some places. To summarize, I can say that staying in this hotel is more conducive to constantly overcoming difficulties, rather than relaxation. the Mediterranean sea is warm, the bay is amazing and calm. The hotel is very beautiful with its sea, pool, view and calm environment.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: It is one of the rare places that can be preferred for honeymoon. The honeymoon concept is wonderful and broad. Great location, private beach and pier, lots of food, extra animators.

Dalış için rating: 10.0
Dalış için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Dalış için tüm sonuçlar metni: Beautiful view, beach, snorkeling opportunities in a beautiful lagoon.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 6.1
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: To summarize, I can say that staying in this hotel is more conducive to constantly overcoming difficulties, rather than relaxation.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 10.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Food and Beverage, Accommodation, Pools (children's pool), slides, Animation, everything was very nice.

