Hotel Name: Aska Lara

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 9.8
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 617
All results text for Service Quality: Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. Our arrival is the best and most beautiful of all hotels, I really say Aska, the food, the drinks, the service quality, the staff, everything, we say Aska, the garden side is very nice, it has been renewed and is perfect, the restaurant service Aska, the chef, the fly restaurant service, the lounge fly restaurant service, the bar services, including the breseri and the panorama beach bar, the service was perfect, it was fantastic, thank you very much Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, thank you very much for being smiling, sincere and friendly and taking care of us, and especially Yilmaz Korkmaz, the chefs, his incredible conversation, his service, his taking care of us, providing every request we had every day, it was very nice, also thank you Alper Kaya, Ahmet Davaz, Ramazan Tez, we are glad that they have such chefs and staff, thank you, we will come again and recommend it to everyone in England. Comment: Hello ASKA Lara hotel Everything is perfect food service is great magnificent the best beautiful enjoyable hotel in Kundu region service quality food quality and beverage quality is perfect restaurant service perfect ASKA chef restaurant service magnificent lounge restaurant service thank you to the beautiful smiling staff ekin menevse meltem gokce chefs yilmaz korkmaz berkant kırik and managers ramazan tez ercan inci also thank you we will come again next year and recommend 38. Comment: The most beautiful, the best, the highest quality hotel in Kundu region, we came again, we will come again, we will always come, the hotel is very nice, the service quality is magnificent, fantastic, all the staff are smiling, the restaurant service and the panorama bar are magnificent, thank you to Mehmeti Karadag Ekin Menevse and of course Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Mustafa Cagatay, thank you Ramazan Tez, Ahmet Davaz, Ercan Inci, thank you very much, they brought an incredible, nice, friendly staff, we will recommend it to everyone and we will come again, also the Breseri bar service was very nice, 127. Comment: Dilara and Evren, who work at the Gardon bar, were extremely friendly and their cocktails were great 💕 We were very pleased, especially their interest in us, we liked the hotel very much, the service quality was very good, our holiday is going very well, thank you Aska team 💕❤️ 308. Ramazan, who controls the hotel staff in the dining area and bars, is very active and we constantly ran into each other while doing his checks everywhere. The staff is very friendly and always around you to ask if you need anything etc. The cleaning staff was very attentive. The dining hall staff is very attentive. We would like to thank the cafeteria staff, especially Ekin and Müzeyyen, who looked after the children's side. Some of the staff were Kyrgyz and they were very nice. The staff never left anything idle, they were very friendly and the service was very fast. I left their staff for last. I must open a separate parenthesis for the brasserie bar staff. We have caused trouble to the bar staff and I would like to thank them again. I did some research and I think the boss is happy with the staff that has been trained from the core. My room was very nice, and the cleaning staff did a good job. By the way, we would like to thank the cleaning staff, Mr. The restaurant staff is trying to be helpful, they are friendly and sincere, especially the waiter Nurullah Bey and the chef Yılmaz Bey. We expected the same attention and care in bars, but we didn't see it from anyone except some bar staff. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. Our arrival is the best and most beautiful of all hotels, I really say Aska, the food, the drinks, the service quality, the staff, everything, we say Aska, the garden side is very nice, it has been renewed and is perfect, the restaurant service Aska, the chef, the fly restaurant service, the lounge fly restaurant service, the bar services, including the breseri and the panorama beach bar, the service was perfect, it was fantastic, thank you very much Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, thank you very much for being smiling, sincere and friendly and taking care of us, and especially Yilmaz Korkmaz, the chefs, his incredible conversation, his service, his taking care of us, providing every request we had every day, it was very nice, also thank you Alper Kaya, Ahmet Davaz, Ramazan Tez, we are glad that they have such chefs and staff, thank you, we will come again and recommend it to everyone in England. We watched some of the night shows with our mouths open :) and now let's talk about the staff. But the staff is definitely friendly, the hygiene is great, the food and drink are unlimited! Cleanliness and staff behavior was quite good. Thank you to all hotel staff. The staff welcomed us with a smile throughout the holiday. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room, the food and especially the competence and attention of the staff. The service was also great, the staff were always friendly, helpful and did everything they could to make our holiday as enjoyable as possible. The best aspects are the friendly and professional staff, quality food, quality drinks and the fact that it is a very clean hotel. The reason I would come here again is the attention of the staff, the food and the simple pleasantness of the hotel. However, the most important factor that made our holiday so special was the friendly and professional approach of the hotel staff. From the reception to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, everyone made us feel at home. There is a lack of coordination; staff should increase their note-taking habits. From the moment we entered the hotel until we left, all the staff did their jobs with a smile. The hotel is a family-friendly hotel, brimming with managers and staff who have always managed to maintain a family atmosphere and customer satisfaction at the highest level. He sees the respect and approach of your staff towards you. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. Comment: Hello ASKA Lara hotel Everything is perfect food service is great magnificent the best beautiful enjoyable hotel in Kundu region service quality food quality and beverage quality is perfect restaurant service perfect ASKA chef restaurant service magnificent lounge restaurant service thank you to the beautiful smiling staff ekin menevse meltem gokce chefs yilmaz korkmaz berkant kırik and managers ramazan tez ercan inci also thank you we will come again next year and recommend 38. For the first time, we saw and felt that the hotel staff, from the animation to the bar, from the restaurant to the waiter, from the floor attendant to the reception, were working happily. All the staff were very helpful in every way. All the staff, especially Ziya and Cansu, were very caring and interested. As Room 3302, we would like to thank the animation, cleaning and food service staff. Since the hotel is crowded, the number of staff is insufficient and more work is required from less staff. Where should I start, Ayşe who cleaned our room was beautiful and sincere, thank you for everything, well done, Aska team, which is a great staff, my DJ joker dear brother, I wish we could bring you to Ankara with us. From the first moment I stepped into the hotel, I was impressed by the friendliness and professionalism of the staff. Thank you to all hotel staff for this wonderful holiday. It's great to get service from such amazing bar staff. We will come again for the bar team and all Aska staff. The animation shows, food, rooms and staff are great. The staff was generally very friendly and helpful. 90% of the staff was attentive, friendly and helpful. From the floor staff to the hotel doctor, from the waitresses and gentlemen in the pubs to the chefs, everyone was very attentive. The staff is very friendly and sufficient in number. The friendly, respectful and caring staff were the aspects that made the holiday more beautiful. Comment: In general, the hotel was nice, the staff was cheerful, the rooms were clean, I would like to thank Özgür from the animation team very much, I will definitely come again!!! We will be back again for the delicious cocktails and friendly bar staff at the bars. The staff is caring and helpful. Comment: Aska Lara hotel is the best hotel in Kundu region, you will understand as soon as you enter the hotel, magnificent hotel, magnificent service, restaurant service was perfect, launge restaurant service was great and fast, thanks to the smiling staff, thank you to Ozen Mehmet Goz, thank you to their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya 71. The food was average but the staff was very helpful. Even though we were not satisfied with the room cleaning, the waiter and bar staff were very friendly and hardworking. The hotel was full during the time we stayed and I think the number of staff should be increased. Despite the staff's constant rush, they could not reach everywhere, which caused stress and arguments among them. It was also unpleasant that the employee named Eser scolded 2 staff members in front of everyone at the restaurant. Apart from this incident, we would like to thank the staff for their friendliness and interest. The staff is very friendly. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are very clean, whatever they say is the best in this hotel, I can definitely say the quality of the food, in general the hotel is very good in terms of f/p. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. The hotel staff is very good at helping you, everything you wonder and want is answered immediately. I was very happy with the friendly and helpful attitude of all your staff, starting from the reception. They have caring staff in every area, especially in the lounge bar, Ms. As I researched and read in the comments, the hotel is very clean and the staff is extremely nice and hardworking. Kids club staff is very friendly. The staff is very friendly and good at their jobs. The staff's human relations are really bad, except for a few staff, I can only say that at 11 at night, my child fell asleep by putting the chairs together at the tables on the Wen't Wild side. The staff tried to clear the tables and say that they would. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. Comment: The hotel has a wonderful team who do a great job in every field, from sales representatives to cleaning staff. We had the opportunity to stay for 3 nights and 4 days, all the staff are working to make your job easier. The drink concept is great, the staff is very nice. I would also like to thank Aska Lara for her sensitive and caring staff. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. We would like to thank the nice concept in the lobby bar, the smiling staff, especially Ms. Ecem, the active staff in the Becah bar, Mr. Our staff takes the order themselves and delivers it to your table quickly. Also, the interest and friendliness of the staff in the restaurants and cafes were very good. The staff was extremely warm and friendly, they were very attentive to all our requests and fulfilled everything perfectly. Some of your staff (and also your waiters) are very sloppy and indifferent. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Comment: The food was delicious, the staff was always smiling, I was very pleased, we were very pleased with the staff, especially Mr. Comment: hello aska hotel we came for the first time with our big family the hotel is unbelievably beautiful we will definitely recommend it and we will definitely come the main restaurant service launge fly restaurant service aska chef service fantastic excellent and it was great thank you to mehmet kurt eda ertunga and their chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper kaya who took care of us the staff is very smiling and fast friendly ramazan tez ercan inci thank you for having such a staff everyone is great great service also thanks to ahmet davaz bey 122. The staff at the bar are hardworking and helpful. The staff was very friendly, positive and provided quick service. The staff is very friendly and do their job properly. Comment: The most beautiful, the best, the highest quality hotel in Kundu region, we came again, we will come again, we will always come, the hotel is very nice, the service quality is magnificent, fantastic, all the staff are smiling, the restaurant service and the panorama bar are magnificent, thank you to Mehmeti Karadag Ekin Menevse and of course Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Mustafa Cagatay, thank you Ramazan Tez, Ahmet Davaz, Ercan Inci, thank you very much, they brought an incredible, nice, friendly staff, we will recommend it to everyone and we will come again, also the Breseri bar service was very nice, 127. Comment: As my first experience, I can say it is perfect, I recommend it to those who haven't come here yet, with its cleanliness and friendly staff. The staff was friendly, respectful and attentive. Thank you aska staff🥰 128. Comment: The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. Comment: Otero I'll our arrival at the hotel from the day we arrived everything was perfect and nice the main restaurant service was fantastic fast great smiling staff friendly took care of us especially the restaurant chief yilmaz korkmaz yunus güven thank you very much waiter serhat babur is great ramazan tez and murat turute thank you for having such nice staff we will definitely come next year and recommend it the launge sinek restaurant service was perfect aska sef sinek restaurant service was great 131. The staff is friendly and helpful. Thanks to Mehmet, one of the restaurant service staff, for his polite and friendly service. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Hotel, we really came by looking at the comments, the hotel is magnificent, the food is delicious, the restaurant service is very fast and fantastic, the launge restaurant service is amazing, Aska Sef restaurant service is perfect, thank you very much to Eda Ertunha and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya who took care of us, they are very attentive and friendly, also thank you very much to Ramazan Tez, Murat Turut and Ercan Inci, they have professional staff, they are all very smiling, we will come again next year 135. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. The food is very good, the staff is very good, the bar staff is very friendly. Sureyha 3 from the cleaning staff. Comment: * The most positive aspect: First of all, all the staff are very polite and friendly...👏👏 * There is a parking problem, it is insufficient, the indoor parking lot and the outdoor parking lot are very small. The hotel staff is friendly and attentive to guests. All of the staff are very dedicated. I couldn't choose what to eat, those who are afraid of gaining weight should not enter the kitchen😋 especially Melih from the animation team, your energy is amazing, I hope you don't lose your energy😍 Gül and Ayşe, you are wonderful, I will never forget my threesome, Gül Hanım, who also takes care of my daughter, will never forget you in nature🥰 The only problem is that you have to go to the beach by bus, but the staff fills this gap. Comment: Aska Hotel is our first experience, we came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, the activities are very nice, the food is delicious, the main restaurant service, aska chef restaurant service and the lounge restaurants service were perfect, fast and smiling, thank you to serhat babur who took care of us, of course the chefs yilmaz korkmaz and yunus given, also thank you very much, thank you very much to ramazan tez and murat turute for having such beautiful and smiling staff, also thank you to halide for the lounge bar service, we will come again, see you soon, also thank you very much to ahmet davaz bey 150. We are very pleased with all the staff. Cleanliness, food, panorama bar, staff, animation were amazing... The floor staff was very attentive. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, the food is really great, the staff is smiling and fast, the restaurant service was perfect, the launge restaurant service was great, Aska Sef restaurant service was fantastic, many thanks to Melike Taşkan and Sef Yilmaz Korkumaz from the restaurant department, they took great care of us, also many thanks to Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci and Murat Turute, they have very nice staff, they are smiling, we will come again and recommend 155. Comment: Enjoy your holiday in the best and most beautiful hotel of Kundu region, everything is very nice and perfect, the staff is very friendly and fast, the restaurant service is fantastic, the launge restaurant service is perfect, thank you serhat babur, very good, fast and friendly, of course the chefs, especially yilmaz korkmaz, berkant kırik, yunus güven, very caring, professional chefs, thank you murat turut, ercan inci, we are glad to have you, we will come again next year and recommend love aska hotel 156. Comment: We came here after reading the comments, it is really a beautiful hotel, fantastic service, excellent service, the main restaurant service was excellent, many thanks to melike taşana and sefi yilmaz korkmaz, also thanks to ramazan tez and ercan inci for having such a cheerful staff, we will come again next year and recommend 158. Comment: The best hotel in Kundu region, perfect holiday, restaurant service is really perfect but when it comes to food, the same things are always served, there is no change, the food needs to be changed constantly, the animation was not enough but the staff is very smiling and the service is fast, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Yunus Guven, they took care of us, also many thanks to Mehmet Emin, we received very good service 161. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. Comment: We came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, beautiful, wonderful, main restaurant service, launge, sinek restaurant service, aska sef, sinek restaurant service is fantastic, incredible, fast, beautiful and smiling, eda ertunga and their chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, thank you very much, ramazan tez, ercan inci, thank you very much for having such professional, smiling staff, also thank you ahmet davaz, 163. The staff is friendly, especially Ms. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. Thanks to the helpful staff, every moment was enjoyable. Comment: The hotel is really nice, both in terms of location and the staff are really friendly, especially the restaurant service. I would like to thank all staff members who contributed. Endless thanks to Bar Waiter Eren, Panoroma employees, the staff who always left my room clean, and all the staff whose names I don't know who greeted me with a smile. It is a very nice hotel, the staff from A to Z are all very interested and smiling... All the staff are very caring, respectful and friendly. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The staff is friendly and the rooms are good. Ayşe” It is a nice hotel for families with children… Thanks to all the staff 181. Comment: I would like to thank all the staff who hosted us during our 4 night stay at the hotel. Comment: I would like to thank the staff and animation team for their friendly attitude and attention from the day we entered the hotel until we left. Comment: A wonderful hotel, very clean, very delicious food, all the staff are very good people, from the gardener to the senior executives. The staff was very friendly and energetic. Comment: We would like to thank the Reception staff at Aska Lara Hotel, especially Gökhan and İhsan and their team, they hosted us very well.|We would also like to thank the cleanliness of the hotel and most importantly the food. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, service, great friendly staff, delicious food, playgrounds and many activities, the main restaurant, laungee, bistro, Aska Chef, sinek, the service in the restaurants and bars was very fast and fantastic, the friendly staff took care of everyone, it was great, Ekin Menevse Gul Dag, Yusuf Demir, Mehmet Goz, Halide and Zeynep in the bars, Ebru and Eylem Kurtul, the restaurant chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut, Alper Kaya, Volkan Guler, also the managers, endless thanks to Ramazan Tez, very nice staff, the food is delicious and wonderful, and many workers we can't mention, thank you very much to everyone, we will come again next year, we will definitely recommend it, we will come especially for Yilmaz Korkmaz, Chef 192. Although we did not book a family room, the staff at the reception took special care and moved us to the annex family room. The staff is as attentive and caring as possible. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... The staff is very respectful. Comment: It deserves 5 stars with everything including room cleanliness, delicious food, friendly staff and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. Comment: The hotel's food, rooms, pools, sea and staff are excellent. Thanks to the hotel staff and love holidays. The staff works hard to provide good service and help you. Comment: We are very lucky to have a holiday in such a hotel fantastic service excellent service staff main restaurants and lounge bistro aska cheff sinek restaurant and bars service was perfect it was great lang bar halide and zeynep offered very nice drinks also restaurants chefs yilmaz korkmaz yunus geven murat turut mustafa çağatay bar chef ebru tufan kurtul aksiyon also thank you mr ramazan tez was very interested in us also thank you ekin menevse in the children's section her service with children was great including the children's club reception thank you very much everyone i can't name especially yilmaz korkmaz chef we will come again next year for the bar by the way the food is great delicious we will recommend it to everyone in the Netherlands hope to see you next year 202. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel in general, the food was varied and tasty, the staff was friendly, the rooms were cleaned regularly, I am very pleased with this, we also thank Özgür from the animation team for doing his best to make our holiday enjoyable, have a nice holiday 203. We thank him and the hotel staff. The staff is very well-intentioned and smiling. I would also like to thank the lifeguard Hasan Gokce and the other staff that I have forgotten. All of the staff are friendly and polite. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. The staff is friendly and quite fast. The rooms are clean and the staff does a good job. Comment: Beach bar staff was very polite. All the staff, especially the animation team, are friendly and attentive. Comment: Everything was perfect and the staff gave a very good service. Comment: The staff is very friendly. Comment: The staff and room cleaning were very nice, our smiling sister Ayse did her best for our peace, room 1287, I really recommend Aska Lara, 10 for family, 5 stars.. Halide's service was wonderful, it was wonderful, many thanks to Okkes Kahraman Ekin, Menevse Cetin Akcan and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut who took care of us, and also special thanks to Ramazan Tez who brought such a nice and smiling staff together. I would like to thank the reception staff very much. The staff is incredibly sweet and friendly. A lot of the staff are also very helpful. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the staff is very fast in providing service. The staff is very polite and kind, they do everything they can, especially Aziz Bek and Tolkun Bek in the restaurant section, we would like to thank them for their smiling faces. We were very pleased with everything about the hotel: rooms, cleanliness, staff, food. The hotel staff was very respectful and helpful. Comment: Everything is perfect, from the cleanliness of the rooms to the attentiveness of the staff, the animation team is very entertaining, it is a place where you can easily come without any questions in your mind. But despite all this, the staff was friendly and helpful. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Comment: First of all, we would like to thank the Hotel, which we have visited many times, for its friendly staff and services. Comment: Even though we came during a very busy period, the staff is very fast and can meet all your requests. We would like to thank all the staff for this wonderful stay. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with our family, the hotel was incredible, it was magnificent, I would recommend it to everyone, the lounge, bistro, asks, chef and anka restaurants and the launch bar, garden bar, pan, aroma bar, the service was magnificent, it was great, the staff was smiling, fast, friendly, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Halide and Zeynep Hanım who took care of us, also thank you to Yilmaz, Korkmaz, Alpert Kaya, Murat Turute, endless thanks, we will come again, especially for Yilmaz Bey 252. Comment: The rooms were very clean every time we came, for this I would like to thank Birgül Hanım and the other staff members. The staff is very attentive and takes very good care of them. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. Everything was great from the moment we arrived at the hotel, the food, drinks, service, smiling staff were great, the service at Aska Chef Launge restaurants was perfect. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank Aksa Lara sales office staff Mustafa Tuksal for his interest and attention, for me it was a safe personality and everything he told me about the hotel was exactly the same, today is our first day at the hotel, we came with my wife and children, it is a safe hotel for families and children, but again I would like to thank Mustafa Tuksal and his colleagues Ali and the hotel owner 🙏 I am sure that I will thank them until the day I leave the hotel 258. The interest of all the staff was great. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. Comment: We were pleased with the rooms, food and hotel staff. We especially thank our brother Ökkeş from the staff. The rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. Comment: This is our second visit to this hotel and we will come again next year, the food is great, the service is perfect, the main restaurant Aska chef and lounge, the sinek restaurant and bar, the slungel bar, the halide service and service is great, ekin menevse, baris oter and chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, yunus geven, alper kaya bar chef Eylem and ebru, thank you all, I also want to congratulate ramazan tez and his team, smiling staff, fast staff, thank you 267. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. The staff was very friendly and polite, they did everything they could to please the customers. Comment: The staff is wonderful and friendly. The staff was very attentive, especially Mr. The staff is very caring. The staff does everything without any duplication. The staff is friendly and the service is great. I asked the staff who cleans it, they said AYSE, we met her, she is a very cheerful and friendly sister, I thank her. Comment: The staff is friendly and attentive. The hauskeeping staff is very friendly. The staff is cheerful and all of them are very helpful. He is a very sincere and friendly staff. Comment: We loved the children's club, the staff is very attentive, very cheerful, my children have so much fun with them, their energy is amazing, I would like to thank all of them, especially Ms. Comment: We would like to thank all the staff for the service we have received in your room number 1414 since 05.06. The service of the staff was very good and friendly. First of all, the food is great, the staff is smiling and attentive. Fırat, for the friendliness of all the staff, and the service and housekeeping staff, especially Ms. Comment: Incredibly beautiful hotel, fantastic holiday pleasure, restaurant service is perfect, lounge restaurant service is great, aska chef restaurant service is great, thank you Mehmet Kurt, Eda Ertunha, chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, and also Murat Turut, Ercan Inci, thank you, beautiful staff, fast and smiling faces, and Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz, thank you. Thanks to the wonderful attention of Cansu Hanım in customer service, I found answers to all my questions quickly and politely, and I did not experience any problems during my holiday. Comment: The most beautiful, the best, the highest quality hotel in Kundu region, we came again, we will come again, we will always come, the hotel is very nice, the service quality is magnificent, fantastic, all the staff are smiling, the restaurant service and the panorama bar are magnificent, thank you to Mehmeti Karadag Ekin Menevse and of course Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Mustafa Cagatay, thank you Ramazan Tez, Ahmet Davaz, Ercan Inci, thank you very much, they brought an incredible, nice, friendly staff, we will recommend it to everyone and we will come again, also the Breseri bar service was very nice, 127. Comment: As my first experience, I can say it is perfect, I recommend it to those who haven't come here yet, with its cleanliness and friendly staff. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, service, great friendly staff, delicious food, playgrounds and many activities, the main restaurant, laungee, bistro, Aska Chef, sinek, the service in the restaurants and bars was very fast and fantastic, the friendly staff took care of everyone, it was great, Ekin Menevse Gul Dag, Yusuf Demir, Mehmet Goz, Halide and Zeynep in the bars, Ebru and Eylem Kurtul, the restaurant chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut, Alper Kaya, Volkan Guler, also the managers, endless thanks to Ramazan Tez, very nice staff, the food is delicious and wonderful, and many workers we can't mention, thank you very much to everyone, we will come again next year, we will definitely recommend it, we will come especially for Yilmaz Korkmaz, Chef 192. Comment: It deserves 5 stars with everything including room cleanliness, delicious food, friendly staff and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. Comment: First of all, we would like to thank the Hotel, which we have visited many times, for its friendly staff and services. He is a very sincere and friendly staff. The restaurant is spacious and the waiters are helpful, but there was a smell at the entrance of the restaurant, which was a bit disturbing, other than that we did not see the slightest problem. Comment: Even though we arrived at 8 in the morning, we put on our wristbands (Nuray was very helpful) and started the day with breakfast, which was quite diverse, 2. The restaurant staff is trying to be helpful, they are friendly and sincere, especially the waiter Nurullah Bey and the chef Yılmaz Bey. The service was also great, the staff were always friendly, helpful and did everything they could to make our holiday as enjoyable as possible. I will mention 2 things in particular, the food, the chefs are great, the taste is nice, the varieties are sufficient, the employees are very attentive and helpful. We arrived at the hotel and the security guard welcomed us first, he was very friendly and helpful. I think what I write here will be very helpful for those searching for a hotel. What caught our attention the most about the hotel is that all the employees we encountered were friendly and helpful. All the staff were very helpful in every way. The waiters are trying to be very helpful. The employees are friendly and helpful. The staff was generally very friendly and helpful. 90% of the staff was attentive, friendly and helpful. The employees are very warm and helpful. The staff is caring and helpful. The food was average but the staff was very helpful. I was very happy with the friendly and helpful attitude of all your staff, starting from the reception. And I was especially pleased with the friendliness, helpfulness and careful introduction of the hotel by Ms. Hasan Bey is helpful and smiling. Helpful and caring. The staff at the bar are hardworking and helpful. The staff is friendly and helpful. Sema is very caring and helpful towards customers, we conveyed our problems without any hesitation. Comment: We have been very pleased since the first day we came here, we have not had any problems, the cleaning is really good, the helpful ladies are very sweet and helpful, the food is very good, it is very clean and incredibly careful, there is no chance of you going hungry here, thank you for everything, and without forgetting Aska Lara's family, we would like to thank Mr. Thanks to the helpful staff, every moment was enjoyable. Yüksel was very sweet-talking and very helpful in every matter. Ihsan about upgrading my room, he was very helpful. They were very helpful. They were very helpful at the bar. The reception was very helpful with information, especially Ms. They were a smiling team who loved their job and were very helpful. The guest relations department was also very helpful. Also, Zarifa was very helpful for our children. A lot of the staff are also very helpful. The hotel staff was very respectful and helpful. But despite all this, the staff was friendly and helpful. THEY WERE HELPFUL AND SMILING. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. Hakan was very helpful in ordering. The staff is cheerful and all of them are very helpful. Ramazan, who controls the hotel staff in the dining area and bars, is very active and we constantly ran into each other while doing his checks everywhere. The staff is very friendly and always around you to ask if you need anything etc. The cleaning staff was very attentive. The dining hall staff is very attentive. We would like to thank the cafeteria staff, especially Ekin and Müzeyyen, who looked after the children's side. Some of the staff were Kyrgyz and they were very nice. The staff never left anything idle, they were very friendly and the service was very fast. I left their staff for last. I must open a separate parenthesis for the brasserie bar staff. We have caused trouble to the bar staff and I would like to thank them again. I did some research and I think the boss is happy with the staff that has been trained from the core. My room was very nice, and the cleaning staff did a good job. By the way, we would like to thank the cleaning staff, Mr. The restaurant staff is trying to be helpful, they are friendly and sincere, especially the waiter Nurullah Bey and the chef Yılmaz Bey. We expected the same attention and care in bars, but we didn't see it from anyone except some bar staff. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. Our arrival is the best and most beautiful of all hotels, I really say Aska, the food, the drinks, the service quality, the staff, everything, we say Aska, the garden side is very nice, it has been renewed and is perfect, the restaurant service Aska, the chef, the fly restaurant service, the lounge fly restaurant service, the bar services, including the breseri and the panorama beach bar, the service was perfect, it was fantastic, thank you very much Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, thank you very much for being smiling, sincere and friendly and taking care of us, and especially Yilmaz Korkmaz, the chefs, his incredible conversation, his service, his taking care of us, providing every request we had every day, it was very nice, also thank you Alper Kaya, Ahmet Davaz, Ramazan Tez, we are glad that they have such chefs and staff, thank you, we will come again and recommend it to everyone in England. We watched some of the night shows with our mouths open :) and now let's talk about the staff. But the staff is definitely friendly, the hygiene is great, the food and drink are unlimited! Cleanliness and staff behavior was quite good. Thank you to all hotel staff. The staff welcomed us with a smile throughout the holiday. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room, the food and especially the competence and attention of the staff. The service was also great, the staff were always friendly, helpful and did everything they could to make our holiday as enjoyable as possible. The best aspects are the friendly and professional staff, quality food, quality drinks and the fact that it is a very clean hotel. The reason I would come here again is the attention of the staff, the food and the simple pleasantness of the hotel. However, the most important factor that made our holiday so special was the friendly and professional approach of the hotel staff. From the reception to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, everyone made us feel at home. There is a lack of coordination; staff should increase their note-taking habits. From the moment we entered the hotel until we left, all the staff did their jobs with a smile. The hotel is a family-friendly hotel, brimming with managers and staff who have always managed to maintain a family atmosphere and customer satisfaction at the highest level. He sees the respect and approach of your staff towards you. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. Comment: Hello ASKA Lara hotel Everything is perfect food service is great magnificent the best beautiful enjoyable hotel in Kundu region service quality food quality and beverage quality is perfect restaurant service perfect ASKA chef restaurant service magnificent lounge restaurant service thank you to the beautiful smiling staff ekin menevse meltem gokce chefs yilmaz korkmaz berkant kırik and managers ramazan tez ercan inci also thank you we will come again next year and recommend 38. For the first time, we saw and felt that the hotel staff, from the animation to the bar, from the restaurant to the waiter, from the floor attendant to the reception, were working happily. All the staff were very helpful in every way. All the staff, especially Ziya and Cansu, were very caring and interested. As Room 3302, we would like to thank the animation, cleaning and food service staff. Since the hotel is crowded, the number of staff is insufficient and more work is required from less staff. Where should I start, Ayşe who cleaned our room was beautiful and sincere, thank you for everything, well done, Aska team, which is a great staff, my DJ joker dear brother, I wish we could bring you to Ankara with us. From the first moment I stepped into the hotel, I was impressed by the friendliness and professionalism of the staff. Thank you to all hotel staff for this wonderful holiday. It's great to get service from such amazing bar staff. We will come again for the bar team and all Aska staff. The animation shows, food, rooms and staff are great. The staff was generally very friendly and helpful. 90% of the staff was attentive, friendly and helpful. From the floor staff to the hotel doctor, from the waitresses and gentlemen in the pubs to the chefs, everyone was very attentive. The staff is very friendly and sufficient in number. The friendly, respectful and caring staff were the aspects that made the holiday more beautiful. Comment: In general, the hotel was nice, the staff was cheerful, the rooms were clean, I would like to thank Özgür from the animation team very much, I will definitely come again!!! We will be back again for the delicious cocktails and friendly bar staff at the bars. The staff is caring and helpful. Comment: Aska Lara hotel is the best hotel in Kundu region, you will understand as soon as you enter the hotel, magnificent hotel, magnificent service, restaurant service was perfect, launge restaurant service was great and fast, thanks to the smiling staff, thank you to Ozen Mehmet Goz, thank you to their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya 71. The food was average but the staff was very helpful. Even though we were not satisfied with the room cleaning, the waiter and bar staff were very friendly and hardworking. The hotel was full during the time we stayed and I think the number of staff should be increased. Despite the staff's constant rush, they could not reach everywhere, which caused stress and arguments among them. It was also unpleasant that the employee named Eser scolded 2 staff members in front of everyone at the restaurant. Apart from this incident, we would like to thank the staff for their friendliness and interest. The staff is very friendly. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are very clean, whatever they say is the best in this hotel, I can definitely say the quality of the food, in general the hotel is very good in terms of f/p. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. The hotel staff is very good at helping you, everything you wonder and want is answered immediately. I was very happy with the friendly and helpful attitude of all your staff, starting from the reception. They have caring staff in every area, especially in the lounge bar, Ms. As I researched and read in the comments, the hotel is very clean and the staff is extremely nice and hardworking. Kids club staff is very friendly. The staff is very friendly and good at their jobs. The staff's human relations are really bad, except for a few staff, I can only say that at 11 at night, my child fell asleep by putting the chairs together at the tables on the Wen't Wild side. The staff tried to clear the tables and say that they would. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. Comment: The hotel has a wonderful team who do a great job in every field, from sales representatives to cleaning staff. We had the opportunity to stay for 3 nights and 4 days, all the staff are working to make your job easier. The drink concept is great, the staff is very nice. I would also like to thank Aska Lara for her sensitive and caring staff. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. We would like to thank the nice concept in the lobby bar, the smiling staff, especially Ms. Ecem, the active staff in the Becah bar, Mr. Our staff takes the order themselves and delivers it to your table quickly. Also, the interest and friendliness of the staff in the restaurants and cafes were very good. The staff was extremely warm and friendly, they were very attentive to all our requests and fulfilled everything perfectly. Some of your staff (and also your waiters) are very sloppy and indifferent. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Comment: The food was delicious, the staff was always smiling, I was very pleased, we were very pleased with the staff, especially Mr. Comment: hello aska hotel we came for the first time with our big family the hotel is unbelievably beautiful we will definitely recommend it and we will definitely come the main restaurant service launge fly restaurant service aska chef service fantastic excellent and it was great thank you to mehmet kurt eda ertunga and their chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper kaya who took care of us the staff is very smiling and fast friendly ramazan tez ercan inci thank you for having such a staff everyone is great great service also thanks to ahmet davaz bey 122. The staff at the bar are hardworking and helpful. The staff was very friendly, positive and provided quick service. The staff is very friendly and do their job properly. Comment: The most beautiful, the best, the highest quality hotel in Kundu region, we came again, we will come again, we will always come, the hotel is very nice, the service quality is magnificent, fantastic, all the staff are smiling, the restaurant service and the panorama bar are magnificent, thank you to Mehmeti Karadag Ekin Menevse and of course Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Mustafa Cagatay, thank you Ramazan Tez, Ahmet Davaz, Ercan Inci, thank you very much, they brought an incredible, nice, friendly staff, we will recommend it to everyone and we will come again, also the Breseri bar service was very nice, 127. Comment: As my first experience, I can say it is perfect, I recommend it to those who haven't come here yet, with its cleanliness and friendly staff. The staff was friendly, respectful and attentive. Thank you aska staff🥰 128. Comment: The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. Comment: Otero I'll our arrival at the hotel from the day we arrived everything was perfect and nice the main restaurant service was fantastic fast great smiling staff friendly took care of us especially the restaurant chief yilmaz korkmaz yunus güven thank you very much waiter serhat babur is great ramazan tez and murat turute thank you for having such nice staff we will definitely come next year and recommend it the launge sinek restaurant service was perfect aska sef sinek restaurant service was great 131. The staff is friendly and helpful. Thanks to Mehmet, one of the restaurant service staff, for his polite and friendly service. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Hotel, we really came by looking at the comments, the hotel is magnificent, the food is delicious, the restaurant service is very fast and fantastic, the launge restaurant service is amazing, Aska Sef restaurant service is perfect, thank you very much to Eda Ertunha and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya who took care of us, they are very attentive and friendly, also thank you very much to Ramazan Tez, Murat Turut and Ercan Inci, they have professional staff, they are all very smiling, we will come again next year 135. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. The food is very good, the staff is very good, the bar staff is very friendly. Sureyha 3 from the cleaning staff. Comment: * The most positive aspect: First of all, all the staff are very polite and friendly...👏👏 * There is a parking problem, it is insufficient, the indoor parking lot and the outdoor parking lot are very small. The hotel staff is friendly and attentive to guests. All of the staff are very dedicated. I couldn't choose what to eat, those who are afraid of gaining weight should not enter the kitchen😋 especially Melih from the animation team, your energy is amazing, I hope you don't lose your energy😍 Gül and Ayşe, you are wonderful, I will never forget my threesome, Gül Hanım, who also takes care of my daughter, will never forget you in nature🥰 The only problem is that you have to go to the beach by bus, but the staff fills this gap. Comment: Aska Hotel is our first experience, we came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, the activities are very nice, the food is delicious, the main restaurant service, aska chef restaurant service and the lounge restaurants service were perfect, fast and smiling, thank you to serhat babur who took care of us, of course the chefs yilmaz korkmaz and yunus given, also thank you very much, thank you very much to ramazan tez and murat turute for having such beautiful and smiling staff, also thank you to halide for the lounge bar service, we will come again, see you soon, also thank you very much to ahmet davaz bey 150. We are very pleased with all the staff. Cleanliness, food, panorama bar, staff, animation were amazing... The floor staff was very attentive. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, the food is really great, the staff is smiling and fast, the restaurant service was perfect, the launge restaurant service was great, Aska Sef restaurant service was fantastic, many thanks to Melike Taşkan and Sef Yilmaz Korkumaz from the restaurant department, they took great care of us, also many thanks to Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci and Murat Turute, they have very nice staff, they are smiling, we will come again and recommend 155. Comment: Enjoy your holiday in the best and most beautiful hotel of Kundu region, everything is very nice and perfect, the staff is very friendly and fast, the restaurant service is fantastic, the launge restaurant service is perfect, thank you serhat babur, very good, fast and friendly, of course the chefs, especially yilmaz korkmaz, berkant kırik, yunus güven, very caring, professional chefs, thank you murat turut, ercan inci, we are glad to have you, we will come again next year and recommend love aska hotel 156. Comment: We came here after reading the comments, it is really a beautiful hotel, fantastic service, excellent service, the main restaurant service was excellent, many thanks to melike taşana and sefi yilmaz korkmaz, also thanks to ramazan tez and ercan inci for having such a cheerful staff, we will come again next year and recommend 158. Comment: The best hotel in Kundu region, perfect holiday, restaurant service is really perfect but when it comes to food, the same things are always served, there is no change, the food needs to be changed constantly, the animation was not enough but the staff is very smiling and the service is fast, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Yunus Guven, they took care of us, also many thanks to Mehmet Emin, we received very good service 161. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. Comment: We came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, beautiful, wonderful, main restaurant service, launge, sinek restaurant service, aska sef, sinek restaurant service is fantastic, incredible, fast, beautiful and smiling, eda ertunga and their chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, thank you very much, ramazan tez, ercan inci, thank you very much for having such professional, smiling staff, also thank you ahmet davaz, 163. The staff is friendly, especially Ms. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. Thanks to the helpful staff, every moment was enjoyable. Comment: The hotel is really nice, both in terms of location and the staff are really friendly, especially the restaurant service. I would like to thank all staff members who contributed. Endless thanks to Bar Waiter Eren, Panoroma employees, the staff who always left my room clean, and all the staff whose names I don't know who greeted me with a smile. It is a very nice hotel, the staff from A to Z are all very interested and smiling... All the staff are very caring, respectful and friendly. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The staff is friendly and the rooms are good. Ayşe” It is a nice hotel for families with children… Thanks to all the staff 181. Comment: I would like to thank all the staff who hosted us during our 4 night stay at the hotel. Comment: I would like to thank the staff and animation team for their friendly attitude and attention from the day we entered the hotel until we left. Comment: A wonderful hotel, very clean, very delicious food, all the staff are very good people, from the gardener to the senior executives. The staff was very friendly and energetic. Comment: We would like to thank the Reception staff at Aska Lara Hotel, especially Gökhan and İhsan and their team, they hosted us very well.|We would also like to thank the cleanliness of the hotel and most importantly the food. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, service, great friendly staff, delicious food, playgrounds and many activities, the main restaurant, laungee, bistro, Aska Chef, sinek, the service in the restaurants and bars was very fast and fantastic, the friendly staff took care of everyone, it was great, Ekin Menevse Gul Dag, Yusuf Demir, Mehmet Goz, Halide and Zeynep in the bars, Ebru and Eylem Kurtul, the restaurant chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut, Alper Kaya, Volkan Guler, also the managers, endless thanks to Ramazan Tez, very nice staff, the food is delicious and wonderful, and many workers we can't mention, thank you very much to everyone, we will come again next year, we will definitely recommend it, we will come especially for Yilmaz Korkmaz, Chef 192. Although we did not book a family room, the staff at the reception took special care and moved us to the annex family room. The staff is as attentive and caring as possible. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... The staff is very respectful. Comment: It deserves 5 stars with everything including room cleanliness, delicious food, friendly staff and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. Comment: The hotel's food, rooms, pools, sea and staff are excellent. Thanks to the hotel staff and love holidays. The staff works hard to provide good service and help you. Comment: We are very lucky to have a holiday in such a hotel fantastic service excellent service staff main restaurants and lounge bistro aska cheff sinek restaurant and bars service was perfect it was great lang bar halide and zeynep offered very nice drinks also restaurants chefs yilmaz korkmaz yunus geven murat turut mustafa çağatay bar chef ebru tufan kurtul aksiyon also thank you mr ramazan tez was very interested in us also thank you ekin menevse in the children's section her service with children was great including the children's club reception thank you very much everyone i can't name especially yilmaz korkmaz chef we will come again next year for the bar by the way the food is great delicious we will recommend it to everyone in the Netherlands hope to see you next year 202. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel in general, the food was varied and tasty, the staff was friendly, the rooms were cleaned regularly, I am very pleased with this, we also thank Özgür from the animation team for doing his best to make our holiday enjoyable, have a nice holiday 203. We thank him and the hotel staff. The staff is very well-intentioned and smiling. I would also like to thank the lifeguard Hasan Gokce and the other staff that I have forgotten. All of the staff are friendly and polite. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. The staff is friendly and quite fast. The rooms are clean and the staff does a good job. Comment: Beach bar staff was very polite. All the staff, especially the animation team, are friendly and attentive. Comment: Everything was perfect and the staff gave a very good service. Comment: The staff is very friendly. Comment: The staff and room cleaning were very nice, our smiling sister Ayse did her best for our peace, room 1287, I really recommend Aska Lara, 10 for family, 5 stars.. Halide's service was wonderful, it was wonderful, many thanks to Okkes Kahraman Ekin, Menevse Cetin Akcan and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut who took care of us, and also special thanks to Ramazan Tez who brought such a nice and smiling staff together. I would like to thank the reception staff very much. The staff is incredibly sweet and friendly. A lot of the staff are also very helpful. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the staff is very fast in providing service. The staff is very polite and kind, they do everything they can, especially Aziz Bek and Tolkun Bek in the restaurant section, we would like to thank them for their smiling faces. We were very pleased with everything about the hotel: rooms, cleanliness, staff, food. The hotel staff was very respectful and helpful. Comment: Everything is perfect, from the cleanliness of the rooms to the attentiveness of the staff, the animation team is very entertaining, it is a place where you can easily come without any questions in your mind. But despite all this, the staff was friendly and helpful. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Comment: First of all, we would like to thank the Hotel, which we have visited many times, for its friendly staff and services. Comment: Even though we came during a very busy period, the staff is very fast and can meet all your requests. We would like to thank all the staff for this wonderful stay. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with our family, the hotel was incredible, it was magnificent, I would recommend it to everyone, the lounge, bistro, asks, chef and anka restaurants and the launch bar, garden bar, pan, aroma bar, the service was magnificent, it was great, the staff was smiling, fast, friendly, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Halide and Zeynep Hanım who took care of us, also thank you to Yilmaz, Korkmaz, Alpert Kaya, Murat Turute, endless thanks, we will come again, especially for Yilmaz Bey 252. Comment: The rooms were very clean every time we came, for this I would like to thank Birgül Hanım and the other staff members. The staff is very attentive and takes very good care of them. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. Everything was great from the moment we arrived at the hotel, the food, drinks, service, smiling staff were great, the service at Aska Chef Launge restaurants was perfect. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank Aksa Lara sales office staff Mustafa Tuksal for his interest and attention, for me it was a safe personality and everything he told me about the hotel was exactly the same, today is our first day at the hotel, we came with my wife and children, it is a safe hotel for families and children, but again I would like to thank Mustafa Tuksal and his colleagues Ali and the hotel owner 🙏 I am sure that I will thank them until the day I leave the hotel 258. The interest of all the staff was great. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. Comment: We were pleased with the rooms, food and hotel staff. We especially thank our brother Ökkeş from the staff. The rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. Comment: This is our second visit to this hotel and we will come again next year, the food is great, the service is perfect, the main restaurant Aska chef and lounge, the sinek restaurant and bar, the slungel bar, the halide service and service is great, ekin menevse, baris oter and chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, yunus geven, alper kaya bar chef Eylem and ebru, thank you all, I also want to congratulate ramazan tez and his team, smiling staff, fast staff, thank you 267. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. The staff was very friendly and polite, they did everything they could to please the customers. Comment: The staff is wonderful and friendly. The staff was very attentive, especially Mr. The staff is very caring. The staff does everything without any duplication. The staff is friendly and the service is great. I asked the staff who cleans it, they said AYSE, we met her, she is a very cheerful and friendly sister, I thank her. Comment: The staff is friendly and attentive. The hauskeeping staff is very friendly. The staff is cheerful and all of them are very helpful. He is a very sincere and friendly staff. Comment: We loved the children's club, the staff is very attentive, very cheerful, my children have so much fun with them, their energy is amazing, I would like to thank all of them, especially Ms. Comment: We would like to thank all the staff for the service we have received in your room number 1414 since 05.06. The service of the staff was very good and friendly. First of all, the food is great, the staff is smiling and attentive. Fırat, for the friendliness of all the staff, and the service and housekeeping staff, especially Ms. Comment: Incredibly beautiful hotel, fantastic holiday pleasure, restaurant service is perfect, lounge restaurant service is great, aska chef restaurant service is great, thank you Mehmet Kurt, Eda Ertunha, chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, and also Murat Turut, Ercan Inci, thank you, beautiful staff, fast and smiling faces, and Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz, thank you. There is a shuttle service for the pool and the beach, it departs every minute, and the beach is very close within walking distance. The team that organizes the activities and entertainment of the hotel and the team that carries out the activities at the pool during the day and in the arena in the evening are always the same and it is obvious that they are tired and do not have fun, this energy is transferred to all the guests, and every service that the employees are not happy with reflects on us, the guests. Even though we arrived at the hotel early, he said we could benefit from the services until our room was ready. The staff never left anything idle, they were very friendly and the service was very fast. Should we decorate your room or the table?" I was surprised, to be honest, I did not expect such a service. Berkant and his team for hosting us at the A la Carte restaurant on the last day and for their smiling faces and service that made us love Far Eastern cuisine. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. Our arrival is the best and most beautiful of all hotels, I really say Aska, the food, the drinks, the service quality, the staff, everything, we say Aska, the garden side is very nice, it has been renewed and is perfect, the restaurant service Aska, the chef, the fly restaurant service, the lounge fly restaurant service, the bar services, including the breseri and the panorama beach bar, the service was perfect, it was fantastic, thank you very much Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, thank you very much for being smiling, sincere and friendly and taking care of us, and especially Yilmaz Korkmaz, the chefs, his incredible conversation, his service, his taking care of us, providing every request we had every day, it was very nice, also thank you Alper Kaya, Ahmet Davaz, Ramazan Tez, we are glad that they have such chefs and staff, thank you, we will come again and recommend it to everyone in England. Hygiene, variety, taste and service are great. The hotel has a two-part area, but the distance is short and there is a shuttle service at very frequent intervals throughout the day, we had no problems with this. There are two restaurants and bars in this area where you can have something to eat and which also have service. We think that a-la carte restaurants should be improved in terms of menu and service. The service was also great, the staff were always friendly, helpful and did everything they could to make our holiday as enjoyable as possible. Food and drink service is available almost always. During our meals, they quickly fulfilled all our requests and always provided service with a smile. When asked if I would come again, I am satisfied with some of the hotel's services and not with others. We received a quality service. It is said that you can access information from the QR code on the card, but it only says restaurant and bar service hours and paid/free services. You can walk from the main building to the beach in 5 minutes, but there are shuttle services from the main hotel building to the beach every 5 minutes and you can be there in 2 minutes. I would like to commend the employees of the grill section of the restaurant, who did not neglect to provide impeccable service by circling around the customers like a propeller, and our brother MEHMET EMİN SELÇUK, whose name I learned later, for their devoted work. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. We thank them very much for their friendly service and of course their coffee, also where we went to enjoy coffee, and we thank Melisa again for her friendly service, the bar service was incredible and beautiful, also thanks to Kurt Bey 37. Comment: Hello ASKA Lara hotel Everything is perfect food service is great magnificent the best beautiful enjoyable hotel in Kundu region service quality food quality and beverage quality is perfect restaurant service perfect ASKA chef restaurant service magnificent lounge restaurant service thank you to the beautiful smiling staff ekin menevse meltem gokce chefs yilmaz korkmaz berkant kırik and managers ramazan tez ercan inci also thank you we will come again next year and recommend 38. Comment: This is our second time coming to Aska Hotel, the hotel was beautiful, it has become much more beautiful, thank you to everyone, an incredible holiday, the food, the drinks, the pool, the garden, everything was great, the main restaurant service, the lounge service, Aska chef service was perfect, fast and smiling, many thanks to Kürşat Günenire, Sila Karaca, Ekin Menekşe and their chef Tatbiki Yılmaz Korkumaz for taking care of us, thank you very much for making us feel at home, we will definitely come again next year and recommend it to everyone, we will come especially for Chef Yılmaz Korkumaz 43. As Room 3302, we would like to thank the animation, cleaning and food service staff. All the food is extremely delicious, the service is top notch. Thanks to the wonderful attention of Cansu Hanım in customer service, I found answers to all my questions quickly and politely, and I did not experience any problems during my holiday. The flawless service of Mr. Waiters Hakan, Ökkeş, Zadar and especially Birindar, whom I liked very much, always pleased us with their friendly and fast service. I would like to thank each and every one of them for their sincere and attentive service. Especially the spa services made our holiday even more relaxing. It's great to get service from such amazing bar staff. The bar service is absolutely wonderful. - ASKA Germany GmbH was established in 2015 and the President Hotel in Berlin, Germany was taken over and put into service. Comment: Expectations are truly met in terms of service and entertainment. The only question mark seems to be that the beach part is separate from the hotel, but since both the beach part is within walking distance and there are constant services inside, there is no problem. If there is even the slightest problem, guest services takes care of it immediately. It is possible to reach the aquapark and entertainment area with the wet'n wild shuttle service. Comment: It was wonderful from the first entrance, everything, attention, service, food, hygiene, everything was perfect. Comment: A very nice hotel, I liked the food, service, sincerity and smiling faces. Comment: The service in the bars is very good, especially the Panorama Bar, Brasserie Bar, Pool Bar, Central Bar, Beach Bar, Aska Chef Bar, Lounge Bar and Garden Bar has great service, the cocktails were excellent. Comment: Aska Lara hotel is the best hotel in Kundu region, you will understand as soon as you enter the hotel, magnificent hotel, magnificent service, restaurant service was perfect, launge restaurant service was great and fast, thanks to the smiling staff, thank you to Ozen Mehmet Goz, thank you to their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya 71. While we were waiting for the wedding time during the day, the service team working on the patisserie side was really good. Comment: It was a great experience for us, there is a quality service approach in the hotel, Mr. The rooms in the main building are good, there is daily room service and internet connection in all facilities. There is a bus shuttle service to get there, it is a 5-minute walk and the main road passes in between. To summarize briefly: Hotel and rooms 6 out of 10 Food 6 Service 3 Cleanliness 7 My advice is that better hotels can be found for the same price or pay a little more and choose a better, more compact hotel. But shuttle services depart every 5 minutes. The service is very friendly and accommodating. I would especially like to thank Özge Hanım and Hasibe Chef at the Brasserie for their smiling faces and quality service. Özkan, who did room service, had not changed the sheets and had put in the missing bathroom items, so the night shift came and fixed everything again. Comment: We received an incredibly caring, friendly and super service from Tuncay Bey at the reception, Kürşat Bey at the service, Barış Bey, and Ceylan Hanım. There was no limit to the service. -However, I would like to point out that it has a restaurant that is far better than many hotels in terms of food service. Comment: We were pleased with the service of our waitress Gül Hanım Hıcran Gökçe, the restaurant service Yunus, Chef Mustafa Çağatay Yılmaz Korkumaz and the managers. We stayed at number 1107, the cleaning service was very good, I can say that it was the situation that I was most pleased with. The service is truly top notch. Thank you so much for providing us with service with these decent people and making us feel like a family. Comment: Aska Hotel, our first hotel experience in Antalya, has a great atmosphere and wonderful service. Oktay Bey and Ferhat are energetic at the Lower Beach bar and Evren Hanım at the Garden bar provide very good service. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel, the location and service were very good, we stayed for 4 nights and 5 days, the food was average. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. A successful service is offered in terms of food and beverage. Ferhat, the coffee concept in the Starbucks bar and the fast service. Don't be confused by the shuttle service from the hotel to the pool and entertainment areas. I also congratulate the managers, if desired, they can provide service for years without stepping out of line, the best proof of which is Aska Lara… 115. We received service from a professional and friendly team, I definitely recommend it!" 116. Almas, he provides very fast service and works everywhere, as far as I have observed, he is one of the best people there. Comment: hello aska hotel we came for the first time with our big family the hotel is unbelievably beautiful we will definitely recommend it and we will definitely come the main restaurant service launge fly restaurant service aska chef service fantastic excellent and it was great thank you to mehmet kurt eda ertunga and their chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper kaya who took care of us the staff is very smiling and fast friendly ramazan tez ercan inci thank you for having such a staff everyone is great great service also thanks to ahmet davaz bey 122. The staff was very friendly, positive and provided quick service. There was no limit or flaw in the service. There is a shuttle service but it is a bit far. Comment: The most beautiful, the best, the highest quality hotel in Kundu region, we came again, we will come again, we will always come, the hotel is very nice, the service quality is magnificent, fantastic, all the staff are smiling, the restaurant service and the panorama bar are magnificent, thank you to Mehmeti Karadag Ekin Menevse and of course Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Mustafa Cagatay, thank you Ramazan Tez, Ahmet Davaz, Ercan Inci, thank you very much, they brought an incredible, nice, friendly staff, we will recommend it to everyone and we will come again, also the Breseri bar service was very nice, 127. Comment: We were very pleased with everything, including the service, hygiene, and the sincerity of the employees. Comment: Otero I'll our arrival at the hotel from the day we arrived everything was perfect and nice the main restaurant service was fantastic fast great smiling staff friendly took care of us especially the restaurant chief yilmaz korkmaz yunus güven thank you very much waiter serhat babur is great ramazan tez and murat turute thank you for having such nice staff we will definitely come next year and recommend it the launge sinek restaurant service was perfect aska sef sinek restaurant service was great 131. We stayed in room 1632 it was magnificent the food was wonderful the garden bah e was very nice the hotel was really nice it got even more beautiful the restaurant service aska chef service lounge bistro service was perfect it was fantastic thank you to cetin akcan ekin menevse who took care of us and chefs yilmaz korkmaza murat turute also many thanks to ramazan tez and his team we also thank ramazan tez for taking care of us thank you to everyone for the perfect smiling service 133. Thanks to Mehmet, one of the restaurant service staff, for his polite and friendly service. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Hotel, we really came by looking at the comments, the hotel is magnificent, the food is delicious, the restaurant service is very fast and fantastic, the launge restaurant service is amazing, Aska Sef restaurant service is perfect, thank you very much to Eda Ertunha and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya who took care of us, they are very attentive and friendly, also thank you very much to Ramazan Tez, Murat Turut and Ercan Inci, they have professional staff, they are all very smiling, we will come again next year 135. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. Comment: This is our second time coming to Aska hotel, everything was better than the previous one, the service, the garden side was great, we will definitely come again next year and recommend it, the restaurant service was very good, the lounge restaurant service was perfect, the Aska Sef restaurant service was magnificent, Ekin Menevse and the chefs Yılmaz Korkmaz Yunus Guven and the managers Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci, Murat Turute, thank you very much for providing such a smiling service, the lounge bar Halide Panaroma Buse service and services were very good 137. There is a shuttle service from the hotel to the beach. Brother Hamza, the evening service in front of the beach, is a very hardworking, respectful person who tried to get everywhere, thank you. I would like to thank everyone for their services. The food and service were close to perfect. The food, presentation and service were excellent. This is our second stay at ASKA, everything from hospitality to entertainment to house cleaning service is under control and perfect. This is our second time staying with a ASKA and they never fail, from hospitality to entertainment to domestic cleaning service, everything is in check and outstanding. Comment: Aska Hotel is our first experience, we came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, the activities are very nice, the food is delicious, the main restaurant service, aska chef restaurant service and the lounge restaurants service were perfect, fast and smiling, thank you to serhat babur who took care of us, of course the chefs yilmaz korkmaz and yunus given, also thank you very much, thank you very much to ramazan tez and murat turute for having such beautiful and smiling staff, also thank you to halide for the lounge bar service, we will come again, see you soon, also thank you very much to ahmet davaz bey 150. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, the food is really great, the staff is smiling and fast, the restaurant service was perfect, the launge restaurant service was great, Aska Sef restaurant service was fantastic, many thanks to Melike Taşkan and Sef Yilmaz Korkumaz from the restaurant department, they took great care of us, also many thanks to Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci and Murat Turute, they have very nice staff, they are smiling, we will come again and recommend 155. Comment: Enjoy your holiday in the best and most beautiful hotel of Kundu region, everything is very nice and perfect, the staff is very friendly and fast, the restaurant service is fantastic, the launge restaurant service is perfect, thank you serhat babur, very good, fast and friendly, of course the chefs, especially yilmaz korkmaz, berkant kırik, yunus güven, very caring, professional chefs, thank you murat turut, ercan inci, we are glad to have you, we will come again next year and recommend love aska hotel 156. Comment: Hotel we come first hotel very nice great incredible restaurant service fantastic lounge restaurant service wanderfull aska sinek restaurant service wonderful personnel very smiling friendly mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut great service chef yilmaz korkmaz yunus güven alper kaya great thanks also Ramazan tez écran inci thanks for being such smiling professional personnel 157. Comment: We came here after reading the comments, it is really a beautiful hotel, fantastic service, excellent service, the main restaurant service was excellent, many thanks to melike taşana and sefi yilmaz korkmaz, also thanks to ramazan tez and ercan inci for having such a cheerful staff, we will come again next year and recommend 158. Comment: The best hotel in Kundu region, perfect holiday, restaurant service is really perfect but when it comes to food, the same things are always served, there is no change, the food needs to be changed constantly, the animation was not enough but the staff is very smiling and the service is fast, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Yunus Guven, they took care of us, also many thanks to Mehmet Emin, we received very good service 161. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. Ecem at the panorama bar is very attentive, the service is very fast. The service at the Braserie bar is very good, the service is fast, the attention to customers is very good 162. Comment: We came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, beautiful, wonderful, main restaurant service, launge, sinek restaurant service, aska sef, sinek restaurant service is fantastic, incredible, fast, beautiful and smiling, eda ertunga and their chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, thank you very much, ramazan tez, ercan inci, thank you very much for having such professional, smiling staff, also thank you ahmet davaz, 163. The main restaurant service, Aska Chef restaurant service and lounge, Sinek restaurant services and bar services were fantastic. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. We had an unforgettable holiday thanks to the family atmosphere, comfort and friendly service. Comment: The hotel is really nice, both in terms of location and the staff are really friendly, especially the restaurant service. We thank them for their service. Comment: Everything was absolutely perfect and wonderful, the service, the approach of the employees, the attention, the services, the animation team and the shows they prepared were very enjoyable, I had a great week, I hope I can come again, the only problem is that transportation is a problem for those who come from the center without a vehicle, and it can be a problem for returning, other than that everything was absolutely wonderful, 170. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, service, great friendly staff, delicious food, playgrounds and many activities, the main restaurant, laungee, bistro, Aska Chef, sinek, the service in the restaurants and bars was very fast and fantastic, the friendly staff took care of everyone, it was great, Ekin Menevse Gul Dag, Yusuf Demir, Mehmet Goz, Halide and Zeynep in the bars, Ebru and Eylem Kurtul, the restaurant chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut, Alper Kaya, Volkan Guler, also the managers, endless thanks to Ramazan Tez, very nice staff, the food is delicious and wonderful, and many workers we can't mention, thank you very much to everyone, we will come again next year, we will definitely recommend it, we will come especially for Yilmaz Korkmaz, Chef 192. Even though it is an annex building, there is a shuttle service to the pools and you don't have to wait long. - Service: The employees are very attentive and we did not experience any problems, they supported us with all our problems. Although it provides the ultra all-inclusive concept very well with its food, service and room facilities, we were shocked when we first arrived at the hotel due to the misinformation about its location. Comment: We have been at the hotel for 2 days and we are very pleased with the service concept at the hotel. The staff works hard to provide good service and help you. Comment: We are very lucky to have a holiday in such a hotel fantastic service excellent service staff main restaurants and lounge bistro aska cheff sinek restaurant and bars service was perfect it was great lang bar halide and zeynep offered very nice drinks also restaurants chefs yilmaz korkmaz yunus geven murat turut mustafa çağatay bar chef ebru tufan kurtul aksiyon also thank you mr ramazan tez was very interested in us also thank you ekin menevse in the children's section her service with children was great including the children's club reception thank you very much everyone i can't name especially yilmaz korkmaz chef we will come again next year for the bar by the way the food is great delicious we will recommend it to everyone in the Netherlands hope to see you next year 202. Comment: We came to Aska hotel for the first time, it is simply a magnificent hotel, we will recommend it to everyone, the main restaurant service, Aska cheff sineck restaurant service, launge bistro service and bar service were magnificent, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Cem Hanım and Yılmaz Korkuza who took care of us 205. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was child-friendly, it had incredible service, food, cleanliness, everything was great. Comment: The service in general, the variety of restaurants, the animation activities for children were of high quality and unlimited. Comment: We came to Omelet for the first time and liked it very much, the food is great, delicious, the playgrounds are very nice, the mosquito restaurants are incredible, the main restaurant and the lounge, Aska Chef, the restaurant and the bars, the beach bar and Cihan, the lounge bar, Halide and Zeynep, the service was incredible, fast and nice, in one word, it was great, fantastic, Ekin, Menevse, Cetin, Akcan, the restaurant chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, Yunus, Guven, Marat Turut, thank you very much to all of them, they are all very caring, especially for Yilmaz Chef, we will really come next year, we are here, he made us feel at home, the hotel is really beautiful, 221. Comment: Everything was perfect and the staff gave a very good service. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Hotel, such a fantastic holiday, incredible beautiful food, wonderfully delicious, we will definitely come again next year, the main restaurant service, Aska chef service and lounge bistro service were superb, everything we wanted came immediately and quickly, thank you to Serhat Babur and Mekselina who took care of us, they are very good and smiling chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, Murat Turut, they are very good, also the bar service was very good, Halide Hanım's cocktails are great, their chef Ebru is very friendly, thank you very much to the management, Ahmet Davaz Bet and Ramazan Tez Cook, thank you 227. The hotel is wonderful, the animation, the food, everything is wonderful, the main restaurant service, Aska Chef, the Fly and the Lounge, the Fly restaurant and the bars, the Panorama Bar and Breseri Bar, Mrs. Halide's service was wonderful, it was wonderful, many thanks to Okkes Kahraman Ekin, Menevse Cetin Akcan and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut who took care of us, and also special thanks to Ramazan Tez who brought such a nice and smiling staff together. Comment: Room cleaning, service, animation are 10 out of 10. Comment: My second visit with my family and we were amazed, it is a very nice hotel, and of course the rooms are clean and nice, the service is also good, they do not bring it late, the food is also good, I was satisfied with everything. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the staff is very fast in providing service. Comment: Our waiter Ramazan provided us with great service throughout our stay. Comment: First of all, we would like to thank the Hotel, which we have visited many times, for its friendly staff and services. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with our family, the hotel was incredible, it was magnificent, I would recommend it to everyone, the lounge, bistro, asks, chef and anka restaurants and the launch bar, garden bar, pan, aroma bar, the service was magnificent, it was great, the staff was smiling, fast, friendly, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Halide and Zeynep Hanım who took care of us, also thank you to Yilmaz, Korkmaz, Alpert Kaya, Murat Turute, endless thanks, we will come again, especially for Yilmaz Bey 252. The service was very nice, I'm glad I chose this place 🙏💖 253. Everything was great from the moment we arrived at the hotel, the food, drinks, service, smiling staff were great, the service at Aska Chef Launge restaurants was perfect. Panaroma bar and Braserie bar were very attentive and the service was very fast. I HEAR THAT THERE IS A DISTANCE BETWEEN THE ANEX BUILDING AND THE MAIN BUILDING WHERE MEALS ARE EATEN AND THE SERVICES GOING TO THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA ARE HERE. They have a shuttle service. They say it leaves every 15 minutes, but I never waited for service during my stay. THERE ARE OPTIONS LIKE GOZLE SERVICES AND ICE CREAM IN THIS ENTERTAINMENT PLACE I AM MENTIONING. WE BOUGHT IT, I'LL WAIT YOU IF YOU'RE SAYING WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN, THERE ARE SERVICE OPPORTUNITIES UNTIL YOU GO TO BED. The beach side was a perfect hotel with a very large pool area, and the food and bar services were very good. Comment: This is our second visit to this hotel and we will come again next year, the food is great, the service is perfect, the main restaurant Aska chef and lounge, the sinek restaurant and bar, the slungel bar, the halide service and service is great, ekin menevse, baris oter and chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, yunus geven, alper kaya bar chef Eylem and ebru, thank you all, I also want to congratulate ramazan tez and his team, smiling staff, fast staff, thank you 267. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. Nurullah Öziç who worked in the lunch service. Comment: Absolutely perfect holiday perfect hotel lounge bistro sinek restaurant aska sef and anka restaurants and bars especially the lounge bar halide alev the service was unbelievable fantastic thank you very much to mehmet goz alperen avci mehmetali and chefs tilmaz korkmaz alper kaya murat turut who took care of us also congratulations to ramazan tez and his team they are amazing 273. You can access all kinds of services quickly. We especially liked the service of the garden bar. Hakan for his quick service with his skates. Comment: "I am very pleased with the service. Service in restaurants is great. Comment: The rooms are clean, the service is 10 points, really 10 stars. Comment: This is our first time at this hotel but the service we encountered was completely different, we were very pleased with everything, especially the animation, Ozzy and Fırat from the animation team did their best to have fun, Aska lara, wait for us, we are coming again and the food was also very good, have a nice holiday 282. The staff is friendly and the service is great. The service is extremely good, but the pools and their surroundings and the shared toilets are not very hygienic, and the shared toilets are used quite dirty. Comment: The service in the restaurant and bar is excellent, especially the Chef YUNUS is very attentive and cheerful, we thank them. The bar service is great. Havva for her wonderful service. Bar service Great 292. Comment: Fantastic holiday at Guzzle hotel, the service at the lounge bistro was perfect, it was great, thank you to Yusuf Demir and Yilmaz Korkmaz who took care of us, we will come again for holiday 298. Comment: Fantastic hotel, incredible service, service at Anka restaurant and Lounge, Sinke Restaurant was great, also the service at the Lounge bar and Anka bar was perfect, Mehmet Goz Halide and chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz who took care of us, endless thanks to Alper Kaya, Murat Turut, Ramazan Tez and the team, thanks 306. Comment: Dilara and Evren, who work at the Gardon bar, were extremely friendly and their cocktails were great 💕 We were very pleased, especially their interest in us, we liked the hotel very much, the service quality was very good, our holiday is going very well, thank you Aska team 💕❤️ 308. We would like to thank the chefs and managers who trained him, the service was great, we are grateful, they are absolutely perfect. Comment: We would like to thank all the staff for the service we have received in your room number 1414 since 05.06. The bar service is great. I would especially like to thank the bartender Selçuk and the waitress Havva for their friendly service. They provide top notch service. The service of the staff was very good and friendly. Fırat, for the friendliness of all the staff, and the service and housekeeping staff, especially Ms. Comment: I was very happy with the bar service. Comment: We had a wonderful trip, all the services and food in the hotel were wonderful. Comment: Incredibly beautiful hotel, fantastic holiday pleasure, restaurant service is perfect, lounge restaurant service is great, aska chef restaurant service is great, thank you Mehmet Kurt, Eda Ertunha, chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, and also Murat Turut, Ercan Inci, thank you, beautiful staff, fast and smiling faces, and Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz, thank you.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 9.6
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 216
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: The cleanliness of the rooms was very good. The only negative thing I can say is that we did not like the cleanliness of the room. The food in the main restaurant and snack restaurant is really delicious and the cleanliness of the rooms is good enough. Cleanliness and staff behavior was quite good. Apart from this, we liked the cleanliness of the hotel very much. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room, the food and especially the competence and attention of the staff. I would say that a little more sensitivity should be taken regarding cleanliness, but in general, the hotel was good, both in terms of food and activities. Since our holiday is focused on our child, we pay great attention to pools, activities, food, cleanliness, etc. The hotel also deserves praise for its room cleanliness. To summarize briefly: Hotel and rooms 6 out of 10 Food 6 Service 3 Cleanliness 7 My advice is that better hotels can be found for the same price or pay a little more and choose a better, more compact hotel. Great attention is always paid to the cleanliness of the rooms, and the public areas were spotlessly clean. The cleanliness and comfort of my room was perfect, I felt like I was at home. I was so pleased with the importance you give to hygiene and the cleanliness of the rooms that I wish you continued success. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel, its food, its room and its cleanliness. Comment: As my first experience, I can say it is perfect, I recommend it to those who haven't come here yet, with its cleanliness and friendly staff. Cleanliness, food, panorama bar, staff, animation were amazing... Comment: We would like to thank the Reception staff at Aska Lara Hotel, especially Gökhan and İhsan and their team, they hosted us very well.|We would also like to thank the cleanliness of the hotel and most importantly the food. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... Comment: It deserves 5 stars with everything including room cleanliness, delicious food, friendly staff and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was child-friendly, it had incredible service, food, cleanliness, everything was great. Comment: We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room we stayed in 1502. We were also pleased with the general area cleanliness. We were very pleased with everything about the hotel: rooms, cleanliness, staff, food. Comment: Everything is perfect, from the cleanliness of the rooms to the attentiveness of the staff, the animation team is very entertaining, it is a place where you can easily come without any questions in your mind. The cleanliness was the most striking thing, the rooms are cleaner than the previous one. Comment: See you again Aska Lara, everything was great, your smiling face also pleased us, we stayed in room number 1457, we also thank Ümmü Hanım for the cleanliness and hygiene 284. Comment: It is a hotel that can be preferred without hesitation in terms of cleanliness and hygiene of the rooms. The activities, cleanliness, delicious food and facilities were very good. Comment: Everything was great, especially the cleanliness and food were great. For me, hygiene is very important! Hygiene was very good at every point, including the rooms. Hygiene, variety, taste and service are great. But the staff is definitely friendly, the hygiene is great, the food and drink are unlimited! The rooms were very clean in terms of hygiene. Comment: It was wonderful from the first entrance, everything, attention, service, food, hygiene, everything was perfect. Hygiene is given importance. I was so pleased with the importance you give to hygiene and the cleanliness of the rooms that I wish you continued success. The hotel facilities and rooms were very clean; they were extremely meticulous about hygiene. Comment: We were very pleased with everything, including the service, hygiene, and the sincerity of the employees. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... Comment: See you again Aska Lara, everything was great, your smiling face also pleased us, we stayed in room number 1457, we also thank Ümmü Hanım for the cleanliness and hygiene 284. Comment: It is a hotel that can be preferred without hesitation in terms of cleanliness and hygiene of the rooms. It was a very spacious and beautiful room that was cleaned every day. The rooms are cleaned every day and towels are changed. The hotel is generally very clean, even the pool toilets are spotlessly clean. The room cleaning is very successful 4. The gentleman who cleaned the floor was very kind and did his job successfully. The cleanliness of the rooms was very good. The cleaning staff was very attentive. The pools were clean. The only negative thing I can say is that we did not like the cleanliness of the room. Towels were changed every day and the room was cleaned. The sea was clean. My room was very nice, and the cleaning staff did a good job. The food in the main restaurant and snack restaurant is really delicious and the cleanliness of the rooms is good enough. The poolside is clean and the main restaurant is constantly being cleaned. By the way, we would like to thank the cleaning staff, Mr. Comment: First of all, I want to start with the cleaning. Every part of the hotel, including the rooms, is very clean. Even those places were spotlessly clean. Cleanliness and staff behavior was quite good. Apart from this, we liked the cleanliness of the hotel very much. They cleaned our room whenever we asked. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room, the food and especially the competence and attention of the staff. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. The best aspects are the friendly and professional staff, quality food, quality drinks and the fact that it is a very clean hotel. The name of Deniz Market ;-) I give every detail, as a Local Guide ;-) Like my comment :) We would like to thank Chef Serkan, the Room Cleaning lady, Mina at the Reception, the Waiter on Roller Skates (at Wet'n Wild). The rooms are extremely comfortable and spacious, and are cleaned regularly every day upon your request. From the reception to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, everyone made us feel at home. I would say that a little more sensitivity should be taken regarding cleanliness, but in general, the hotel was good, both in terms of food and activities. Then we tried to explain the situation, the cleaning lady told me that the room would be cleaned etc. Other reviews have mentioned all the details, I won't write them all, but the hotel has improved its quality this year, the cleaning is very good, the rooms are very comfortable, all the details have been considered one by one. The rooms were very clean in terms of hygiene. Every day when we left our room in the morning and returned in the evening, we found our room spotlessly clean and tidy. I would also like to thank the cleaning team. Our room was in the process of being cleaned. (Starbucks is free.) We went up to our room and found it to be a very nice and clean room. The rooms are very nice, clean, cleaned every day, we did not experience any problems. The food is also delicious and very clean. Since our holiday is focused on our child, we pay great attention to pools, activities, food, cleanliness, etc. Fruit, dessert, grill, stew, appetizers, salad, fish and meat sections, breakfast, children's meals, diet meals, everything is very nice, clean and delicious. The rooms are cleaned every day after we go out and we find them spotlessly clean when we return. You can choose the pool with peace of mind that it is clean ☺️ 35. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. Thanks to Asiye Hanım from cleaning, we were very pleased with the cleaning and fulfillment of requests every day. As Room 3302, we would like to thank the animation, cleaning and food service staff. The rooms were also very clean and tidy. Where should I start, Ayşe who cleaned our room was beautiful and sincere, thank you for everything, well done, Aska team, which is a great staff, my DJ joker dear brother, I wish we could bring you to Ankara with us. The hotel also deserves praise for its room cleanliness. Emine Hanım and Züheyla Hanım ensured that the rooms were always clean and tidy. Their meticulousness in cleaning made our holiday more comfortable. The pool area was large and clean, there were plenty of sun loungers and we were always able to find a spot. We were not at ease with the cleaning of the room, used towels were folded and put back in the bathroom. The rooms and other areas are clean. Comment: In general, the hotel was nice, the staff was cheerful, the rooms were clean, I would like to thank Özgür from the animation team very much, I will definitely come again!!! Comment: The hotel is well maintained and clean. First of all, I would like to thank the cleaning team for cleaning the rooms. Comment: The pool and the sea were generally clean and beautiful. Even though we were not satisfied with the room cleaning, the waiter and bar staff were very friendly and hardworking. To summarize briefly: Hotel and rooms 6 out of 10 Food 6 Service 3 Cleanliness 7 My advice is that better hotels can be found for the same price or pay a little more and choose a better, more compact hotel. The rooms are cleaned daily and are spacious enough. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are very clean, whatever they say is the best in this hotel, I can definitely say the quality of the food, in general the hotel is very good in terms of f/p. The complex is clean, animation and entertainment very good. Comment: The hotel is great, the food is amazing, the rooms are nice, they clean them every day anyway. Great attention is always paid to the cleanliness of the rooms, and the public areas were spotlessly clean. Fatma Hanım and the other room cleaners make the room look brand new every day. Room cleaning was good. The cleanliness and comfort of my room was perfect, I felt like I was at home. Comment: The rooms were very clean. The food was delicious, clean and varied. Comment: The hotel has a nice location, the rooms are clean, the taste is good, but it is very crowded, you have to wait in line everywhere, there are lines in all the bars. Comment: The rooms are very clean, there is no shortage of food in the hotel, it is delicious and spotlessly clean, there are many options. As I researched and read in the comments, the hotel is very clean and the staff is extremely nice and hardworking. We stayed at number 1107, the cleaning service was very good, I can say that it was the situation that I was most pleased with. The first annoying situation was that we asked for the room to be cleaned. The cleaning that was done twice was only to fix the bedspreads. The balcony was not cleaned. When we told them, they said that they cleaned it again, but the floors were still there. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. Comment: The hotel has a wonderful team who do a great job in every field, from sales representatives to cleaning staff. The rooms are spotlessly clean. Everywhere is spotlessly clean and green, especially the Beach bar is very entertaining. I was so pleased with the importance you give to hygiene and the cleanliness of the rooms that I wish you continued success. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel, its food, its room and its cleanliness. It was always possible to find the pools and rooms clean. The hotel facilities and rooms were very clean; they were extremely meticulous about hygiene. Comment: Points we are satisfied with: The cleaning ladies are very sweet. The food and drinks were good and the rooms were clean. The rooms are very clean. The rooms were spotlessly clean, the food was varied and delicious, and met our expectations in every way. It was also clean and tidy. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The pool is clean, the sea is full of small fish biting, the beach is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. Comment: As my first experience, I can say it is perfect, I recommend it to those who haven't come here yet, with its cleanliness and friendly staff. Our rooms were spotlessly clean. Sureyha 3 from the cleaning staff. You can only find the coldest water of the hotel in the patisserie section to drink (Negative aspect ❗️) * Daily cleaning in the rooms is insufficient and careless, the materials that need to be completed as standard are not completed properly (Negative aspect ❗️) * Drinks in cardboard cups are ok outdoors, I understand that, but inside the hotel, especially the bartenders serve drinks in glass cups without any effort, especially whiskey or vodka etc. The rooms are clean, their attention and care for their customers is truly magnificent. Tuğba from the cleaning team always does her job very well, we are thinking of coming again… 143. The first day, everything was good and the cleaning was good. The other days, they shook it despite our warning, the cleaning was not very good. The cleaning is very good. This is our second stay at ASKA, everything from hospitality to entertainment to house cleaning service is under control and perfect. This is our second time staying with a ASKA and they never fail, from hospitality to entertainment to domestic cleaning service, everything is in check and outstanding. The rooms, the restaurant and everywhere were spotlessly clean. Cleanliness, food, panorama bar, staff, animation were amazing... The room cleaning was very good. Comment: We have been very pleased since the first day we came here, we have not had any problems, the cleaning is really good, the helpful ladies are very sweet and helpful, the food is very good, it is very clean and incredibly careful, there is no chance of you going hungry here, thank you for everything, and without forgetting Aska Lara's family, we would like to thank Mr. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. The hotel's housekeeping team does a really neat job of cleaning, the ladies are great! Endless thanks to Bar Waiter Eren, Panoroma employees, the staff who always left my room clean, and all the staff whose names I don't know who greeted me with a smile. Gül, even if there was only 1 person, the activities continued, room cleaning did not cause any problems, the food was good, the activity area was very nice, it was a very large area, the sea was clean but it got deep quickly (172). Comment: The room was clean and very spacious. The cleaning was good. The rooms were also clean. The rooms were spotlessly clean. The rooms and pool were clean. Comment: A wonderful hotel, very clean, very delicious food, all the staff are very good people, from the gardener to the senior executives. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. Comment: The rooms were spotlessly clean. We have never had any problems in terms of cleaning. Comment: We would like to thank the Reception staff at Aska Lara Hotel, especially Gökhan and İhsan and their team, they hosted us very well.|We would also like to thank the cleanliness of the hotel and most importantly the food. They were very good at cleaning. The rooms are clean and the size is perfect for families. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... Comment: It deserves 5 stars with everything including room cleanliness, delicious food, friendly staff and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel in general, the food was varied and tasty, the staff was friendly, the rooms were cleaned regularly, I am very pleased with this, we also thank Özgür from the animation team for doing his best to make our holiday enjoyable, have a nice holiday 203. Comment: Everything in the hotel was clean and tidy, the food was varied enough, the hours were well thought out, the room was cleaned daily, the animation and shows were generally good and entertaining, I am thinking of coming again. Comment: Rooms, pool and restaurant area are clean. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was child-friendly, it had incredible service, food, cleanliness, everything was great. The rooms were very comfortable and clean, the hotel has several pools. The rooms are clean and the staff does a good job. Room cleaning was very nice and attentive 7. The rooms are cleaned daily. Comment: We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room we stayed in 1502. We were also pleased with the general area cleanliness. Comment: The staff and room cleaning were very nice, our smiling sister Ayse did her best for our peace, room 1287, I really recommend Aska Lara, 10 for family, 5 stars.. Comment: Room cleaning, service, animation are 10 out of 10. Gülten for cleaning our room every day and Rose from the animation team. The room cleaning was very meticulous and the towels were very meticulous and sufficient. Pınar immediately made our rooms clean and tidy. Comment: My second visit with my family and we were amazed, it is a very nice hotel, and of course the rooms are clean and nice, the service is also good, they do not bring it late, the food is also good, I was satisfied with everything. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the staff is very fast in providing service. We were very pleased with everything about the hotel: rooms, cleanliness, staff, food. Zarife for their interest 😍 We were very pleased in general, cleaning & food everything was very good. Comment: Everything is perfect, from the cleanliness of the rooms to the attentiveness of the staff, the animation team is very entertaining, it is a place where you can easily come without any questions in your mind. Comment: Food could be more diverse, activities are very nice, location is good, but the hotel consists of blocks, there is a tunnel passage in between, but the weather is very hot, even if it is close, it is very difficult to walk, also the parking problem is very big, it is a hotel with space for 10 vehicles, the best part is the beach, the pools are perfect, clean 248. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Special thanks to Güler Hanım for cleaning the room :) I won't pass without writing this:)), the Little Man who threw our little one's pacifier from the balcony :) 250. Our room is spotlessly clean and prepared when we come back from the pool. Comment: The rooms were very clean every time we came, for this I would like to thank Birgül Hanım and the other staff members. THE ROOMS WERE EXTREMELY CLEAN. The pools in the entertainment area were clean. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. The rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. Comment: Our entertainment at the hotel was good, especially we sent my brother to the mini club all the time, the events and activities were nice and fun, the hotel rooms were also very nice, but there was a little cleaning problem, apart from that everything was good, our favorite place was the mini club, we would love to come again 278. Comment: The rooms are clean, the service is 10 points, really 10 stars. The cleanliness was the most striking thing, the rooms are cleaner than the previous one. Comment: See you again Aska Lara, everything was great, your smiling face also pleased us, we stayed in room number 1457, we also thank Ümmü Hanım for the cleanliness and hygiene 284. Comment: It is a hotel that can be preferred without hesitation in terms of cleanliness and hygiene of the rooms. Gülten, who served us with a smile in room cleaning. Comment: The rooms are very nice and the interiors are clean. Every day when we came back from the beach, the room was as clean as the first day. I asked the staff who cleans it, they said AYSE, we met her, she is a very cheerful and friendly sister, I thank her. I would like to thank the team very much, especially the cleaning team and the chefs. I think it was a perfect place with everything, from the food to the pools, the rooms were very clean. The activities, cleanliness, delicious food and facilities were very good. The rooms are meticulously cleaned every day. The room cleaning is good. Ummu for the cleaning and order of room number 1453 and say thank you. The hotel was clean, the animation team was very good, and I would also like to thank Mr. Our room is spacious and clean, the food is delicious, the animation group is very entertaining, we open a separate parenthesis for Gül, we loved her very much, we recommend her to everyone 315. Comment: Everything was great, especially the cleanliness and food were great. If you say Aqua Park, there is no reception outside the hotel, the food is almost the same every day, it is far from Turkish cuisine and the room cleaning is zero.

Rating for Transportation Options: 8.6
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 214
All results text for Transportation Options: 2- Shuttles providing transportation to the pool area are insufficient. But when you arrive, you will see that transportation is very easy. You just have to ignore the 2-minute transportation by shuttle. Comment: Everything was absolutely perfect and wonderful, the service, the approach of the employees, the attention, the services, the animation team and the shows they prepared were very enjoyable, I had a great week, I hope I can come again, the only problem is that transportation is a problem for those who come from the center without a vehicle, and it can be a problem for returning, other than that everything was absolutely wonderful, 170. - Location: When it comes to location, although we specifically called both the tour company and the hotel to ask, they said that it is very close to the sea and that we can reach it by a golf cart-style transportation. 2- Shuttles providing transportation to the pool area are insufficient. We were quickly transported. But when you arrive, you will see that transportation is very easy. It is very easy to transport. You just have to ignore the 2-minute transportation by shuttle. Comment: Everything was absolutely perfect and wonderful, the service, the approach of the employees, the attention, the services, the animation team and the shows they prepared were very enjoyable, I had a great week, I hope I can come again, the only problem is that transportation is a problem for those who come from the center without a vehicle, and it can be a problem for returning, other than that everything was absolutely wonderful, 170. - Location: When it comes to location, although we specifically called both the tour company and the hotel to ask, they said that it is very close to the sea and that we can reach it by a golf cart-style transportation. Taxi fare is around 600 TL but some taxi drivers charge 15 to 20 € in euros. Because we called a taxi from the Uber application, we were followed and stopped by the Kemerağzi taxi company. Comment: The hotel is 15-20 minutes away from the airport. Comment: We chose the hotel for our honeymoon because of its proximity to the airport. Easy to reach from the airport. Don't worry about getting there by shuttle, we never had to wait for the bus, you can even walk back if you want, the distance between the water park and the main building is that close. That day, we had an upset stomach and threw up, we asked the nurse for medicine so as not to have to look for a pharmacy on duty since it was Sunday, the nurse said that the procedure could not be done without issuing an invoice, what would the doctor examine without doing tests, would he give us diarrhea and vomiting medicine, at most, they had turned the business into a business, (If he had made an invoice, he would have given us the medicine without doing the tests! They take buses and coaches to the second pool. There are very frequent buses. 2 minutes away by bus. We have never waited more than 2 minutes for a bus. We did not wait in line even at the busiest time. You get there with air-conditioned buses, everything you are looking for is there. Before arriving at the hotel, getting to the pool area by bus may confuse you. The bus arrives without waiting. Since the hotel is on the road, you can enter the beach area by bus. The hotel bus is coming right away. We also thank our busboy friend who we came from the last day. - Sun Queen Beach Hotel was opened for business in 2000. - The capacity of Buse Resort Hotel was increased in the winter season of 2011. - In 2016, a new ASKA Brand, Eight Days Hotels, was created and Eightdays Istanbul was opened for business in Istanbul Sütlüce. - ASKA River Suites, located in Antalya Kundu, owned by ASKA Hotels, was opened for business in May 2017. There is a bus shuttle service to get there, it is a 5-minute walk and the main road passes in between. The aquapark section is separate from the hotel and you can go by bus. I didn't know that, to be honest, if I had known, I wouldn't have chosen it, but we didn't have any problems, we waited for the buses for 5 minutes at most. Comment: First of all, let me say this: YOU CAN GO TO THE SEA BY BUS! When the bus broke down, we had to walk with our stroller. -You should be prepared to set off on the bus to the beach in the middle of the heat, loaded with fish. Comment: The hotel is big and nice, but I think it is a bit difficult to go to the beach by bus, if you want to come to the room you have to wait for the bus. The bus to the beach leaves every 3 minutes, so it's definitely not a problem. By the way, I would like to open an extra parenthesis for the friends in the lobby bars, Buse Hanım at the Batiseria bar is magnificent, you don't get this kind of attention from your mother, she is very kind, polite, smiling, friendly and presentable, I visit your bars all the time but where is Buse Hanım this year, I hope she will always work with you, she is a perfect person... Take the bus. Comment: This is our second time coming to Aska hotel, everything was better than the previous one, the service, the garden side was great, we will definitely come again next year and recommend it, the restaurant service was very good, the lounge restaurant service was perfect, the Aska Sef restaurant service was magnificent, Ekin Menevse and the chefs Yılmaz Korkmaz Yunus Guven and the managers Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci, Murat Turute, thank you very much for providing such a smiling service, the lounge bar Halide Panaroma Buse service and services were very good 137. The distance between the beach and the hotel is by bus, but it leaves every 5-10 minutes to get to the hotel, get dressed, etc. I couldn't choose what to eat, those who are afraid of gaining weight should not enter the kitchen😋 especially Melih from the animation team, your energy is amazing, I hope you don't lose your energy😍 Gül and Ayşe, you are wonderful, I will never forget my threesome, Gül Hanım, who also takes care of my daughter, will never forget you in nature🥰 The only problem is that you have to go to the beach by bus, but the staff fills this gap. However, without our knowledge, we were booked into a separate complex behind the hotel and we had to travel from the hotel to the sea by a small bus/shuttle. The complex (pool and beach) is very nice and it is very easy to get to the beach by bus. Comment: Even though we came during a very busy period, the staff is very fast and can meet all your requests. When the bus arrives, everyone jumps in; there needs to be an attendant there. I did some research and I think the boss is happy with the staff that has been trained from the core. We would like to thank the chefs and managers who trained him, the service was great, we are grateful, they are absolutely perfect. Nuray welcomed us with a smile, the girls were probably not very interested because we were Turkish, the parking lot can hold a maximum of 20 vehicles, we had to leave the car outside the hotel. Parking is limited inside, they usually move outside, there is no parking problem outside, there were 2,065 people in the hotel even though it was the end of the season. *It's too bad there is no parking area, there is easily a place outside the hotel but in 42 degree heat I would have liked it to be in a closed area. (There is a small parking lot for 20-30 vehicles, which is insufficient for a facility with over 500 rooms) *Information at the entrance is insufficient. Comment: * The most positive aspect: First of all, all the staff are very polite and friendly...👏👏 * There is a parking problem, it is insufficient, the indoor parking lot and the outdoor parking lot are very small. indoor parking capacity 30 vehicles, outdoor parking in front of the lobby 20 vehicles... Comment: First of all, the parking area is insufficient. There are 10 covered parking lots and 6-7 open parking lots. We found the quality very successful as a family, but the only problem is that the hotel's parking problem needs to be solved, we have to park our cars outside 246. Comment: Food could be more diverse, activities are very nice, location is good, but the hotel consists of blocks, there is a tunnel passage in between, but the weather is very hot, even if it is close, it is very difficult to walk, also the parking problem is very big, it is a hotel with space for 10 vehicles, the best part is the beach, the pools are perfect, clean 248. First of all, the location of the hotel is in a very good place. The marked location is correct. I think the only problem with the facility is its location. - In 2012, the foundation of the 5-star, 545-room Lara Resort & Spa Hotel was laid in the Lara / Kundu / Kemerağzı location. It can be annoying sometimes just because of the location. The rooms, location and guests at the hotel were very good. Comment: The hotel has a nice location, the rooms are clean, the taste is good, but it is very crowded, you have to wait in line everywhere, there are lines in all the bars. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel, the location and service were very good, we stayed for 4 nights and 5 days, the food was average. The hotel's strongest point is its food and location. Comment: The hotel is really nice, both in terms of location and the staff are really friendly, especially the restaurant service. Comment: The hotel location is very good. Comment: Room no:1473 A perfect hotel in a great location, we enjoyed it very much. - Location: When it comes to location, although we specifically called both the tour company and the hotel to ask, they said that it is very close to the sea and that we can reach it by a golf cart-style transportation. Although it provides the ultra all-inclusive concept very well with its food, service and room facilities, we were shocked when we first arrived at the hotel due to the misinformation about its location. The location is good, close to the sea. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice. Comment: Food could be more diverse, activities are very nice, location is good, but the hotel consists of blocks, there is a tunnel passage in between, but the weather is very hot, even if it is close, it is very difficult to walk, also the parking problem is very big, it is a hotel with space for 10 vehicles, the best part is the beach, the pools are perfect, clean 248. There is a shuttle service for the pool and the beach, it departs every minute, and the beach is very close within walking distance. After a few steps, you reach the height distance and you encounter a very muddy sea because of the waves. Don't worry about getting there by shuttle, we never had to wait for the bus, you can even walk back if you want, the distance between the water park and the main building is that close. The hotel has a two-part area, but the distance is short and there is a shuttle service at very frequent intervals throughout the day, we had no problems with this. The building where the Anex rooms are located and the main building are within walking distance. The only question mark seems to be that the beach part is separate from the hotel, but since both the beach part is within walking distance and there are constant services inside, there is no problem. They do not keep their distance from customers. The distance between the beach and the hotel is by bus, but it leaves every 5-10 minutes to get to the hotel, get dressed, etc. While other hotels were having fun, we watched from a distance. I HEAR THAT THERE IS A DISTANCE BETWEEN THE ANEX BUILDING AND THE MAIN BUILDING WHERE MEALS ARE EATEN AND THE SERVICES GOING TO THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA ARE HERE. BUT SINCE WE WERE IN THE MAIN BUILDING, I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH OF A DISTANCE IT IS. Comment: The service in the bars is very good, especially the Panorama Bar, Brasserie Bar, Pool Bar, Central Bar, Beach Bar, Aska Chef Bar, Lounge Bar and Garden Bar has great service, the cocktails were excellent. There is a shuttle service for the pool and the beach, it departs every minute, and the beach is very close within walking distance. The building where the Anex rooms are located and the main building are within walking distance. The only question mark seems to be that the beach part is separate from the hotel, but since both the beach part is within walking distance and there are constant services inside, there is no problem. Ramazan, who controls the hotel staff in the dining area and bars, is very active and we constantly ran into each other while doing his checks everywhere. For families with children there was a wide variety of pools play areas and the kidsclub was very active. We used both the pool in the main building and the pools in the Wet n Wild area. There are pools in two separate areas. Evening entertainment at the second pool area is very good and the animation team is very good. There are many entertainment areas in the wet'n wild section for families with children. Everything was great except the bar area. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. Comment: We stayed in many hotels in the Kundu area. Generally, the dirtiest toilets are the toilets in the pool area. The restaurants in the pool area have options such as lahmacun and wrap Adana pizza, and they are delicious. Beach, pool, aqua park area is around 2 km from where you are staying and is the hotel's own area. 2- Shuttles providing transportation to the pool area are insufficient. 3- The restaurant section in the pool area serves mostly fast food products such as pizza, pita and bread for lunch. Aquapark, large pool, sea, night show-entertainment area are 2 minutes away by shuttle. We can say that it is a large complex with different foods in each area. I can say that it is a true family hotel, but it also has halls and areas suitable for congress and meeting purposes. The hotel has a two-part area, but the distance is short and there is a shuttle service at very frequent intervals throughout the day, we had no problems with this. The waterfront area was so packed that we didn't even want to come for lunch during the day. There are two restaurants and bars in this area where you can have something to eat and which also have service. 1 min by shuttle to the main entertainment area. I would like to add some notes to the hotel owner-manager here, which in my opinion will impair the beauty of the hotel: Fish should not be fried in the open buffet area - frying them in the outside dining area would be better in terms of smell. Because the seating arrangement in the entertainment area is flat, sometimes the shows are not visible and you cannot fully adapt. It would be nice if an area like a stepped amphitheater was created. Before arriving at the hotel, getting to the pool area by bus may confuse you. *It's too bad there is no parking area, there is easily a place outside the hotel but in 42 degree heat I would have liked it to be in a closed area. You can spend time here without going to the beach area, and that's how we spent one day. An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. Since the hotel is on the road, you can enter the beach area by bus. I liked the garden bar the most, it's a nice area to take a break after the sea. The pool area was large and clean, there were plenty of sun loungers and we were always able to find a spot. There are areas for improvement, it could be better. Since the hotel area is not very large, there is a serious shortage of sun loungers. It is possible to reach the aquapark and entertainment area with the wet'n wild shuttle service. The rooms and other areas are clean. There are many areas for lawns. Around 12 o'clock there are no more empty lounge chairs in the swimming area, people go by shuttle after breakfast, leave their towels and come back. Great attention is always paid to the cleanliness of the rooms, and the public areas were spotlessly clean. You can find an event in every area, at every hour, I especially loved the shows held on the beach after dinner. Regarding age, we have found areas that appeal to all ages, from babies to the oldest. The food served at your restaurant was delicious and your spa and pool areas were very comfortable. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. They have caring staff in every area, especially in the lounge bar, Ms. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. The pool area is very good, everything for children has been thought of. There are many beautiful and fun areas for children. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. Don't be confused by the shuttle service from the hotel to the pool and entertainment areas. I loved the children's activity areas, everything was thought out down to the smallest detail. I didn't like that there was a jet ski right next to the swimming area in the sea. Evening activities are also at the pool area. Entertainment areas and pools met our request. Comment: First of all, the parking area is insufficient. It is very difficult to find a place on the garden side, it is a small area, when we said we could not find a place to sit, the chefs did not care at all, to name a few, we met Mr. The hotel is suitable for both adults and children, there are many activity areas for children, and there are parties for adults. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. Gül, even if there was only 1 person, the activities continued, room cleaning did not cause any problems, the food was good, the activity area was very nice, it was a very large area, the sea was clean but it got deep quickly (172). There are many event activities and party activity areas. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. There are plenty of activity areas for children. The pool and sea areas are also very good. Comment: Rooms, pool and restaurant area are clean. There are areas where children can have fun. We were also pleased with the general area cleanliness. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Especially the pool area was very good. Comment: FIRST OF ALL HELLO EVERYONE FIRST OF ALL I AM NOT A HOTEL GOURMET I WILL STATE IN ADVANCE AND IT WAS MY FIRST HOTEL EXPERIENCE FOR HOLIDAY PURPOSES WHILE PLANNING A HOLIDAY WITH MY FRIENDS WE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO MEET WITHOUT EXAGGERATION 30-40 HOTELS IN 1 MONTH AND READ A LOT OF COMMENTS OF COURSE THERE WERE ALWAYS SATISFIED OR NOT SATISFIED I AM WRITING THIS COMMENT FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE CONFUSED LIKE ME AND MY FRIENDS BECAUSE I HAVE NOT SEEN A COMMENT THAT COULD BE A REFERENCE FOR US WE SET OUT BY ONLY LOOKING AT THE REFERENCE PHOTOS WHEN CHOOSING THE HOTEL AND GO KNOWING THAT THE HOTEL CONSISTS OF TWO BUILDINGS AND A TOTAL OF 3 SECTIONS SUCH AS THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA. I HEAR THAT THERE IS A DISTANCE BETWEEN THE ANEX BUILDING AND THE MAIN BUILDING WHERE MEALS ARE EATEN AND THE SERVICES GOING TO THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA ARE HERE. The pools in the entertainment area were clean. Since it has become easier to find certain hours, we first went into the sea and then came to the pool area. There are two SNACK BARS in the entertainment area. FIRST OF ALL, BECAUSE THE AREA IS LARGE AND THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE, IT DOESN'T WORK TO BRING ME THIS OR THAT FROM WHERE I LOSE, YOU HAVE TO GO AND GET YOUR OWN DRINK BECAUSE THE WAITERS TAKE CARE OF BOTH THE SNACKS AND THE GUESTS INSIDE. The beach side was a perfect hotel with a very large pool area, and the food and bar services were very good. The children's entertainment areas and pools are quite nice. The fact that the playgrounds where children have fun in the evenings by the pool, especially the jumping and horse riding areas, open and close them as they wish is breaking the boundaries. The pools are shallow, the sea has 140 cm waves, the food is good etc., top quality, I will choose this place again next year. Normally I don't go to the same hotel all the time to see different places, but I will go to this hotel again. We would also like to thank our Izmir native Berkant Bey in the A La Carte section, he was very friendly and attentive :) We had difficulty finding a place in the Wet`n Wild section. That place catered more to Turkish cuisine. That was our place after dinner. Even those places were spotlessly clean. 4- Fans should definitely be placed in the open balcony section of the restaurant on the lobby floor. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. Aska Lara Hotel is the perfect place for both relaxation and entertainment. Unfortunately, for this place, they usually make a wooden road to the sea. *It's too bad there is no parking area, there is easily a place outside the hotel but in 42 degree heat I would have liked it to be in a closed area. Since we started looking for a hotel, we did a lot of research until we decided on this place. First of all, the location of the hotel is in a very good place. The building where the Anex rooms are located (I don't know about this place, I haven't been there), the main building and the facility where the beach is. Very early in the morning, people are running around trying to get a place. The drinks in the dining hall, bar, buffet and other places are good. You can find the place easily. There are many beautiful places especially for children. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. You have to go to the pool in the morning, when you go at 10:30 you cannot find a place as the sun loungers are full. The perfect place for families with children. Otherwise, you cannot find a place. Definitely a place to come back to. It's one of the rare places I leave satisfied every time I visit. The drinks were prepared with much better quality and tastier than in many places in Europe. I'm sorry, but groups of 3 or 4 have no place in this hotel. If you want to have a nice holiday, I think you should look no further, you are in the right place. It is very difficult to find a place on the garden side, it is a small area, when we said we could not find a place to sit, the chefs did not care at all, to name a few, we met Mr. A place I would choose again. I recommend this place to everyone. If you want to be disgraced with your money in such an expensive place, come! The bakery was our favorite place. Honestly, Aska Lara is a place you should come and experience for yourself. Comment: Everything is perfect, from the cleanliness of the rooms to the attentiveness of the staff, the animation team is very entertaining, it is a place where you can easily come without any questions in your mind. The service was very nice, I'm glad I chose this place 🙏💖 253. THERE ARE OPTIONS LIKE GOZLE SERVICES AND ICE CREAM IN THIS ENTERTAINMENT PLACE I AM MENTIONING. AFTER DINNER, THERE ARE ACTIVITIES IN THIS PLACE I MENTIONED. WHEN THE ACTIVITIES WERE OVER, THERE WERE FUN AND FUNNY GAMES IN A PLACE CALLED GOLDEN BAR. THERE IS A CLUP-STYLE PLACE INSIDE THE MAIN BUILDING. Comment: Our entertainment at the hotel was good, especially we sent my brother to the mini club all the time, the events and activities were nice and fun, the hotel rooms were also very nice, but there was a little cleaning problem, apart from that everything was good, our favorite place was the mini club, we would love to come again 278. The order placed arrives very quickly. I think it was a perfect place with everything, from the food to the pools, the rooms were very clean. Comment: It was the hotel we chose for our honeymoon, we were very pleased, the guys at the bar were very attentive and prepared incredibly nice cocktails, the hotel was very nice in every sense, we were very pleased, 312 is a place we want to come back to. I definitely recommend it, it's a special place to spend time with your kids!

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 9.6
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 200
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): It was a completely child-friendly hotel. My purpose of choosing the hotel was to say that it was a child-friendly hotel and that it was said so, but we were wrong. Being a child-friendly hotel saves us the trouble of looking for a different hotel every year. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was child-friendly, it had incredible service, food, cleanliness, everything was great. The ones after that were not very pleasing to me, in general the hotel is family friendly. My family and I stayed in a standard room for 4 people. Comment: We stayed at your hotel as a family for 4 nights and 5 days. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. I can say that it is a true family hotel, but it also has halls and areas suitable for congress and meeting purposes. The hotel is a truly family-friendly establishment in every aspect. Comment: If you are looking for a family holiday with children, this is a great choice. Comment: A true family hotel, I can come again, everything is perfect. The hotel is a family-friendly hotel, brimming with managers and staff who have always managed to maintain a family atmosphere and customer satisfaction at the highest level. I wish success to the Aska family. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. Comment: Last week, I came with my family and we had a wonderful holiday. Comment: A wonderful environment where you can have a family holiday. My family and I were very satisfied, thank you for everything 🧡 46. It's a family hotel and they are really great about the food, there are so many options you will definitely not go hungry. Comment: 2nd with my family. Comment: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 days in April with the all-inclusive concept. If you go to the pool at 11 o'clock and sunbathe, your chances of finding a spot are very low, so my advice is to take your towel on the first day and not give it back, and have someone from the family take the spot... Thank you Aska family for making it perfect👏 62. As a family, we caught germs from the pool and spent days in the hospital. Comment: Soyız ASKA hotel officials During the holiday we spent with my family of 6 at your hotel. It is not a family hotel. We had a great time as a family. Thank you very much for everything, Aska Lara family 🥰 89. We were absolutely pleased with everything as a family. As a family, we caught germs from the pool. Comment: I come every year, my annual leave is indispensable, I can say that it is my home, my family in August, I highly recommend the hotel without exaggeration, I don't know what else I can say, everything is perfect, just sell the house and come and have a wonderful holiday, it is worth it. Thank you so much for providing us with service with these decent people and making us feel like a family. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. Comment: Our first time here with my family. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. We spent our honeymoon here in May and enjoyed it so much that we brought our whole family with us this time. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel as a family. Comment: hello aska hotel we came for the first time with our big family the hotel is unbelievably beautiful we will definitely recommend it and we will definitely come the main restaurant service launge fly restaurant service aska chef service fantastic excellent and it was great thank you to mehmet kurt eda ertunga and their chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper kaya who took care of us the staff is very smiling and fast friendly ramazan tez ercan inci thank you for having such a staff everyone is great great service also thanks to ahmet davaz bey 122. Comment: I came to the hotel with my family for the 3rd time. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. Nemo made us feel like we were one of the family, it was very fun 147. Comment: Aska Hotel is our first experience, we came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, the activities are very nice, the food is delicious, the main restaurant service, aska chef restaurant service and the lounge restaurants service were perfect, fast and smiling, thank you to serhat babur who took care of us, of course the chefs yilmaz korkmaz and yunus given, also thank you very much, thank you very much to ramazan tez and murat turute for having such beautiful and smiling staff, also thank you to halide for the lounge bar service, we will come again, see you soon, also thank you very much to ahmet davaz bey 150. Comment: We have been very pleased since the first day we came here, we have not had any problems, the cleaning is really good, the helpful ladies are very sweet and helpful, the food is very good, it is very clean and incredibly careful, there is no chance of you going hungry here, thank you for everything, and without forgetting Aska Lara's family, we would like to thank Mr. Comment: We came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, beautiful, wonderful, main restaurant service, launge, sinek restaurant service, aska sef, sinek restaurant service is fantastic, incredible, fast, beautiful and smiling, eda ertunga and their chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, thank you very much, ramazan tez, ercan inci, thank you very much for having such professional, smiling staff, also thank you ahmet davaz, 163. Comment: We came to Aska Lara with our large family. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. My family and I, especially our two daughters, made wonderful memories at this beautiful hotel. We had an unforgettable holiday thanks to the family atmosphere, comfort and friendly service. Suitable for your family. Comment: Everything was great, a true family hotel. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. Although we did not book a family room, the staff at the reception took special care and moved us to the annex family room. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... Comment: I came to the hotel with my family for the 2nd time. We were also pleased that the majority of the hotel was family. We would like to thank the entire Aska Lara family. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. Comment: We had a family holiday and we will leave happily, thank you.. Comment: The staff and room cleaning were very nice, our smiling sister Ayse did her best for our peace, room 1287, I really recommend Aska Lara, 10 for family, 5 stars.. Both the restaurants and the lobby were incredibly relaxing for me and my family. Comment: My second visit with my family and we were amazed, it is a very nice hotel, and of course the rooms are clean and nice, the service is also good, they do not bring it late, the food is also good, I was satisfied with everything. Do not have any doubts about family matters. It is a perfect hotel for family guests, but one of the downsides is that we have to wait in long lines at the bars. We found the quality very successful as a family, but the only problem is that the hotel's parking problem needs to be solved, we have to park our cars outside 246. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with our family, the hotel was incredible, it was magnificent, I would recommend it to everyone, the lounge, bistro, asks, chef and anka restaurants and the launch bar, garden bar, pan, aroma bar, the service was magnificent, it was great, the staff was smiling, fast, friendly, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Halide and Zeynep Hanım who took care of us, also thank you to Yilmaz, Korkmaz, Alpert Kaya, Murat Turute, endless thanks, we will come again, especially for Yilmaz Bey 252. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. Comment: We had a great time with our family. Comment: We left our experience at Aska Lara Resort & Spa, where we stayed as a family between 27.07.2024 - 01.08.2024, with wonderful memories and great satisfaction. I would like to thank Ahmet Bey and the entire Aska Lara Resort & Spa family. We were very pleased as a family, everything was great. I would like to thank all the employees, they are all very warm, there is a very nice family atmosphere and Hayrullah Bey's cocktails at the bar are great, those who like 303 should definitely stop by Hayrullah Bey, you will not regret it. We were also very pleased with the family friendliness. Comment: 3rd time with my family. Comment: We have been coming here with my family with great pleasure since 2014. A complete family hotel where you can have a holiday with peace of mind🫶🏻 319. Thank you very much family 😊 324. For families with children there was a wide variety of pools play areas and the kidsclub was very active. There are fun water parks for kids. This year, our holiday became more enjoyable, especially with the Kids Club and the developing night animations. We would like to thank İsmail, Özkan, Ecem and Serhat at Aska Chef Snack; Emrecan at Ice Cream; Emirhan at the Main Restaurant; Barış and Yakup at Mozaik Restaurant; Ferhat and Selçuk at the Beach Bar; Şahin and Sevgi at the Spa; first of all, our most special thanks to Zeynep at the Kids Club and then Zarife, Cemile, Buket, Zühra, Cansu, Ceren; and Valeria at Guest Relations for her efforts and attention. activities, and you need to take a shuttle for the kids club. Children's activities, kids club, animation etc. Kids Club is working fine. 18-21 year old kids were drinking at night and banged on our room door at 2.22am. The only great thing about it is the kids entertainment. Kids club staff is very friendly. Zeynep from Kids Club. The kids club is particularly good. What else could I ask for other than a holiday where I can eat and drink as much as I want (I have to say that we got bored of eating on the last day and only ate fruit) and my child has a safe and fun time at the kids club? I would like to express my special thanks to Buket Hanım at Kids Club. Kids club activities were very nice. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. Cemilenur at the Kids Club had a very good interest and attention towards my son. We are very pleased, the kids club children's activities are beyond perfect, we are glad we chose Aşka Lara 👍 213. Cemilenur, who works at the Kids Club, for her interest and smiling face :) 223. We left our children at the kids club without any hesitation and had a comfortable holiday. Comment: We would like to thank Kids Club Ms. The sisters at the kids club (especially Zühra, Zeynep, Cemilenur) are very sweet. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. Comment: Everything was great, the kids club is very caring, very sincere, they make you feel that you are really cared for, especially thank you very much to Ms. Comment: I liked the hotel in general, my favorite part was the kids club, they are very entertaining, their activities are very good, see you next year 290. I definitely recommend it, it's a special place to spend time with your kids! Beforehand there are children's activities and a children's disco. Children's activities, kids club, animation etc. Ayşe for the children's activities. We are very pleased, the kids club children's activities are beyond perfect, we are glad we chose Aşka Lara 👍 213. This year, our holiday became more enjoyable, especially with the Kids Club and the developing night animations. We would like to thank İsmail, Özkan, Ecem and Serhat at Aska Chef Snack; Emrecan at Ice Cream; Emirhan at the Main Restaurant; Barış and Yakup at Mozaik Restaurant; Ferhat and Selçuk at the Beach Bar; Şahin and Sevgi at the Spa; first of all, our most special thanks to Zeynep at the Kids Club and then Zarife, Cemile, Buket, Zühra, Cansu, Ceren; and Valeria at Guest Relations for her efforts and attention. activities, and you need to take a shuttle for the kids club. Children's activities, kids club, animation etc. Kids Club is working fine. Kids club staff is very friendly. Zeynep from Kids Club. The kids club is particularly good. What else could I ask for other than a holiday where I can eat and drink as much as I want (I have to say that we got bored of eating on the last day and only ate fruit) and my child has a safe and fun time at the kids club? I would like to express my special thanks to Buket Hanım at Kids Club. Kids club activities were very nice. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. Cemilenur at the Kids Club had a very good interest and attention towards my son. We are very pleased, the kids club children's activities are beyond perfect, we are glad we chose Aşka Lara 👍 213. Cemilenur, who works at the Kids Club, for her interest and smiling face :) 223. We left our children at the kids club without any hesitation and had a comfortable holiday. Comment: We would like to thank Kids Club Ms. The sisters at the kids club (especially Zühra, Zeynep, Cemilenur) are very sweet. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. Comment: Everything was great, the kids club is very caring, very sincere, they make you feel that you are really cared for, especially thank you very much to Ms. Comment: I liked the hotel in general, my favorite part was the kids club, they are very entertaining, their activities are very good, see you next year 290. For families with children there was a wide variety of pools play areas and the kidsclub was very active. If we have a child, we may choose it again just for this reason, and we should not pass without appreciating the food section reserved for children. There is food everywhere in the hotel, it is impossible to stay hungry, the food is delicious, only if you are late for dinner the grills get cold, other than that the pools are good, shallow, suitable for families with children but not very appealing to young people and adults. We would like to thank the cafeteria staff, especially Ekin and Müzeyyen, who looked after the children's side. For those going as a couple, be careful, there were many families with children. There are many entertainment areas in the wet'n wild section for families with children. The animation and animation team are very entertaining for both children and adults. Everything has been done for both children and parents to spend quality time. Comment: If you are looking for a family holiday with children, this is a great choice. A hotel where your children will not get bored and where you can find activities for everyone from seven to seventy. I think it is a very good option especially for families with children. Also, there are a lot of children in the entertainment field, so it would be great if you could increase the number of your team with interns etc. The annex building is far for families with children. The animation team is very active, and the hotel is also very suitable for families with children. For this reason, we were very selective and what I will write will be guiding for families with children like us. An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. Fruit, dessert, grill, stew, appetizers, salad, fish and meat sections, breakfast, children's meals, diet meals, everything is very nice, clean and delicious. Beforehand there are children's activities and a children's disco. There was a smell problem in the room where my children stayed the first day, we requested a room change from the reception and they immediately provided the room. He prepared our room immediately, there are lots of activities for your children, the animation team is great. It is an ideal hotel for both families and children. Great for families with children. Children's activities, kids club, animation etc. Ayşe for the children's activities. We were a single couple, but there were many and nice activities for families with children. The floors around the pools are very slippery, there are warning signs everywhere but we saw children slipping and falling every day and getting injured, it would be good if a solution was found for this, I think it is very dangerous. There are many great activities for adults and children, we never got bored. There are many beautiful places especially for children. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. There are activities suitable for children, but I cannot say the same for adults. The reception at the children's amusement park said it was open until 12 at night but they closed it around 9 in the evening. The perfect place for families with children. There is only one activity for children that can be completed in one day. The pool area is very good, everything for children has been thought of. Everything has been thought of to entertain children. There are many beautiful and fun areas for children. I would also like to thank the mini club team, they were very interested in our children. A hotel with sufficient facilities for children. I loved the children's activity areas, everything was thought out down to the smallest detail. Our favorite from the animation team was Zühra, she took great care of our children and made us parents feel comfortable. It may be difficult for families with small children. I have to mention one thing, if you are coming with small children, the front part is very crowded, it may be fun for them, but we did not have any fun at the hotel, we only played volleyball, the slides were good. Comment: Everything was thought out down to the smallest detail, especially for our children. The hotel is suitable for both adults and children, there are many activity areas for children, and there are parties for adults. Ayşe” It is a nice hotel for families with children… Thanks to all the staff 181. The entertainment was great, especially the section for children. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. Gül, she takes great care of the children and they had a lot of fun and activities with our daughter. There are plenty of activity areas for children. Comment: We are very lucky to have a holiday in such a hotel fantastic service excellent service staff main restaurants and lounge bistro aska cheff sinek restaurant and bars service was perfect it was great lang bar halide and zeynep offered very nice drinks also restaurants chefs yilmaz korkmaz yunus geven murat turut mustafa çağatay bar chef ebru tufan kurtul aksiyon also thank you mr ramazan tez was very interested in us also thank you ekin menevse in the children's section her service with children was great including the children's club reception thank you very much everyone i can't name especially yilmaz korkmaz chef we will come again next year for the bar by the way the food is great delicious we will recommend it to everyone in the Netherlands hope to see you next year 202. There are areas where children can have fun. We are very pleased, the kids club children's activities are beyond perfect, we are glad we chose Aşka Lara 👍 213. Comment: The service in general, the variety of restaurants, the animation activities for children were of high quality and unlimited. Comment: The hotel is a real children's hotel, with a pool and lots of entertainment. They take very good care of the children. We left our children at the kids club without any hesitation and had a comfortable holiday. Also, Zarifa was very helpful for our children. There is all kinds of entertainment for children. They do different activities every day and make our children happy. A wonderful hotel, especially for children. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank Aksa Lara sales office staff Mustafa Tuksal for his interest and attention, for me it was a safe personality and everything he told me about the hotel was exactly the same, today is our first day at the hotel, we came with my wife and children, it is a safe hotel for families and children, but again I would like to thank Mustafa Tuksal and his colleagues Ali and the hotel owner 🙏 I am sure that I will thank them until the day I leave the hotel 258. FIRST FOR CHILDREN, THEN FOR ADULTS, DANCE SHOWS, ETC. I MEAN, THERE WERE SUCCESSFUL SHOWS FOR CHILDREN TOO. THERE ARE FUN SHOWS FOR CHILDREN. YOUR CHILDREN ALSO DO NOT FORGET THAT THEY ARE ON HOLIDAY. The children's entertainment areas and pools are quite nice. Comment: There are animations and activities for children and adults throughout the day. It is truly a great hotel for families with children. The fact that the playgrounds where children have fun in the evenings by the pool, especially the jumping and horse riding areas, open and close them as they wish is breaking the boundaries. Comment: We loved the children's club, the staff is very attentive, very cheerful, my children have so much fun with them, their energy is amazing, I would like to thank all of them, especially Ms.

Rating for Water Slides: 8.8
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 166
All results text for Water Slides: Although it looks like the aqua park and pools are right next to the hotel in the pictures, it is not. Beach, pool, aqua park area is around 2 km from where you are staying and is the hotel's own area. An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. Aqua park facilities are enjoyable. There is a wonderful aqua park at the Wet&Wild Park. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. If you say Aqua Park, there is no reception outside the hotel, the food is almost the same every day, it is far from Turkish cuisine and the room cleaning is zero. aqua 1 works except for the slide and its aqua is really good, I especially thank Hasan there, he is a very gentleman, he knows how to entertain people very well, he deserves his money to the fullest. Pools, slides and bars are quite sufficient. All the rooms are in the main building, there are no rooms on the beach side or on the side with the slides. The pool slides were also very ordinary, not fun at all. I have to mention one thing, if you are coming with small children, the front part is very crowded, it may be fun for them, but we did not have any fun at the hotel, we only played volleyball, the slides were good. Comment: The slides are very nice. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. Pool games are played every day during lunch break and it is very fun. There is a shuttle service for the pool and the beach, it departs every minute, and the beach is very close within walking distance. The pools are large and adequate, and the poolside snacks serve very well. For families with children there was a wide variety of pools play areas and the kidsclub was very active. The team that organizes the activities and entertainment of the hotel and the team that carries out the activities at the pool during the day and in the arena in the evening are always the same and it is obvious that they are tired and do not have fun, this energy is transferred to all the guests, and every service that the employees are not happy with reflects on us, the guests. There is food everywhere in the hotel, it is impossible to stay hungry, the food is delicious, only if you are late for dinner the grills get cold, other than that the pools are good, shallow, suitable for families with children but not very appealing to young people and adults. The animation team at the hotel can entertain people very well, especially with games in the pools etc. The pools are shallow, the sea has 140 cm waves, the food is good etc., top quality, I will choose this place again next year. The hotel is generally very clean, even the pool toilets are spotlessly clean. We used both the pool in the main building and the pools in the Wet n Wild area. We really liked Burak, the lifeguard at the pools, he is cheerful and does his job successfully. The other lifeguards leave the pool 10 minutes before 5 o'clock, even though it closes at 5 o'clock. Hopefully there will be no problems in the last 10 minutes at the pools! The pools were clean. I saw with my own eyes that samples were being taken from the pools. There are pools in two separate areas. They take buses and coaches to the second pool. Evening entertainment at the second pool area is very good and the animation team is very good. Although it looks like the aqua park and pools are right next to the hotel in the pictures, it is not. I went during a very hot time and even the pool did not cool me down. There are showers next to the pools, just to cool you down. The pool in front of the hotel is small, but the pool a little further down is adequate and more fun. The poolside is clean and the main restaurant is constantly being cleaned. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. Generally, the dirtiest toilets are the toilets in the pool area. The restaurants in the pool area have options such as lahmacun and wrap Adana pizza, and they are delicious. Beach, pool, aqua park area is around 2 km from where you are staying and is the hotel's own area. The daytime pool animations and evening stage animations were very good. 2- Shuttles providing transportation to the pool area are insufficient. 3- The restaurant section in the pool area serves mostly fast food products such as pizza, pita and bread for lunch. I would especially like to thank Mekselina from the restaurant section and Hakan, the patent waiter from the pool section. Aquapark, large pool, sea, night show-entertainment area are 2 minutes away by shuttle. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. Pools, beach, fun. The downside was that the jacuzzi pools and amusement park that were working when we visited in previous years were not working. The pool boats a little further away were almost 3 times cheaper. The enjoyable hours we spent by the pool and the entertaining activities organised by the animation team ensured that we had a full holiday. There are general swimming pools in the main building for food etc. There are not enough sunbeds at the pools, they are usually just left with towels thrown in. The pool and the sea were also beautiful. Pools, slides and bars are quite sufficient. Before arriving at the hotel, getting to the pool area by bus may confuse you. The hotel main building has restaurants, pools, bars, disco, cinema, Turkish bath and spa. An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. Our child loved the pools here. Since our holiday is focused on our child, we pay great attention to pools, activities, food, cleanliness, etc. If I were to talk about the animation team, and we did a lot of research on this, we wanted the child not to go to the sea or pool in the morning, have dinner and go to bed and sleep, we wanted them to have fun and have activities and entertainment in the evening. You can choose the pool with peace of mind that it is clean ☺️ 35. There is a main street between the main building and the pools where the activities are held and which are right next to the sea. Comment: This is our second time coming to Aska Hotel, the hotel was beautiful, it has become much more beautiful, thank you to everyone, an incredible holiday, the food, the drinks, the pool, the garden, everything was great, the main restaurant service, the lounge service, Aska chef service was perfect, fast and smiling, many thanks to Kürşat Günenire, Sila Karaca, Ekin Menekşe and their chef Tatbiki Yılmaz Korkumaz for taking care of us, thank you very much for making us feel at home, we will definitely come again next year and recommend it to everyone, we will come especially for Chef Yılmaz Korkumaz 43. What I see as a negative is that there is a long queue at the snack bar next to the pool and they are trying to prepare the orders at the same time. The pool area was large and clean, there were plenty of sun loungers and we were always able to find a spot. Pool games are played every day during lunch break and it is very fun. We stayed in a standard pool view room at the hotel, it was generally nice but maybe the toilet and shower sections seemed to need maintenance. There is also a pool where the main building of the hotel is, but I recommend that you do not waste your time there and spend time at the beach and water park because it has a beautiful beach and the pool and activities there are much better. If you go to the pool at 11 o'clock and sunbathe, your chances of finding a spot are very low, so my advice is to take your towel on the first day and not give it back, and have someone from the family take the spot... Nice in pools. Pools can be crowded at some hours. There are pools next to the main building of the hotel. As a family, we caught germs from the pool and spent days in the hospital. Comment: The service in the bars is very good, especially the Panorama Bar, Brasserie Bar, Pool Bar, Central Bar, Beach Bar, Aska Chef Bar, Lounge Bar and Garden Bar has great service, the cocktails were excellent. The rooms, restaurants, pools and activities were very good. But the pools were spotless. Comment: The pool and the sea were generally clean and beautiful. The floors around the pools are very slippery, there are warning signs everywhere but we saw children slipping and falling every day and getting injured, it would be good if a solution was found for this, I think it is very dangerous. The food served at your restaurant was delicious and your spa and pool areas were very comfortable. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. You have to go to the pool in the morning, when you go at 10:30 you cannot find a place as the sun loungers are full. The pool slides were also very ordinary, not fun at all. As a family, we caught germs from the pool. The pool area is very good, everything for children has been thought of. There is no problem except that you have to use a spittoon to get to the pool. Don't be confused by the shuttle service from the hotel to the pool and entertainment areas. It was always possible to find the pools and rooms clean. The pool could be given more hygienic attention. Cons: There is no good ventilation system in the restaurant in the main building, there is a smell of smoke at the entrance and the pools are very hot as if you are entering thermal water. Evening activities are also at the pool area. The pool is clean, the sea is full of small fish biting, the beach is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. Entertainment areas and pools met our request. Selçuk at the Aqua pool bar for his interest in his work and his friendliness. It is so big that there are 5 pools, a pier and 3 restaurants (Aska Chef. Food, desserts, breakfast, restaurants by the pool, gözleme, and many more things I can't think of. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. The sea and pools were very nice. The rooms and pool were clean. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. The pools and the sea were very nice. Even though it is an annex building, there is a shuttle service to the pools and you don't have to wait long. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel is the pools are insufficient, you can't swim comfortably and the pools are very hot. Comment: The hotel's food, rooms, pools, sea and staff are excellent. The pool and sea areas are also very good. The complex (pool and beach) is very nice and it is very easy to get to the beach by bus. Comment: Rooms, pool and restaurant area are clean. The rooms were very comfortable and clean, the hotel has several pools. Comment: The hotel is a real children's hotel, with a pool and lots of entertainment. There are things we would like to add, tonight was our last day, special thanks to Halide Hanım from the lounge bar, Taner Bey, Zeynep Hanım, may your smiling faces never disappear, I open a separate parenthesis (thanks also to skater Hakan Bey who did not make us feel alone with his treats from the poolside) 224. The pool was nice, the sea was average. Don't be fooled by the fact that the sea and activity pools are a bit farther away, they can be easily reached both by shuttle and on foot. Comment: Food could be more diverse, activities are very nice, location is good, but the hotel consists of blocks, there is a tunnel passage in between, but the weather is very hot, even if it is close, it is very difficult to walk, also the parking problem is very big, it is a hotel with space for 10 vehicles, the best part is the beach, the pools are perfect, clean 248. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Our room is spotlessly clean and prepared when we come back from the pool. I am here for 2 more days today, I wanted to write with impatience, very friendly people welcomed me at the entrance reception and helped me, the food is really nice, for a middle segment hotel, a lobster is missing and the food is very delicious, even by the pool, the waiters bring drinks, we have a 4 year old son and he has incredible fun, the evening activities are very nice, we were very pleased, thank you to Aşka Lara team 255. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. Hakan, who skates at the pool bar, and Mrs. Especially the pool area was very good. JANNA TOLD US THAT EVEN THOUGH OUR ROOM HAD A LAND VIEW, THERE WAS SPACE AND WE COULD GO TO A ROOM WITH A POOL VIEW. THE HOTEL HAS ITS OWN POOL IN THE MAIN BUILDING, BUT WE WENT TO THE POOL IN THE ENTERTAINMENT SECTION WHEN WE WENT AWAY FROM THE HOTEL. The pools in the entertainment area were clean. Since it has become easier to find certain hours, we first went into the sea and then came to the pool area. The beach side was a perfect hotel with a very large pool area, and the food and bar services were very good. The pool shows during the day and evening are also nice. The children's entertainment areas and pools are quite nice. Aska chef poolside cafe you are great!!!! I note that my child caught germs from the pool. The service is extremely good, but the pools and their surroundings and the shared toilets are not very hygienic, and the shared toilets are used quite dirty. The fact that the playgrounds where children have fun in the evenings by the pool, especially the jumping and horse riding areas, open and close them as they wish is breaking the boundaries. I think it was a perfect place with everything, from the food to the pools, the rooms were very clean. It is a wonderful hotel, the pool and the sea are really wonderful for those who want to come. There are fun water parks for kids. Don't worry about getting there by shuttle, we never had to wait for the bus, you can even walk back if you want, the distance between the water park and the main building is that close. The smell gets worse especially when there is fish in the water. The waterfront area was so packed that we didn't even want to come for lunch during the day. There is also a pool where the main building of the hotel is, but I recommend that you do not waste your time there and spend time at the beach and water park because it has a beautiful beach and the pool and activities there are much better. The water is neither cold nor hot. Daytime activities are quite plentiful and active, especially water gym activity. Cons: There is no good ventilation system in the restaurant in the main building, there is a smell of smoke at the entrance and the pools are very hot as if you are entering thermal water. (The Most Negative Side ❗️) * THERE IS NO COLD WATER in any bar or restaurant in the hotel... You can only find the coldest water of the hotel in the patisserie section to drink (Negative aspect ❗️) * Daily cleaning in the rooms is insufficient and careless, the materials that need to be completed as standard are not completed properly (Negative aspect ❗️) * Drinks in cardboard cups are ok outdoors, I understand that, but inside the hotel, especially the bartenders serve drinks in glass cups without any effort, especially whiskey or vodka etc. There are general swimming pools in the main building for food etc. Around 12 o'clock there are no more empty lounge chairs in the swimming area, people go by shuttle after breakfast, leave their towels and come back. I didn't like that there was a jet ski right next to the swimming area in the sea. The pools are large and adequate, and the poolside snacks serve very well. The poolside is clean and the main restaurant is constantly being cleaned. There are things we would like to add, tonight was our last day, special thanks to Halide Hanım from the lounge bar, Taner Bey, Zeynep Hanım, may your smiling faces never disappear, I open a separate parenthesis (thanks also to skater Hakan Bey who did not make us feel alone with his treats from the poolside) 224. Aska chef poolside cafe you are great!!!! Evening entertainment at the second pool area is very good and the animation team is very good. Generally, the dirtiest toilets are the toilets in the pool area. The restaurants in the pool area have options such as lahmacun and wrap Adana pizza, and they are delicious. 2- Shuttles providing transportation to the pool area are insufficient. 3- The restaurant section in the pool area serves mostly fast food products such as pizza, pita and bread for lunch. Before arriving at the hotel, getting to the pool area by bus may confuse you. The pool area was large and clean, there were plenty of sun loungers and we were always able to find a spot. The food served at your restaurant was delicious and your spa and pool areas were very comfortable. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. The pool area is very good, everything for children has been thought of. Evening activities are also at the pool area. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. Especially the pool area was very good. Since it has become easier to find certain hours, we first went into the sea and then came to the pool area. The beach side was a perfect hotel with a very large pool area, and the food and bar services were very good. Pool games are played every day during lunch break and it is very fun. Pool games are played every day during lunch break and it is very fun.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 9.6
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 146
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): When the bus broke down, we had to walk with our stroller. The ones after that were not very pleasing to me, in general the hotel is family friendly. My family and I stayed in a standard room for 4 people. Comment: We stayed at your hotel as a family for 4 nights and 5 days. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. I can say that it is a true family hotel, but it also has halls and areas suitable for congress and meeting purposes. The hotel is a truly family-friendly establishment in every aspect. Comment: If you are looking for a family holiday with children, this is a great choice. Comment: A true family hotel, I can come again, everything is perfect. The hotel is a family-friendly hotel, brimming with managers and staff who have always managed to maintain a family atmosphere and customer satisfaction at the highest level. I wish success to the Aska family. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. Comment: Last week, I came with my family and we had a wonderful holiday. Comment: A wonderful environment where you can have a family holiday. My family and I were very satisfied, thank you for everything 🧡 46. It's a family hotel and they are really great about the food, there are so many options you will definitely not go hungry. Comment: 2nd with my family. Comment: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 days in April with the all-inclusive concept. If you go to the pool at 11 o'clock and sunbathe, your chances of finding a spot are very low, so my advice is to take your towel on the first day and not give it back, and have someone from the family take the spot... Thank you Aska family for making it perfect👏 62. As a family, we caught germs from the pool and spent days in the hospital. Comment: Soyız ASKA hotel officials During the holiday we spent with my family of 6 at your hotel. It is not a family hotel. We had a great time as a family. Thank you very much for everything, Aska Lara family 🥰 89. We were absolutely pleased with everything as a family. As a family, we caught germs from the pool. Comment: I come every year, my annual leave is indispensable, I can say that it is my home, my family in August, I highly recommend the hotel without exaggeration, I don't know what else I can say, everything is perfect, just sell the house and come and have a wonderful holiday, it is worth it. Thank you so much for providing us with service with these decent people and making us feel like a family. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. Comment: Our first time here with my family. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. We spent our honeymoon here in May and enjoyed it so much that we brought our whole family with us this time. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel as a family. Comment: hello aska hotel we came for the first time with our big family the hotel is unbelievably beautiful we will definitely recommend it and we will definitely come the main restaurant service launge fly restaurant service aska chef service fantastic excellent and it was great thank you to mehmet kurt eda ertunga and their chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper kaya who took care of us the staff is very smiling and fast friendly ramazan tez ercan inci thank you for having such a staff everyone is great great service also thanks to ahmet davaz bey 122. Comment: I came to the hotel with my family for the 3rd time. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. Nemo made us feel like we were one of the family, it was very fun 147. Comment: Aska Hotel is our first experience, we came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, the activities are very nice, the food is delicious, the main restaurant service, aska chef restaurant service and the lounge restaurants service were perfect, fast and smiling, thank you to serhat babur who took care of us, of course the chefs yilmaz korkmaz and yunus given, also thank you very much, thank you very much to ramazan tez and murat turute for having such beautiful and smiling staff, also thank you to halide for the lounge bar service, we will come again, see you soon, also thank you very much to ahmet davaz bey 150. Comment: We have been very pleased since the first day we came here, we have not had any problems, the cleaning is really good, the helpful ladies are very sweet and helpful, the food is very good, it is very clean and incredibly careful, there is no chance of you going hungry here, thank you for everything, and without forgetting Aska Lara's family, we would like to thank Mr. Comment: We came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, beautiful, wonderful, main restaurant service, launge, sinek restaurant service, aska sef, sinek restaurant service is fantastic, incredible, fast, beautiful and smiling, eda ertunga and their chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, thank you very much, ramazan tez, ercan inci, thank you very much for having such professional, smiling staff, also thank you ahmet davaz, 163. Comment: We came to Aska Lara with our large family. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. My family and I, especially our two daughters, made wonderful memories at this beautiful hotel. We had an unforgettable holiday thanks to the family atmosphere, comfort and friendly service. Suitable for your family. Comment: Everything was great, a true family hotel. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. Although we did not book a family room, the staff at the reception took special care and moved us to the annex family room. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... Comment: I came to the hotel with my family for the 2nd time. We were also pleased that the majority of the hotel was family. We would like to thank the entire Aska Lara family. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. Comment: We had a family holiday and we will leave happily, thank you.. Comment: The staff and room cleaning were very nice, our smiling sister Ayse did her best for our peace, room 1287, I really recommend Aska Lara, 10 for family, 5 stars.. Both the restaurants and the lobby were incredibly relaxing for me and my family. Comment: My second visit with my family and we were amazed, it is a very nice hotel, and of course the rooms are clean and nice, the service is also good, they do not bring it late, the food is also good, I was satisfied with everything. Do not have any doubts about family matters. It is a perfect hotel for family guests, but one of the downsides is that we have to wait in long lines at the bars. We found the quality very successful as a family, but the only problem is that the hotel's parking problem needs to be solved, we have to park our cars outside 246. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with our family, the hotel was incredible, it was magnificent, I would recommend it to everyone, the lounge, bistro, asks, chef and anka restaurants and the launch bar, garden bar, pan, aroma bar, the service was magnificent, it was great, the staff was smiling, fast, friendly, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Halide and Zeynep Hanım who took care of us, also thank you to Yilmaz, Korkmaz, Alpert Kaya, Murat Turute, endless thanks, we will come again, especially for Yilmaz Bey 252. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. Comment: We had a great time with our family. Comment: We left our experience at Aska Lara Resort & Spa, where we stayed as a family between 27.07.2024 - 01.08.2024, with wonderful memories and great satisfaction. I would like to thank Ahmet Bey and the entire Aska Lara Resort & Spa family. We were very pleased as a family, everything was great. I would like to thank all the employees, they are all very warm, there is a very nice family atmosphere and Hayrullah Bey's cocktails at the bar are great, those who like 303 should definitely stop by Hayrullah Bey, you will not regret it. We were also very pleased with the family friendliness. Comment: 3rd time with my family. Comment: We have been coming here with my family with great pleasure since 2014. A complete family hotel where you can have a holiday with peace of mind🫶🏻 319. Thank you very much family 😊 324. We had a great time even with our 10-month-old baby. It is very difficult to go to the beach with a baby. For families with children there was a wide variety of pools play areas and the kidsclub was very active. If we have a child, we may choose it again just for this reason, and we should not pass without appreciating the food section reserved for children. There is food everywhere in the hotel, it is impossible to stay hungry, the food is delicious, only if you are late for dinner the grills get cold, other than that the pools are good, shallow, suitable for families with children but not very appealing to young people and adults. We would like to thank the cafeteria staff, especially Ekin and Müzeyyen, who looked after the children's side. For those going as a couple, be careful, there were many families with children. There are many entertainment areas in the wet'n wild section for families with children. The animation and animation team are very entertaining for both children and adults. Everything has been done for both children and parents to spend quality time. Comment: If you are looking for a family holiday with children, this is a great choice. A hotel where your children will not get bored and where you can find activities for everyone from seven to seventy. I think it is a very good option especially for families with children. Also, there are a lot of children in the entertainment field, so it would be great if you could increase the number of your team with interns etc. The annex building is far for families with children. The animation team is very active, and the hotel is also very suitable for families with children. For this reason, we were very selective and what I will write will be guiding for families with children like us. An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. Fruit, dessert, grill, stew, appetizers, salad, fish and meat sections, breakfast, children's meals, diet meals, everything is very nice, clean and delicious. Beforehand there are children's activities and a children's disco. There was a smell problem in the room where my children stayed the first day, we requested a room change from the reception and they immediately provided the room. He prepared our room immediately, there are lots of activities for your children, the animation team is great. It is an ideal hotel for both families and children. Great for families with children. Children's activities, kids club, animation etc. Ayşe for the children's activities. We were a single couple, but there were many and nice activities for families with children. The floors around the pools are very slippery, there are warning signs everywhere but we saw children slipping and falling every day and getting injured, it would be good if a solution was found for this, I think it is very dangerous. There are many great activities for adults and children, we never got bored. There are many beautiful places especially for children. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. There are activities suitable for children, but I cannot say the same for adults. The reception at the children's amusement park said it was open until 12 at night but they closed it around 9 in the evening. The perfect place for families with children. There is only one activity for children that can be completed in one day. The pool area is very good, everything for children has been thought of. Everything has been thought of to entertain children. There are many beautiful and fun areas for children. I would also like to thank the mini club team, they were very interested in our children. A hotel with sufficient facilities for children. I loved the children's activity areas, everything was thought out down to the smallest detail. Our favorite from the animation team was Zühra, she took great care of our children and made us parents feel comfortable. It may be difficult for families with small children. I have to mention one thing, if you are coming with small children, the front part is very crowded, it may be fun for them, but we did not have any fun at the hotel, we only played volleyball, the slides were good. Comment: Everything was thought out down to the smallest detail, especially for our children. The hotel is suitable for both adults and children, there are many activity areas for children, and there are parties for adults. Ayşe” It is a nice hotel for families with children… Thanks to all the staff 181. The entertainment was great, especially the section for children. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. Gül, she takes great care of the children and they had a lot of fun and activities with our daughter. There are plenty of activity areas for children. Comment: We are very lucky to have a holiday in such a hotel fantastic service excellent service staff main restaurants and lounge bistro aska cheff sinek restaurant and bars service was perfect it was great lang bar halide and zeynep offered very nice drinks also restaurants chefs yilmaz korkmaz yunus geven murat turut mustafa çağatay bar chef ebru tufan kurtul aksiyon also thank you mr ramazan tez was very interested in us also thank you ekin menevse in the children's section her service with children was great including the children's club reception thank you very much everyone i can't name especially yilmaz korkmaz chef we will come again next year for the bar by the way the food is great delicious we will recommend it to everyone in the Netherlands hope to see you next year 202. There are areas where children can have fun. We are very pleased, the kids club children's activities are beyond perfect, we are glad we chose Aşka Lara 👍 213. Comment: The service in general, the variety of restaurants, the animation activities for children were of high quality and unlimited. Comment: The hotel is a real children's hotel, with a pool and lots of entertainment. They take very good care of the children. We left our children at the kids club without any hesitation and had a comfortable holiday. Also, Zarifa was very helpful for our children. There is all kinds of entertainment for children. They do different activities every day and make our children happy. A wonderful hotel, especially for children. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank Aksa Lara sales office staff Mustafa Tuksal for his interest and attention, for me it was a safe personality and everything he told me about the hotel was exactly the same, today is our first day at the hotel, we came with my wife and children, it is a safe hotel for families and children, but again I would like to thank Mustafa Tuksal and his colleagues Ali and the hotel owner 🙏 I am sure that I will thank them until the day I leave the hotel 258. FIRST FOR CHILDREN, THEN FOR ADULTS, DANCE SHOWS, ETC. I MEAN, THERE WERE SUCCESSFUL SHOWS FOR CHILDREN TOO. THERE ARE FUN SHOWS FOR CHILDREN. YOUR CHILDREN ALSO DO NOT FORGET THAT THEY ARE ON HOLIDAY. The children's entertainment areas and pools are quite nice. Comment: There are animations and activities for children and adults throughout the day. It is truly a great hotel for families with children. The fact that the playgrounds where children have fun in the evenings by the pool, especially the jumping and horse riding areas, open and close them as they wish is breaking the boundaries. Comment: We loved the children's club, the staff is very attentive, very cheerful, my children have so much fun with them, their energy is amazing, I would like to thank all of them, especially Ms.

Rating for Beach: 8.7
Total number of comments for Beach: 126
All results text for Beach: There is a shuttle service for the pool and the beach, it departs every minute, and the beach is very close within walking distance. Beach volleyball is very good, many thanks to brother Ferhat there. Both the sea and the beach were sandy and beautiful. There is a line at most bars, but the bartenders, especially Selçuk who works at the beach bar and Eren who works at a bar in the hotel, were very attentive and made us completely happy. There were a lot of waves on the beach, we were only able to enter once. Ali Osman, who works at the beach bar during the day, is very friendly and sincere, his bilateral relations were good, and his unique cocktails are great. The same situation applies to the beach bar chef, Mr. As for the downsides, there is always a line at the beach bar in the evenings, you have to wait in line for 15-20 minutes. Our arrival is the best and most beautiful of all hotels, I really say Aska, the food, the drinks, the service quality, the staff, everything, we say Aska, the garden side is very nice, it has been renewed and is perfect, the restaurant service Aska, the chef, the fly restaurant service, the lounge fly restaurant service, the bar services, including the breseri and the panorama beach bar, the service was perfect, it was fantastic, thank you very much Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, thank you very much for being smiling, sincere and friendly and taking care of us, and especially Yilmaz Korkmaz, the chefs, his incredible conversation, his service, his taking care of us, providing every request we had every day, it was very nice, also thank you Alper Kaya, Ahmet Davaz, Ramazan Tez, we are glad that they have such chefs and staff, thank you, we will come again and recommend it to everyone in England. Beach, pool, aqua park area is around 2 km from where you are staying and is the hotel's own area. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. We would like to thank İsmail, Özkan, Ecem and Serhat at Aska Chef Snack; Emrecan at Ice Cream; Emirhan at the Main Restaurant; Barış and Yakup at Mozaik Restaurant; Ferhat and Selçuk at the Beach Bar; Şahin and Sevgi at the Spa; first of all, our most special thanks to Zeynep at the Kids Club and then Zarife, Cemile, Buket, Zühra, Cansu, Ceren; and Valeria at Guest Relations for her efforts and attention. Pools, beach, fun. The building where the Anex rooms are located (I don't know about this place, I haven't been there), the main building and the facility where the beach is. You can walk from the main building to the beach in 5 minutes, but there are shuttle services from the main hotel building to the beach every 5 minutes and you can be there in 2 minutes. You can spend time here without going to the beach area, and that's how we spent one day. The facilities in the beach section are very nice. Snacks, hamburgers, pasta types, countless drinks, ice creams, pancakes, baked potatoes, the sea, the beach, everything is wonderful. Events and shows start around 21:00 on the giant stage in the beach section. Since the hotel is on the road, you can enter the beach area by bus. The main activities are in the beach section. There is also a pool where the main building of the hotel is, but I recommend that you do not waste your time there and spend time at the beach and water park because it has a beautiful beach and the pool and activities there are much better. - Sun Queen Beach Hotel was opened for business in 2000. (One year later, its name was changed to Just In Beach.) - In 2009, the ownership of Club N hotel was taken over and its name was changed to Buket Resort & Spa. The only question mark seems to be that the beach part is separate from the hotel, but since both the beach part is within walking distance and there are constant services inside, there is no problem. The beach bar built this year added a different beauty to our holiday. You go to the beach by shuttle vehicles. Comment: The service in the bars is very good, especially the Panorama Bar, Brasserie Bar, Pool Bar, Central Bar, Beach Bar, Aska Chef Bar, Lounge Bar and Garden Bar has great service, the cocktails were excellent. Comment: It is a very good hotel in terms of price performance, but if you are someone who loves the sea, the beach is not nice at all, it is pebbly and deepens after 1 meter. The lady at the reception offered us a room in the next building in exchange for a one-time free a la carte restaurant and a day at the beach in a bungalow. All the rooms are in the main building, there are no rooms on the beach side or on the side with the slides. You can find an event in every area, at every hour, I especially loved the shows held on the beach after dinner. -You should be prepared to set off on the bus to the beach in the middle of the heat, loaded with fish. Comment: The hotel is big and nice, but I think it is a bit difficult to go to the beach by bus, if you want to come to the room you have to wait for the bus. The bus to the beach leaves every 3 minutes, so it's definitely not a problem. Everywhere is spotlessly clean and green, especially the Beach bar is very entertaining. Oktay Bey and Ferhat are energetic at the Lower Beach bar and Evren Hanım at the Garden bar provide very good service. The pool is clean, the sea is full of small fish biting, the beach is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. Comment: The hotel with the largest beach I have ever seen. The distance between the beach and the hotel is by bus, but it leaves every 5-10 minutes to get to the hotel, get dressed, etc. There is a shuttle service from the hotel to the beach. Brother Hamza, the evening service in front of the beach, is a very hardworking, respectful person who tried to get everywhere, thank you. The beach was nice in the mornings and then it was very muddy and dirty. In that heat, guests are carrying drinks from the bar on the beach, this does not suit you Aska Lara Resort. Arif at the beach bar, the animators were very good, Ayşe Sevgül, Melike and especially Mr. I couldn't choose what to eat, those who are afraid of gaining weight should not enter the kitchen😋 especially Melih from the animation team, your energy is amazing, I hope you don't lose your energy😍 Gül and Ayşe, you are wonderful, I will never forget my threesome, Gül Hanım, who also takes care of my daughter, will never forget you in nature🥰 The only problem is that you have to go to the beach by bus, but the staff fills this gap. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. The complex (pool and beach) is very nice and it is very easy to get to the beach by bus. Comment: Beach bar staff was very polite. Thank you for everything Beach bar team. Comment: We came to Omelet for the first time and liked it very much, the food is great, delicious, the playgrounds are very nice, the mosquito restaurants are incredible, the main restaurant and the lounge, Aska Chef, the restaurant and the bars, the beach bar and Cihan, the lounge bar, Halide and Zeynep, the service was incredible, fast and nice, in one word, it was great, fantastic, Ekin, Menevse, Cetin, Akcan, the restaurant chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, Yunus, Guven, Marat Turut, thank you very much to all of them, they are all very caring, especially for Yilmaz Chef, we will really come next year, we are here, he made us feel at home, the hotel is really beautiful, 221. It was exactly as I expected, except that the shuttle from the main building to the beach got boring after a while and simple food like popcorn was charged. Especially the beach concept of the hotel is very exclusive. Comment: Food could be more diverse, activities are very nice, location is good, but the hotel consists of blocks, there is a tunnel passage in between, but the weather is very hot, even if it is close, it is very difficult to walk, also the parking problem is very big, it is a hotel with space for 10 vehicles, the best part is the beach, the pools are perfect, clean 248. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. The beach side was a perfect hotel with a very large pool area, and the food and bar services were very good. It is very difficult to go to the beach with a baby. Selçuk at the beach bar and the waitress Ms. Every day when we came back from the beach, the room was as clean as the first day. Comment: First of all, we were very pleased with the attention and concern of the waiters at the beach and garden bars, especially Tunahan. The sea is a mixture of sand and gravel but it is very wavy, so if you do not come in the morning, you may encounter waves of up to 1.5 meters in the evening. Both the sea and the beach were sandy and beautiful. (Or at this point, improving the ventilation) On the seaside, your feet burn on the sand from the sunbed to the sea. Comment: Pros; Food (Nice meat products) Starbucks Desserts, local drinks Massage was great, they give discounts Cons; The sea is sandy but not clear, it cannot be compared to the Aegean Sea Disco needs to be revived, no one invites to the disco There is no snack bar in the main building Foreign drinks are not of good quality In short, it was enjoyable, I may come again. The pool is clean, the sea is full of small fish biting, the beach is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. But the sea part is small pebbled and very wavy. After a few steps, you reach the height distance and you encounter a very muddy sea because of the waves. The sea is a mixture of sand and gravel but it is very wavy, so if you do not come in the morning, you may encounter waves of up to 1.5 meters in the evening. The pools are shallow, the sea has 140 cm waves, the food is good etc., top quality, I will choose this place again next year. Comment: First of all, I must say that I found it after a lot of research. The sea was clean. Both the sea and the beach were sandy and beautiful. I did some research and I think the boss is happy with the staff that has been trained from the core. At the snack restaurant, it was very crowded at noon and you could not find a seat, and the waiters were indifferent to Turks. Aquapark, large pool, sea, night show-entertainment area are 2 minutes away by shuttle. The taste and variety are excellent both in the hotel's main restaurant and in the restaurants in the seaside section. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. Parking is limited inside, they usually move outside, there is no parking problem outside, there were 2,065 people in the hotel even though it was the end of the season. (Or at this point, improving the ventilation) On the seaside, your feet burn on the sand from the sunbed to the sea. Unfortunately, for this place, they usually make a wooden road to the sea. Because the seating arrangement in the entertainment area is flat, sometimes the shows are not visible and you cannot fully adapt. The pool and the sea were also beautiful. Since we started looking for a hotel, we did a lot of research until we decided on this place. I think what I write here will be very helpful for those searching for a hotel. Snacks, hamburgers, pasta types, countless drinks, ice creams, pancakes, baked potatoes, the sea, the beach, everything is wonderful. If I were to talk about the animation team, and we did a lot of research on this, we wanted the child not to go to the sea or pool in the morning, have dinner and go to bed and sleep, we wanted them to have fun and have activities and entertainment in the evening. The sea was beautiful early in the morning, but in the afternoon it could get wavy and dirty. There is a main street between the main building and the pools where the activities are held and which are right next to the sea. I liked the garden bar the most, it's a nice area to take a break after the sea. Comment: Pros; Food (Nice meat products) Starbucks Desserts, local drinks Massage was great, they give discounts Cons; The sea is sandy but not clear, it cannot be compared to the Aegean Sea Disco needs to be revived, no one invites to the disco There is no snack bar in the main building Foreign drinks are not of good quality In short, it was enjoyable, I may come again. Even though the season had not yet started, it was completely full, especially with British and Russian tourists making up the majority. - At the end of the 2008 season, the management of Club Sun Heaven was abandoned and the management of Costa Hotel was taken over. - The capacity of Buse Resort Hotel was increased in the winter season of 2011. The sea is very beautiful. The only negative thing I can say is that the closer parts of the sea were a bit dirty. Comment: It is a very good hotel in terms of price performance, but if you are someone who loves the sea, the beach is not nice at all, it is pebbly and deepens after 1 meter. Comment: The pool and the sea were generally clean and beautiful. Comment: First of all, let me say this: YOU CAN GO TO THE SEA BY BUS! Please be informed that you will be returning to the hotel from the sea for at least half an hour for dinner. Comment: -Do not come here thinking it is right next to the sea, -Especially do not decide that you will be staying in an aparthotel other than a hotel, in a building 500 meters back on a street that is 80 meters away from the annex building. Comment: When I came to Antalya, I liked the exterior appearance of the hotel and researched its website. As I researched and read in the comments, the hotel is very clean and the staff is extremely nice and hardworking. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. I didn't like that there was a jet ski right next to the swimming area in the sea. Comment: Being far from the sea is tiring. The pool is clean, the sea is full of small fish biting, the beach is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. Comment: The evening food court smells terrible and you can't eat, it disgusts you, the sea wasn't very good either, it suddenly becomes deep and it's very dangerous, the towels in the room also smelled, apart from that the animators were warm-blooded, fun people, Gül Ayşe Melih were very good, that's all my comments, those who are obsessed with food shouldn't come, they will starve, there isn't even Netflix in the rooms 159. Gül, even if there was only 1 person, the activities continued, room cleaning did not cause any problems, the food was good, the activity area was very nice, it was a very large area, the sea was clean but it got deep quickly (172). The sea and pools were very nice. The pools and the sea were very nice. - Location: When it comes to location, although we specifically called both the tour company and the hotel to ask, they said that it is very close to the sea and that we can reach it by a golf cart-style transportation. However, without our knowledge, we were booked into a separate complex behind the hotel and we had to travel from the hotel to the sea by a small bus/shuttle. Comment: The hotel's food, rooms, pools, sea and staff are excellent. The pool and sea areas are also very good. The location is good, close to the sea. The pool was nice, the sea was average. Don't be fooled by the fact that the sea and activity pools are a bit farther away, they can be easily reached both by shuttle and on foot. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Since it has become easier to find certain hours, we first went into the sea and then came to the pool area. We have been vacationing at Aska Lara every season since 2017, but this is the first time we are leaving this happy thanks to Cansu Hanım. We have decided to make a reservation again before the end of this season, we are taking a short break at the moment but we will see you again soon. It is a wonderful hotel, the pool and the sea are really wonderful for those who want to come. After a few steps, you reach the height distance and you encounter a very muddy sea because of the waves. The sea is a mixture of sand and gravel but it is very wavy, so if you do not come in the morning, you may encounter waves of up to 1.5 meters in the evening. The pools are shallow, the sea has 140 cm waves, the food is good etc., top quality, I will choose this place again next year. There were a lot of waves on the beach, we were only able to enter once.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 7.8
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 20
All results text for Spa and Wellness: We chose Aska Lara Resort and Spa Hotel upon recommendation. If they ask me if I would come to Aksa Lara Resort Spa again, I would definitely come. The spa and fitness centers were also well equipped. Especially the spa services made our holiday even more relaxing. - In 2012, the foundation of the 5-star, 545-room Lara Resort & Spa Hotel was laid in the Lara / Kundu / Kemerağzı location. The food served at your restaurant was delicious and your spa and pool areas were very comfortable. Review: We recently stayed at Aska Lara resort and spa for 10 nights. We stayed with Aska Lara resort and spa for 10 nights recently. Serkan in the spa department 😂♥️ 160. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday for a week again this year at the Aska Resort and Spa Hotel in Antalya Lara! I would like to thank Ahmet Bey and the entire Aska Lara Resort & Spa family. I also definitely recommend getting a massage at the Spa, they are really good. We also had a massage, it was paid. I recommend it (Bali Massage). Comment: Pros; Food (Nice meat products) Starbucks Desserts, local drinks Massage was great, they give discounts Cons; The sea is sandy but not clear, it cannot be compared to the Aegean Sea Disco needs to be revived, no one invites to the disco There is no snack bar in the main building Foreign drinks are not of good quality In short, it was enjoyable, I may come again. I can say that Züleyha and Miko are very successful massage experts. Aska Lara Hotel is the perfect place for both relaxation and entertainment. Comment: I have never been subjected to such treatment in my life. Cons: There is no good ventilation system in the restaurant in the main building, there is a smell of smoke at the entrance and the pools are very hot as if you are entering thermal water. The downside was that the jacuzzi pools and amusement park that were working when we visited in previous years were not working.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 9.4
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 10
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: The night entertainment was very good, especially Michael Jackson was very good. What I can say negatively is that the night entertainment of the hotel, especially the club inside the hotel, is very weak, not appealing at all and no one goes there anyway. The evening shows are of high quality and enjoyable to watch. The evening shows are very successful and entertaining. The evening shows are very entertaining. The evening shows were also very good. The evening shows of the Animation Team are quite enjoyable and the team is quite successful. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. The evening shows are not to be missed. It would have been better if there was live music etc.

Rating for Honeymoon: 8.3
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 10
All results text for Honeymoon: Comment: We came to the hotel for our 4-night honeymoon and were greeted with smiles and welcome everywhere, including the entrance. Comment: We chose the hotel as a honeymoon couple. Comment: Hello Lara, we are a honeymoon couple and we chose Aska for this trip that we will experience for the first time. Comment: We chose the hotel for our honeymoon because of its proximity to the airport. We spent our honeymoon here in May and enjoyed it so much that we brought our whole family with us this time. Comment: We stayed in the honeymoon suite room number 1785. We came as a honeymoon couple. We were very pleased as a honeymoon couple. Comment: It was the hotel we chose for our honeymoon, we were very pleased, the guys at the bar were very attentive and prepared incredibly nice cocktails, the hotel was very nice in every sense, we were very pleased, 312 is a place we want to come back to. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102.

Rating for Special Menu: 9.4
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 8
All results text for Special Menu: During our meals, they quickly fulfilled all our requests and always provided service with a smile. The hotel's buffet meals were diverse and delicious. Fruit, dessert, grill, stew, appetizers, salad, fish and meat sections, breakfast, children's meals, diet meals, everything is very nice, clean and delicious. The food is repetitive considering the day and meals. The meals are filling and perfect for families. I HEAR THAT THERE IS A DISTANCE BETWEEN THE ANEX BUILDING AND THE MAIN BUILDING WHERE MEALS ARE EATEN AND THE SERVICES GOING TO THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA ARE HERE. You can buy your meals and alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks there. The meals were delicious and had plenty of variety.

Rating for Party Experience: 10.0
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 6
All results text for Party Experience: The shows are generally good, but it would be great if the party was a little more fun. There are many event activities and party activity areas. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. It would have been better if there was live music etc. Thanks for everything, to the ASKA LARA team, to all the waiters, to all the bartenders and to DJ Joker whose voice is still in our ears. Where should I start, Ayşe who cleaned our room was beautiful and sincere, thank you for everything, well done, Aska team, which is a great staff, my DJ joker dear brother, I wish we could bring you to Ankara with us.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 9.8
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 4
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Aska Lara Hotel is the perfect place for both relaxation and entertainment. The lobby bar is calm and very decent. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 10.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 3
All results text for Children's Pool Area: An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. The hotel is a truly family-friendly establishment in every aspect. The hotel is a family-friendly hotel, brimming with managers and staff who have always managed to maintain a family atmosphere and customer satisfaction at the highest level.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 10.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 2
All results text for Sports Facilities: The spa and fitness centers were also well equipped. Daytime activities are quite plentiful and active, especially water gym activity.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 10.0
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: Aska Lara Hotel is the perfect place for both relaxation and entertainment.

