Otel İsmi: Atlas Beach Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.0
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 272
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: Repulsive staff, bad food 2. It was especially nice that the staff were friendly and gave us special attention. Pınar, restaurant staff Mr. All the staff, from security to the dining room, from the cleaning staff to the pool and cafe staff, were friendly and passionate about their jobs and helped us immediately with our requests. Apart from that, first of all, the staff is really very caring and friendly. For a 4-star facility, the food is very good, plentiful and delicious, the staff attentive and competent. Finally, I would like to give a special thanks to the hotel staff, Mrs. I would like to thank the hotel staff one by one. The staff is friendly and caring. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Sometimes the inside of the grills is raw, and that's because of the impatience of our people There's a line, so the grill staff can't keep up. Most importantly, their dedicated and sincere young staff are all very friendly and helpful in every way. The staff is friendly, warm and helpful. When we entered the hotel, we would like to thank each and every one of them, from the security guard at the entrance to the reception staff, all the cooks, waiters, lifeguards and all other hotel staff who are always at your service. The staff are very warm and friendly, whether it's the restaurant staff, the tearoom or by the pool, they all do their job with dedication. Melodi immediately did what they needed, came to their rooms, took care of them and arranged the staff. Ice needed to be added every hour and the staff brought it right away. The restaurant staff was very very nice They were friendly and hardworking thank you all. I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room and the attention of the staff. The good part is that the staff try to do their job well Despite the crowd, every evening there was entertainment, there could be games for children. I would like to thank the staff personally, they were all bright and smiling young people, God bless them all, we were very pleased. The staff was friendly. The best thing about the hotel is that its staff is friendly and helpful. The staff is friendly and caring. Number 10 staff were very polite, understanding and friendly. I can't help but say that the hotel staff is always cheerful and quick to solve problems, especially the public relations specialist. We would also like to thank Fatma Çakır, Melike and all the other staff in the women's pool. Yorum: First of all, for a 4-star hotel, our expectations were not very high compared to the 5-star hotels we visited, but we were satisfied The staff was very polite and attentive I liked the manager of public relations, mrs. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... the restaurant staff, the children's entertainment team, the pancake brother, the bar friends are very friendly and helpful... The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, taking care of all our needs. It is a great hotel in terms of price and quality, the staff, especially the friends at the reception, were very helpful, we had a great vacation. We were incredibly pleased with the staff. Yorum: We had a week vacation at Hotel Atlas Beach Starting from the entrance, the security received us very well, the reception staff was also good, the reception of Ms. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. The entrance of the hotel is very nice, it would be better if they were taken care of and cleaned, it would be good to be in order, but it is not very good, the staff is very friendly, except for some in the women's section, Fatma is very sweet people whose names I don't know for their interest and concern There is security and a lady is standing next to them. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. The staff at the seaside cafe were extremely disrespectful and gave rude answers, we sat down at the table, should I order coffee, what do you mean? What is the sincerity of the staff I kept quiet so my family wouldn't hear about it and it would be an extra fight they have absolutely nothing to do with politeness or customer relations on the street and workers harassing you. Last year's staff team made the hotel quality, unfortunately this year the same quality is not there. The rooms are clean, the staff is very kind and attentive, the food is delicious and the pool is nice. The staff are friendly and do their best, but the hotel is terribly dirty, dirty, neglected, the source of infection is everywhere There is no ventilation in the bathroom, you can hardly close the shower cabin. The food was delicious and the staff nice. Thanks to the kind and friendly staff, your holiday it gets even better. The pool bar staff welcomed us as if they were house guests rather than customers. The number of kitchen staff may be slightly higher. Human resources must be taken care of and employed as permanent staff for the hotel so that an employee can be found to add value to the hotel. I witnessed the conversation of the female staff working in the canteen there (standing in front of the desserts) to satisfy their gaze, but there was always the same variety. Most of the staff were generally very caring and friendly. The staff was friendly. I would like to thank all the staff, especially Mrs. The hotel generally has good staff, nice faces, Mrs. The staff in the dining area were always friendly and attentive, which made eating a real pleasure. The hotel has many strengths, such as its dedicated staff and wide range of entertainment options, but there are some areas that need urgent improvement to make guests' stays more enjoyable. The staff in the dining area (especially Kübra Hanım and Ali Bey) were always polite and attentive, which made the food really enjoyable. The hotel has many strengths such as attentive staff and a variety of leisure facilities, but some areas urgently need improvement to make guests' stay more enjoyable. Yorum: We stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Brac, we had a lot of fun, the food was delicious and diverse, the pools very clean and sufficient, and the sea was beautiful, the staff was good and friendly, I had good conversations with the relations lady public Melody, I recommend the hotel to everyone, you should definitely come. Fatma, the room cleaning staff, the pool attendants, Ms. Leyla, the lifeguards and as I said, all the staff at the restaurants and bars are really very attentive and caring. only the sea was wavy and rocky, there was nothing to do, sea shoes are mandatory, everything was good, I had a nice holiday, I would like to thank the staff, especially Ms. Yorum: First of all, there is no parking, there is no one to greet you when you enter, you complete your transactions and go to your room alone, there is no one to show you to the room, there is no one to carry your luggage, when we enter the room, it's only flat from above, in tested mode, but apart from that, the beds are not taken care of, the pillows are yellow, hot and the air conditioning motor burns, in the elevator of a 4 star hotel And there is no heater or cooler in the corridors, there is no servant of God who cares, I have no words for the pool staff, but other than that, who are the people in the hotel sending you to beat you up. Every hotel staff is friendly and understanding. Most of the kitchen staff were constantly gossiping. The women's beach kitchen staff were telling everyone not to eat by the pool, but said nothing when friendly people brought plates of food to the pool. Yorum: I stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Beach, everything is very good, the food is delicious and various large and clean pools, the staff is nice and very kind, thank you very much to Ms. There are very caring and respectful staff. The beach is terrible We stayed at the hotel on Wednesday but since it was market day we couldn't check in with our luggage so don't check in on Wednesday :) The staff are very nice and friendly. When I told the staff they said the weather was too hot but we have been to other hotels in this heat and have never experienced anything like this in any pool. Some staff seem to try to force us to be very tactless. Yorum: I had a family vacation before, now we have a very nice vacation with a group of friends at the hotel It is a very nice hotel in terms of price and location, especially the staff is very attentive and friendly, the food is enough and delicious Mrs. I would like to thank the staff, especially Mrs. Yorum: Hello, we just checked into the hotel, we had no problems with the staff, everyone was very friendly and tried to help, Mahmut and Alihan in the lobby, Cemile Ali brother Emre in the restaurant, the tour organizer Tunahan, they all have were very good people. I would like to thank all the front desk staff, especially Eylem Hanım, Melodi Hanım, all the waiters and staff working in the dining room, Sultan Hanım from the ladies section. I would like to thank all the staff who work at the beaches. There is no one with a sullen face among the hotel staff. We were more satisfied with the kindness of the staff. Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. We would like to thank the hotel staff, those at the reception and especially Mrs. The staff was very kind and attentive, the rooms were clean and they were cleaned when I wanted. The staff was very cheerful and professional. The manager and staff are very friendly. Yorum: The hotel staff are very kind and do their best to help. Yorum: This is the second time we come to this hotel, the first time we came with 5 families and now we have 3 families, as always, the food, staff and service are very good, the rooms are clean, we want to thank the PR lady Melody who she took care of us like a friend, we will definitely come back. Staff consists of young girls and boys without any expectations. The staff was friendly and helpful in everything. We were particularly pleased with the care and service provided by Leyla, Julian, Sultan, Semyon, Kübra and other staff whose names I cannot mention. The staff is friendly and can find solutions instantly. The service provided by the staff is good. The food is good, the beach is by the sea, there are lots of activities and the staff is friendly. Helpful staff and good entertainment team! Yorum: The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms and food were very nice. The staff is genuinely friendly and smiling. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. I had a problem with 3 staff in the canteen but Mr. The staff is very attentive at the pool Public relations, Ms. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 4 years, the service and staff were very nice, but the rooms are not always the same, they are big and spacious, but there are some problems, there are always shows in the evening, it is very fun, it is a family hotel. Also the staff is very friendly and honest. The staff is kind. The new hotel staff made us very happy, especially Cemile and Mine. Other staff Ali, Kübra, Halil Ramazan, Hicran, Ömer, Nevzat are all very nice. All hotel staff, dining room, information desk, pool and bar staff were very helpful, thank you all. Yorum: We want to thank all our staff, we came as 3 families and we were very satisfied. Today is our last day, rooms, food, staff, activities. Also thanks to Melodi Hanım and staff. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Thanks to the kind and friendly staff, your holiday it gets even better. Most importantly, their dedicated and sincere young staff are all very friendly and helpful in every way. The staff is friendly, warm and helpful. They were not helpful The biggest problem is the parking. The best thing about the hotel is that its staff is friendly and helpful. the restaurant staff, the children's entertainment team, the pancake brother, the bar friends are very friendly and helpful... The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, taking care of all our needs. It is a great hotel in terms of price and quality, the staff, especially the friends at the reception, were very helpful, we had a great vacation. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. Melodi, the guest relations officer, was very friendly, smiling and helpful. Her warm and helpful nature contributed significantly to a relaxed atmosphere in which women felt safe and comfortable. Their friendly and helpful attitude played a major role in creating a comfortable atmosphere where women felt safe and comfortable. Dila, who greeted us at the entrance, was very polite and helpful, and Mrs. The employees are friendly and helpful. The staff was friendly and helpful in everything. Helpful staff and good entertainment team! Yorum: The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms and food were very nice. And there are many people who work there whose names I forgot, they are all very caring and helpful. All hotel staff, dining room, information desk, pool and bar staff were very helpful, thank you all. Comment: Repulsive staff, bad food 2. It was especially nice that the staff were friendly and gave us special attention. Pınar, restaurant staff Mr. All the staff, from security to the dining room, from the cleaning staff to the pool and cafe staff, were friendly and passionate about their jobs and helped us immediately with our requests. Apart from that, first of all, the staff is really very caring and friendly. For a 4-star facility, the food is very good, plentiful and delicious, the staff attentive and competent. Finally, I would like to give a special thanks to the hotel staff, Mrs. I would like to thank the hotel staff one by one. The staff is friendly and caring. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Sometimes the inside of the grills is raw, and that's because of the impatience of our people There's a line, so the grill staff can't keep up. Most importantly, their dedicated and sincere young staff are all very friendly and helpful in every way. The staff is friendly, warm and helpful. When we entered the hotel, we would like to thank each and every one of them, from the security guard at the entrance to the reception staff, all the cooks, waiters, lifeguards and all other hotel staff who are always at your service. The staff are very warm and friendly, whether it's the restaurant staff, the tearoom or by the pool, they all do their job with dedication. Melodi immediately did what they needed, came to their rooms, took care of them and arranged the staff. Ice needed to be added every hour and the staff brought it right away. The restaurant staff was very very nice They were friendly and hardworking thank you all. I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room and the attention of the staff. The good part is that the staff try to do their job well Despite the crowd, every evening there was entertainment, there could be games for children. I would like to thank the staff personally, they were all bright and smiling young people, God bless them all, we were very pleased. The staff was friendly. The best thing about the hotel is that its staff is friendly and helpful. The staff is friendly and caring. Number 10 staff were very polite, understanding and friendly. I can't help but say that the hotel staff is always cheerful and quick to solve problems, especially the public relations specialist. We would also like to thank Fatma Çakır, Melike and all the other staff in the women's pool. Yorum: First of all, for a 4-star hotel, our expectations were not very high compared to the 5-star hotels we visited, but we were satisfied The staff was very polite and attentive I liked the manager of public relations, mrs. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... the restaurant staff, the children's entertainment team, the pancake brother, the bar friends are very friendly and helpful... The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, taking care of all our needs. It is a great hotel in terms of price and quality, the staff, especially the friends at the reception, were very helpful, we had a great vacation. We were incredibly pleased with the staff. Yorum: We had a week vacation at Hotel Atlas Beach Starting from the entrance, the security received us very well, the reception staff was also good, the reception of Ms. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. The entrance of the hotel is very nice, it would be better if they were taken care of and cleaned, it would be good to be in order, but it is not very good, the staff is very friendly, except for some in the women's section, Fatma is very sweet people whose names I don't know for their interest and concern There is security and a lady is standing next to them. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. The staff at the seaside cafe were extremely disrespectful and gave rude answers, we sat down at the table, should I order coffee, what do you mean? What is the sincerity of the staff I kept quiet so my family wouldn't hear about it and it would be an extra fight they have absolutely nothing to do with politeness or customer relations on the street and workers harassing you. Last year's staff team made the hotel quality, unfortunately this year the same quality is not there. The rooms are clean, the staff is very kind and attentive, the food is delicious and the pool is nice. The staff are friendly and do their best, but the hotel is terribly dirty, dirty, neglected, the source of infection is everywhere There is no ventilation in the bathroom, you can hardly close the shower cabin. The food was delicious and the staff nice. Thanks to the kind and friendly staff, your holiday it gets even better. The pool bar staff welcomed us as if they were house guests rather than customers. The number of kitchen staff may be slightly higher. Human resources must be taken care of and employed as permanent staff for the hotel so that an employee can be found to add value to the hotel. I witnessed the conversation of the female staff working in the canteen there (standing in front of the desserts) to satisfy their gaze, but there was always the same variety. Most of the staff were generally very caring and friendly. The staff was friendly. I would like to thank all the staff, especially Mrs. The hotel generally has good staff, nice faces, Mrs. The staff in the dining area were always friendly and attentive, which made eating a real pleasure. The hotel has many strengths, such as its dedicated staff and wide range of entertainment options, but there are some areas that need urgent improvement to make guests' stays more enjoyable. The staff in the dining area (especially Kübra Hanım and Ali Bey) were always polite and attentive, which made the food really enjoyable. The hotel has many strengths such as attentive staff and a variety of leisure facilities, but some areas urgently need improvement to make guests' stay more enjoyable. Yorum: We stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Brac, we had a lot of fun, the food was delicious and diverse, the pools very clean and sufficient, and the sea was beautiful, the staff was good and friendly, I had good conversations with the relations lady public Melody, I recommend the hotel to everyone, you should definitely come. Fatma, the room cleaning staff, the pool attendants, Ms. Leyla, the lifeguards and as I said, all the staff at the restaurants and bars are really very attentive and caring. only the sea was wavy and rocky, there was nothing to do, sea shoes are mandatory, everything was good, I had a nice holiday, I would like to thank the staff, especially Ms. Yorum: First of all, there is no parking, there is no one to greet you when you enter, you complete your transactions and go to your room alone, there is no one to show you to the room, there is no one to carry your luggage, when we enter the room, it's only flat from above, in tested mode, but apart from that, the beds are not taken care of, the pillows are yellow, hot and the air conditioning motor burns, in the elevator of a 4 star hotel And there is no heater or cooler in the corridors, there is no servant of God who cares, I have no words for the pool staff, but other than that, who are the people in the hotel sending you to beat you up. Every hotel staff is friendly and understanding. Most of the kitchen staff were constantly gossiping. The women's beach kitchen staff were telling everyone not to eat by the pool, but said nothing when friendly people brought plates of food to the pool. Yorum: I stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Beach, everything is very good, the food is delicious and various large and clean pools, the staff is nice and very kind, thank you very much to Ms. There are very caring and respectful staff. The beach is terrible We stayed at the hotel on Wednesday but since it was market day we couldn't check in with our luggage so don't check in on Wednesday :) The staff are very nice and friendly. When I told the staff they said the weather was too hot but we have been to other hotels in this heat and have never experienced anything like this in any pool. Some staff seem to try to force us to be very tactless. Yorum: I had a family vacation before, now we have a very nice vacation with a group of friends at the hotel It is a very nice hotel in terms of price and location, especially the staff is very attentive and friendly, the food is enough and delicious Mrs. I would like to thank the staff, especially Mrs. Yorum: Hello, we just checked into the hotel, we had no problems with the staff, everyone was very friendly and tried to help, Mahmut and Alihan in the lobby, Cemile Ali brother Emre in the restaurant, the tour organizer Tunahan, they all have were very good people. I would like to thank all the front desk staff, especially Eylem Hanım, Melodi Hanım, all the waiters and staff working in the dining room, Sultan Hanım from the ladies section. I would like to thank all the staff who work at the beaches. There is no one with a sullen face among the hotel staff. We were more satisfied with the kindness of the staff. Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. We would like to thank the hotel staff, those at the reception and especially Mrs. The staff was very kind and attentive, the rooms were clean and they were cleaned when I wanted. The staff was very cheerful and professional. The manager and staff are very friendly. Yorum: The hotel staff are very kind and do their best to help. Yorum: This is the second time we come to this hotel, the first time we came with 5 families and now we have 3 families, as always, the food, staff and service are very good, the rooms are clean, we want to thank the PR lady Melody who she took care of us like a friend, we will definitely come back. Staff consists of young girls and boys without any expectations. The staff was friendly and helpful in everything. We were particularly pleased with the care and service provided by Leyla, Julian, Sultan, Semyon, Kübra and other staff whose names I cannot mention. The staff is friendly and can find solutions instantly. The service provided by the staff is good. The food is good, the beach is by the sea, there are lots of activities and the staff is friendly. Helpful staff and good entertainment team! Yorum: The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms and food were very nice. The staff is genuinely friendly and smiling. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. I had a problem with 3 staff in the canteen but Mr. The staff is very attentive at the pool Public relations, Ms. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 4 years, the service and staff were very nice, but the rooms are not always the same, they are big and spacious, but there are some problems, there are always shows in the evening, it is very fun, it is a family hotel. Also the staff is very friendly and honest. The staff is kind. The new hotel staff made us very happy, especially Cemile and Mine. Other staff Ali, Kübra, Halil Ramazan, Hicran, Ömer, Nevzat are all very nice. All hotel staff, dining room, information desk, pool and bar staff were very helpful, thank you all. Yorum: We want to thank all our staff, we came as 3 families and we were very satisfied. Today is our last day, rooms, food, staff, activities. Also thanks to Melodi Hanım and staff. Ali, the gentleman who brought service to our table along with his delicious tea and coffee, to dear Simge, who not only makes pancakes, but greets us with them. When we entered the hotel, we would like to thank each and every one of them, from the security guard at the entrance to the reception staff, all the cooks, waiters, lifeguards and all other hotel staff who are always at your service. Most employees are interested in the service. There is no need for words about the hotel service. Drinks service is good from morning till 00:00 in the evening. There is no valet service. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... Yorum: The location, quality of service and comfort of the hotel are really excellent. In addition, the sauna and Turkish bath were under renovation and we could not use those services at all. It is a top 10 hotel in terms of service, attention, food and drink, cleanliness and everything else. The service was good. The price is affordable compared to other hotels, but the service is comparable. In short, there are many services that contradict the conservative hotel concept. Yorum: We are currently at the facility The location is good, the cleanliness is good, the food is great, the service is great, but there are some issues that could be better. In short, you get more service than the money you pay.. You start receiving service from the moment you enter the hotel. The service you get is very good for the price you pay. The hotel offers quality services close to a 4 or 5 star hotel. As someone who has stayed in many Islamic concept hotels, I think I received very good service. Yorum: Even though the hotel is old due to its structure, they are very good in terms of services. Yorum: It was an adequate hotel in terms of service. None of the services like spa, turkish bath etc. The service is very good because they have 15 different types of food every day. I gave it 3 stars because other services were good for the price, apart from hygiene. The service, attention and everything was very good. Yorum: This is the second time we come to this hotel, the first time we came with 5 families and now we have 3 families, as always, the food, staff and service are very good, the rooms are clean, we want to thank the PR lady Melody who she took care of us like a friend, we will definitely come back. Yorum: Thank you very much for the services offered at the hotel. We were particularly pleased with the care and service provided by Leyla, Julian, Sultan, Semyon, Kübra and other staff whose names I cannot mention. The service provided by the staff is good. However, almost no one speaks English and there is very little or no information about hotel services. Yorum: I stayed for two nights and received very adequate and good service for a 4-star hotel. I didn't experience anything negative, the rooms, food and service were good. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. Yorum: I received 5-star hotel services in a 4-star hotel. well, we love them very much, we thank them for their service. Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 4 years, the service and staff were very nice, but the rooms are not always the same, they are big and spacious, but there are some problems, there are always shows in the evening, it is very fun, it is a family hotel. For its price, it is a top hotel with service and performance. First of all: all the employees were friendly and their service was also good. Lobby service: In the lobby the tables are not cleaned on time. About the Trunk: There are iced tea machines (self-service). I received all the services expected from a 4-star hotel.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 8.1
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 265
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. The restaurant is very busy during the first 45 minutes of the meal and the water slide pool is generally busy. The temperature of the water slide pool was good, the kids were always there. Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. The restaurant is very busy during the first 45 minutes of the meal and the water slide pool is generally busy. The women are mostly in the mixed pool and slide section. As my 7 year old daughter was sliding down the slide, before she even got off the slide to the pool, she was hit quickly and hard in the head by the large adult coming up behind her. Although there is a sandy part of the sea, during busy times you have to slide to the stony and rocky parts, you have to use sea shoes. The temperature of the water slide pool was good, the kids were always there. Also, the pools are large with slides where all family members can enjoy their time. Aqua slides were enough. There are two slides in the pool and they are closed most of the day. A warning sign must be placed on the slide of the mixed pool. Children must not ride the slide alone without a parent. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. The women's pool has 3 pools, slides and a volleyball net. The lifeguards were very comfortable sliding down the slide when it hit a 18-20 year old young man's head The child fell, she could have been traumatized, my daughter could have had worse consequences, when I told this situation to the lifeguard, he took a relaxed break. Various splashes and showers from other rooms could be heard throughout the room. The sea was a little rocky, but despite being very beautiful, we didn't get tired of it, and the women's pool was also very nice and fun. We were able to use the pool and the beach comfortably. The pool and beach cafes were plentiful with drinks and food. All the staff, from security to the dining room, from the cleaning staff to the pool and cafe staff, were friendly and passionate about their jobs and helped us immediately with our requests. Melodi, Abla Observatory, the lifeguard at the mixed pool and Mrs. The pool was very quiet. There was a little water in the men's pool. Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. The entertainment is 3/5, the rest of the room, cleanliness, pool, everything is 2/5, the food is 0/5. The hotel pool was small, crowded and dirty. There were no animators in the pools, and the activities were almost non-existent. The women's pool was very large and clean. The mixed pool was quiet in the first 3 days, but then it got crowded. As for cleanliness, customers come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Sister Fatma from the ladies pool recognized me, she is a very friendly and sincere lady. The children's pool in the mixed section has been closed twice because of children's faeces. The depth and size of the pools are sufficient, but my wife did not use the pool much because the women preferred the mixed pool. All types of food are available at the poolside restaurants, animations and entertainment at the pool are sufficient and nice. Brothers Mehmet and Erdem in the pool area, Simge the rinser, Rümeysa the entertainer, Ladies Sultan and Culia in the ladies pool and of course Miss Melodine, they all take care of the guests one by one as if they were hosting guests. The hotel has the most Islamic concept of the hotels I've been to For example, I'm not allowed to bring phones into the ladies pool, but those who come should look. The pools were also sufficient. The pool is good. The pool side, which belonged to the women we spent the most time with and looked after, was extremely good. The staff are very warm and friendly, whether it's the restaurant staff, the tearoom or by the pool, they all do their job with dedication. Mehmet and his brother at the pool were the brothers I loved for 3 years, he is there again this year and he does his job well. There are sand and stones left at the bottom of the pools. Yes, people come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. We had a great time with him in the ladies pool. They had to finish the holiday without ever swimming in the pool or the sea There should have been a separate solution but they are very strict. The pools are big. Since we have lunch by the pool, there are standard burgers, salads, fruit, pasta, etc. The mixed pool and the one for children are next to each other and I think that men should not have such an expectation if they are going to swim in the pool because they can only go to the mixed pool, it is small and crowded. Children can enter each pool, there are no restrictions. There are 3 pools in the women's section, a beautiful tall women's pool, sunbeds, coffee, sterile, music... When I went to the emergency doctor, the doctor said it was probably because of the pool and the food, and at the hotel I met 5-6 other families with the same complaint. The food served at the pool is the same and unhealthy every day, there is absolutely no variety. The bottom of the pools was always full of sea sand. There were people entering the women's pool in normal clothes and nothing was said about it. Faeces were left in the pool and they closed the pool that day and opened it the next day, without changing the water, they just removed the faeces and opened the pool to everyone, however friendly the employees are. There is a walking distance between the hotel building, the pool and the beach. There was a mixed pool, one for women and one for children, and it was beautiful. The sneak bar by the pool was very good. The hotel was so crowded, the pools were full, the dining room was full of people everywhere, for the first time I counted the days until a holiday was over immediately. The swimming pool is very beautiful, especially the children's pool is wonderful, the children had so much fun that they never wanted to leave. As for the cons, I think it would be much better if part of the pool was shaded. The breakfast with lots of goodies ends, the snacks at the pool begin, once it's ready, lunch, dinner, drinks are unlimited anyway 🤣 I came here on recommendation and I recommend it to those around me... The restaurant is very busy during the first 45 minutes of the meal and the water slide pool is generally busy. The women are mostly in the mixed pool and slide section. There should be a private pool for men. In Islamic hotels, while there is a private pool for women, it is very inconvenient for them to come to the mixed pool and it makes it crowded. Although it is a personal problem that people who come to the pool from the sea bring sand into the pools, placing the showers in a visible and more accessible place can solve this problem. The pool water is generally not clean, it is cloudy and the bottom is not visible. There are lifeguards at the pool and on the beach. The duty of pool lifeguards may be to help in the event of drowning, but there must be someone to regulate the process of sliding into the pool and ensure safety. As my 7 year old daughter was sliding down the slide, before she even got off the slide to the pool, she was hit quickly and hard in the head by the large adult coming up behind her. It is good that it is easy to move from the pool to the beach area. The pools are large, but the cleanliness is inadequate. The pool snacks are insufficient and the variety is limited. Poolside facilities are inadequate, you get bored after a while. There was a lady Fatma in the women's pool, we had met before when I came, I was happy to see her again. The sea is very wavy and small rocks break your feet The kiddie pool was good, the other pools were too warm, think of the germs there, people were bumping into each other, it was overcrowded while swimming, their noises gave me headaches. The women's pool is suitable in every way. Although the mixed pool is a bit small, the women's pool is big and beautiful. But the big pool is really too hot, it should be at least 5' cooler. The temperature of the water slide pool was good, the kids were always there. Pool cleaning was good. The children seem very happy because the children's pool is nice. They had a great time in the children's pool with water park. And there is a clothing problem in the mixed pool. And for swimming pools, there is a true halal concept where you cannot find any woman or man in inappropriate Islamic swimwear. Also, the pools are large with slides where all family members can enjoy their time. The passage from the hotel to the sea and pool area is provided by a tunnel. Having the pool and the sea in the same place offers a great advantage. We would also like to thank Fatma Çakır, Melike and all the other staff in the women's pool. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. We are at the hotel, first of all we feel a single deficiency, all the guests feel this lack of WC on the edge of the pool, it would be better if there were at least 2 toilets. The pools were clean. The separate pool and women's area was very good and very nice for women wearing hijab. The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. The pools were very good, there was also a pool for ladies and aqua. The children's pool was the best, even the adults spent time there :) The food was very good, meat (lamb chops, steak) and fish were available every day. Room cleaning should be more careful, activities for children by the pool. It was nice to always have a lifeguard waiting at the sea and by the pool. It is a great advantage that the women's pool, the mixed pool, the sea and the park are all very close to each other, so we felt very comfortable. At the pool bar we had inedible burgers for 6 days, where one evening me and my dad only complained of stomach aches and nausea! Gulie from the women's pool💪🏻, Ms. Healthy for those who want, sweet for those who want desserts🥗 One of the reasons why you choose the hotel is that the swimming pools and the sea are close to each other. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. The pool wasn't too bad, but the hygiene there was lacking. Yorum: The reason I gave 5 stars is because the employees work hard to please people, but when it comes to criticism, the pools are not clean, although the rooms are cleaned daily, there are mold stains in the bathroom, which can be dangerous for people with allergies. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. It is suitable for children because we leave the room in the morning and spend time in the sea and the pool until the evening. The rooms are clean, the staff is very kind and attentive, the food is delicious and the pool is nice. There are two slides in the pool and they are closed most of the day. The shared pool is very small. I saw feces in the pools two days in a row, probably from kids wearing diapers. The pool is clean and the number of lifts is sufficient. A warning sign must be placed on the slide of the mixed pool. Melodi, it couldn't be better, I have nothing to say about the cleanliness of the pools and the very good food. The male and female pools are very close, which makes the sea close, a little rocky, but he is a very, very good employee, he is very good with our children, from mini club to Sultan. In the ladies' pool, sisters Fatma and Melike are the ones who cheer us up and comfort us with their smiles and care. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. The pool bar staff welcomed us as if they were house guests rather than customers. Having the pool and the sea together is a plus. The animation of the men at the pool is inadequate. The pools and the sea were very close to her. And since there is only one toilet in the pool area, sometimes you have to wait in line.. There are pools for children, adults and women. The food is good, the rooms are cleaned regularly, the pools serve as mixed and women's pools, and there are children's pools. As for the Islamic hotel concept, there is a mixed pool, so called men's pool, and women swim inappropriately there, I don't think I need to mention the beach… Drinks Coca Cola ice cream algida coffee maker drinks nest and this place is halal concept 77. For this reason, we usually eat pita, hamburger and pancakes by the pool, I can't say that the rooms are 1+1 very big, but they are at a normal level. I don't know his name at the pool, but the tall lifeguard was very attentive. I lost my hat, dived and searched the whole pool with goggles. The pools were clean. The air conditioning, rooms, cleanliness, pool and attention were great. I don't think you should believe what they say, "I walked all the way to get that car, there's no market, I was in disgrace." There are many opportunities for activities We had fun as a family with the children in the communal pool during the day and on the stage in the women's section. The shared pool and snack bar on the beach are very nice. Ali) The women's pool area, looked after by Fatma and Gülsüm, was excellent. The women's pool itself was well maintained and offered plenty of space for swimming and relaxing. The women's pool area was perfectly managed by Fatma and Gulsum. The women's pool itself was well maintained and offered ample space for swimming and lounging. If it was bay shaped the sea waves would be less but my room was a so called mixed pool as usual they didn't consider they provided a tiny pool the ladies pools are big they are generous with food and drink but if you have good money stay somewhere else it is a hijab family environment but your daughter or brother is judged and warned for the shorts they wear to their knees i would like to say this: those who want to walk naked will pay the same money for those who walk naked in shorts, but those. Yorum: We stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Brac, we had a lot of fun, the food was delicious and diverse, the pools very clean and sufficient, and the sea was beautiful, the staff was good and friendly, I had good conversations with the relations lady public Melody, I recommend the hotel to everyone, you should definitely come. and the performance The location is very good, the pools are by the sea, the food is sufficient, the food is delicious, and it is very nice that the rooms have two compartments. Yorum: The room we stayed in at the hotel was small and cramped, but other than that, all the employees, both at the pool, at the security station, and at the restaurant, do their job with dedication. Fatma, the room cleaning staff, the pool attendants, Ms. The women's pool and the children's pool are very good. Dila, my daughter, took care of us and was very friendly and honest, really friendly and understanding, the room is cleaned, but since we stayed for 3 days, we didn't want the very nice, clean and well-kept rooms, delicious food, mixed pool. The women's pool was nice, the children's pool too... Hatice at the pool for their interest. Yorum: First of all, there is no parking, there is no one to greet you when you enter, you complete your transactions and go to your room alone, there is no one to show you to the room, there is no one to carry your luggage, when we enter the room, it's only flat from above, in tested mode, but apart from that, the beds are not taken care of, the pillows are yellow, hot and the air conditioning motor burns, in the elevator of a 4 star hotel And there is no heater or cooler in the corridors, there is no servant of God who cares, I have no words for the pool staff, but other than that, who are the people in the hotel sending you to beat you up. Regarding the pool, a child defecated in the kiddie pool. people were throwing their snot and snot into the pool and the kids were peeing in the big pool As you can see I don't recommend and we couldn't sleep because we were itching from bed bugs. It is a great advantage that the swimming pools are close to the sea. The pool animation team was weak and there were no activities. I stayed in the elevator twice, give it 2 stars, most of the food is old, I told the waiter, it is not approachable because of the smell from the pool, those who stay a little are not aware of the situation, I noticed many because I stayed for a long time According to me and most of the commentators, Atlas was at the top, the mansion is very dirty in terms of layout and environmental cleanliness, it is a source of shame for tourism. The women's beach kitchen staff were telling everyone not to eat by the pool, but said nothing when friendly people brought plates of food to the pool. Other than that I can't complain too much about the pool, sea and food There are a lot of options, sometimes it can be oversimplified but when you look at the price and performance it's pretty normal. Yorum: First of all, let me tell you that if you've been to 5 star luxury hotels before, it might not live up to your expectations, but if you go with no expectations like me, you'll probably like it I've been to September and we couldn't swim in the sea, it was too wavy, the pool was separated only for mixed children and women, it was clean and in my opinion it was enough. Pool, beach, food, rooms, etc. Yorum: I stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Beach, everything is very good, the food is delicious and various large and clean pools, the staff is nice and very kind, thank you very much to Ms. the pool, I recommend it to everyone. Yavuz who played music after dinner, the cleaning sister on the 1st floor and the lifeguard at the pool for your interest. in short, they built a swimming pool in the hostel, they gave it 4 stars, but that's irrelevant. However, the pools were not clean at all. I chose it as a conservative hotel, but some customers entered the pool in their everyday clothes. If you have small children, the children's pool is large and safe. the food was very different, it was obvious that they were all made of different ingredients, the dinner meat was usually undercooked, especially when I came, the meatballs were not fully cooked and no one bought them, they were pink, then they took them away, they cooked them back and served them and like cafes the equipment is broken i want to buy mocha there is no cold coffee in the summer the only thing i wish about the food and drink is the person making pancakes in the canteen by the pool at lunch. Yorum: I left the hotel this week, the lack of parking is a big disadvantage The pool is very dirty, unfortunately I think it is not cleaned enough. There are people who go into the pool without a swimming cap and not everyone fits the conservative concept and there are no warnings about that. In the women's pool, the large pool was extremely hot and I couldn't swim properly. When I told the staff they said the weather was too hot but we have been to other hotels in this heat and have never experienced anything like this in any pool. Culya who handled the food in the women's pool. Fatma who worked at the private women's pool and we thank them for fulfilling all our whims. The pools were large and sufficient. I pressed the daily cleaning button for my room and when I arrived I saw that the towels were changed and cleaned and the food was good for the price and performance I would like a big play area for the kids but s -they had a lot of fun in the pool. It is a great advantage to have swimming pools near the sea. the pool is ideal for children. We felt very comfortable with the pool. The pools are very warm, so it is not normal to be so hot, there are very few activities for children, they only run for half an hour in the evening, the food is very good, it is very beautiful, I liked it , you won't be hungry, things happen at all hours, and we Ms. The pools and the beach are very close, which is very good in that respect. There are lifeguards in the pool and in the sea. Thanks to my brothers Muhammed and Mehmet from the entertainment team, they took care of us at the pool. The women's pool has 3 pools, slides and a volleyball net. The pools were good, but the sea was very wavy and rocky, the children could not swim in the sea. The pool is also very beautiful. The women's side pool is also very nice. Sea Cook evil coastal stones and rocks The pool is beautiful and the children's pool is also beautiful and large. The doctor forbade the pool. For customer satisfaction, pool animations can be increased, a breakwater can be built to cut the waves, ice cream day can be increased to two days a week, humble suggestions... The children's pool has been closed for two days for hygiene reasons. Children's pool has been closed for two days due to hygiene reasons. There were also people throwing up at the pool and I ended up spending my last night in the emergency room because I couldn't stop feeling sick and throwing up for 5 days since we got back from the hotel and we as a family are still sick. Melody, who listened to the humble people, listened to us, asked us if there was anything missing, we are happy to swim in the pool, we are satisfied with the fly. The pools and beach are nice, but lack regular cleaning. Yorum: I stayed 3 days at Hotel Atlas, everything was perfect, clean pools, wonderful sea, friendly food, wonderful food, our conversation with Ms. The pools are separated into mixed and women's pools. The mixed pool is ok. Every day was occupied with Mehmet and Mohamed's activities, between darts, dancing and pool football. In general, everything was fine, only the temperature of the pool was too high and I could not swim in it at lunch. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. The pools were never cleaned and always had rocks. There were panes of glass on the edge of the pool, which my husband removed by hand. The staff is very attentive at the pool Public relations, Ms. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Yorum: First of all, I would like to state that I didn't think it was suitable for the hijab concept, the girls in swimsuits entered the mixed pool very easily, the beach section is not sheltered, definitely the bikini ladies from the next hotel were passing by. It would be better if they didn't allow children to enter the mixed pool. Pool: Pools are not on the site. This means that the pools are practically next to the sea. There is a pool for everyone (man/woman/child, what's halal about that?) and one for women only, which is not visible. There is a snack bar by the pool (12 p. The scene is close to the pools. The food is delicious and diverse, the pool is hot but swimmable, the beach is actually partly sandy compared to Antalya beaches, so if you like waves and salt, you can swim, and there are sweet shows in the evening, this is the case. They shared the internet but the internet didn't work anyway and the pools were very dirty. Since there are many pebbles and rocks in the sea, I generally preferred the pool. The ladies pool is quite sheltered and a nice size. All hotel staff, dining room, information desk, pool and bar staff were very helpful, thank you all. Leyla and Zeynep from the ladies' pool were very attentive, I liked them both very much :) The security guards at the door, sister Fatma, I would like to thank each of them. Yorum: It is a wonderful hotel, the rooms are very clean, beautiful and spacious, Islamically furnished and suitable, the open buffet is very clean, hygienic and comprehensive, there are separate entertainment for children and the swimming pool was great a great privilege. There was a little water in the men's pool. Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. The location is beautiful, the beach is good, the sea is rocky, but the water is beautiful. The color changes significantly in the evening, I think the water circulation should be better. Faeces were left in the pool and they closed the pool that day and opened it the next day, without changing the water, they just removed the faeces and opened the pool to everyone, however friendly the employees are. The restaurant is very busy during the first 45 minutes of the meal and the water slide pool is generally busy. The pool water is generally not clean, it is cloudy and the bottom is not visible. Coffee machines have a very low flavor content and use water. There are always people fishing on the rocks on the beach, throwing bait and bread, there is mostly dirt in the sea water… 28. Aquatic water was very sufficient for the children. The temperature of the water slide pool was good, the kids were always there. They had a great time in the children's pool with water park. Ayran and water are provided in the package. You swallow sea water and you get gastrointestinal syndrome. Then came the LIVING WATER. Do not use water of life. Yorum: I think the hotel fountain water is extremely salty, like sea water. The water park was small. Yorum: The rooms were very poorly maintained, the furniture in the room was broken, it rained one night and the interior was filled with water :) It came from the roof, not from the window. For customer satisfaction, pool animations can be increased, a breakwater can be built to cut the waves, ice cream day can be increased to two days a week, humble suggestions... The sea water was also very cloudy. Often only water came because the guy wasn't refilling. If you are a few meters into the water, there will be fewer rocks. When the sea was calm, especially the last three days it was very calm and clear, the swimming was pleasant The transitions from the hotel to here Since it was short, the round trip took a little time. They had to finish the holiday without ever swimming in the pool or the sea There should have been a separate solution but they are very strict. The swimming pool is very beautiful, especially the children's pool is wonderful, the children had so much fun that they never wanted to leave. The sea is very wavy and small rocks break your feet The kiddie pool was good, the other pools were too warm, think of the germs there, people were bumping into each other, it was overcrowded while swimming, their noises gave me headaches. And for swimming pools, there is a true halal concept where you cannot find any woman or man in inappropriate Islamic swimwear. Healthy for those who want, sweet for those who want desserts🥗 One of the reasons why you choose the hotel is that the swimming pools and the sea are close to each other. Do NOT go swimming without a range of products that can definitely be called beach shoes. The women's pool itself was well maintained and offered plenty of space for swimming and relaxing. The women's pool itself was well maintained and offered ample space for swimming and lounging. It is a great advantage that the swimming pools are close to the sea. in short, they built a swimming pool in the hostel, they gave it 4 stars, but that's irrelevant. There are people who go into the pool without a swimming cap and not everyone fits the conservative concept and there are no warnings about that. My brother injured his leg while swimming. It is a great advantage to have swimming pools near the sea. Yorum: It is a wonderful hotel, the rooms are very clean, beautiful and spacious, Islamically furnished and suitable, the open buffet is very clean, hygienic and comprehensive, there are separate entertainment for children and the swimming pool was great a great privilege. All types of food are available at the poolside restaurants, animations and entertainment at the pool are sufficient and nice. Poolside facilities are inadequate, you get bored after a while. Brothers Mehmet and Erdem in the pool area, Simge the rinser, Rümeysa the entertainer, Ladies Sultan and Culia in the ladies pool and of course Miss Melodine, they all take care of the guests one by one as if they were hosting guests. The passage from the hotel to the sea and pool area is provided by a tunnel. The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. And since there is only one toilet in the pool area, sometimes you have to wait in line.. Ali) The women's pool area, looked after by Fatma and Gülsüm, was excellent. The women's pool area was perfectly managed by Fatma and Gulsum.

Kumsal için rating: 7.5
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 207
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Hotel for 6 nights as a mother and daughter, everyone was friendly and attentive from the moment we checked in. We were able to use the pool and the beach comfortably. The pool and beach cafes were plentiful with drinks and food. Yorum: We spent our summer holidays at Atlas Beach both in September 2023 and 2024. The location is beautiful, the beach is good, the sea is rocky, but the water is beautiful. As we traveled around Alanya several times to see different beaches, we had to constantly look for a parking space. The sea is full of rocks, so make sure you bring beach shoes. Nausea checks us from time to time, Atlas Beach is over for us. There is a walking distance between the hotel building, the pool and the beach. There are lifeguards at the pool and on the beach. It is good that it is easy to move from the pool to the beach area. There are always people fishing on the rocks on the beach, throwing bait and bread, there is mostly dirt in the sea water… 28. Sunbeds are available on the beach. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... Yorum: The condition of the mosques was not nice at all, it didn't suit a conservative hotel at all The beach was neglected and very rocky, those stones and sands could have been repaired, the distance between the lounge and the cafe is very long, there was no reception area, the old environment it was better, our friends ask about it. The beach is not very good, but I spent a few days in Mahmut before coming here, and the beach there was also rocky. The only other nice places around here are Incekumu beach, almost all of Alanya is a rocky area. Yorum: We had a week vacation at Hotel Atlas Beach Starting from the entrance, the security received us very well, the reception staff was also good, the reception of Ms. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Halal Hotel on 5/9 October, it was a very reasonable experience for us, especially in October, it has a quiet and peaceful environment, perfect for relaxation. lighter, so are the desserts, the barbecue smell in the canteen is gone, there were many arrangements, we are waiting for the same arrangements for the rooms, we hope the cleaning will be ok, that's all for now, but it's a hotel to prefer with quietness, I recommend it, it is a very suitable environment for families, thank you Atlas Beach, I hope to see you again...❤️. Change the beach towel once a day, you have to fight when you want twice. Beach chaise lounge covers are made of burlap. Make sure you buy your beach shoes before coming here, there are a lot of rocks on the beach. Thanks to the Atlas Beach 66 family. Yorum: I have been here at the Atlas Beach Hotel for 17 days. Yorum: Hello, This is our second visit to Atlas Beach Hotel. There is a food section at the beach cafe. For the curious, the beach restaurant also serves hamburgers. Do NOT go swimming without a range of products that can definitely be called beach shoes. But women in bikinis were constantly passing left and right of the reserved section of the beach, something can be done about that. As for the Islamic hotel concept, there is a mixed pool, so called men's pool, and women swim inappropriately there, I don't think I need to mention the beach… Drinks Coca Cola ice cream algida coffee maker drinks nest and this place is halal concept 77. The shared pool and snack bar on the beach are very nice. Yorum: The cameras generally see the sea, even if diagonally, the sea is generally wavy and steep and I recommend beach shoes with stones. Yorum: The Atlas Beach Hotel is a pleasant holiday home that has a lot to offer for families. Atlas Beach Hotel is a wonderful holiday destination that offers a lot for families. We want to thank the Atlas Beach family, especially Mrs. Yorum: I stayed 3 nights and 4 days at Atlas Beach. The women's beach kitchen staff were telling everyone not to eat by the pool, but said nothing when friendly people brought plates of food to the pool. Pool, beach, food, rooms, etc. Yorum: I stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Beach, everything is very good, the food is delicious and various large and clean pools, the staff is nice and very kind, thank you very much to Ms. The beach is terrible We stayed at the hotel on Wednesday but since it was market day we couldn't check in with our luggage so don't check in on Wednesday :) The staff are very nice and friendly. You have beach shoes, you can enter more easily, very sweet, considerate and smiley and our pancake girl is very sweet. Yorum: We stayed at the Atlas hotel on the beach, from where we left today, for 4 nights. I would like to thank all the staff who work at the beaches. I am glad that my choice was Atlas Beach, because first of all, Ayşegül and Sevgi Hanım, whose sincerity, smiling face and joy I admired, Mrs. The pools and the beach are very close, which is very good in that respect. Yorum: Our choice of hotel for vacation both last year and this year was Atlas Beach Hotel... Yorum: Many thanks to Atlas Beach Hotel. The beach and the sea were very dirty in the sea and our feet were hurting. Yorum: I was very satisfied with the Atlas Beach Hotel, I spoke with Ms. The pools and beach are nice, but lack regular cleaning. Yorum: As someone who has stayed in 5 star hotels before, Atlas Beach is a very good, neat and high quality hotel. The food is good, the beach is by the sea, there are lots of activities and the staff is friendly. The beach is not clean either. The waiters Cemile, Melike and all the waiters who worked in the dining room and the waiters on the beach were all very attentive and friendly. Mehmet Yetkin and İrfan from the animation team, who kept us entertained and happy whether on the beach or at the hotel. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Yorum: First of all, I would like to state that I didn't think it was suitable for the hijab concept, the girls in swimsuits entered the mixed pool very easily, the beach section is not sheltered, definitely the bikini ladies from the next hotel were passing by. Yorum: Hello, it's the first time I spent a vacation at the Atlas hotel beach and I spent a perfect and fun vacation with my family! Then again, on the beach, is it ensured that a woman who is not wearing Islamic clothes should leave the beach at the hotel? Beach: Now to the beach. The food is delicious and diverse, the pool is hot but swimmable, the beach is actually partly sandy compared to Antalya beaches, so if you like waves and salt, you can swim, and there are sweet shows in the evening, this is the case. The beach gets very dark in the evening, maybe with a little lighting we can create an environment to hang out at night. There are sand and stones left at the bottom of the pools. The bottom of the pools was always full of sea sand. Instead of coming here, I recommend you spend an extra 10 thousand TL and go to the Model Palaces... Although it is a personal problem that people who come to the pool from the sea bring sand into the pools, placing the showers in a visible and more accessible place can solve this problem. Although there is a sandy part of the sea, during busy times you have to slide to the stony and rocky parts, you have to use sea shoes. When it comes to the sea, the Alanya side is generally a bit rocky, stony and a bit sandy. Yorum: The condition of the mosques was not nice at all, it didn't suit a conservative hotel at all The beach was neglected and very rocky, those stones and sands could have been repaired, the distance between the lounge and the cafe is very long, there was no reception area, the old environment it was better, our friends ask about it. It was my first vacation in which I wanted to go as quickly as possible a mirror on the parents' side It takes a thousand witnesses to name the balcony the balcony door did not close properly because of the noise of ... Sea sand and gravel, mainly gravel. -Let's come to the sea: The sea is sand and mostly gravel. It takes a thousand witnesses to call a hotel a hotel, a place like an apartment. You cannot compare this place with hotels that cost 50 thousand TL per day. It takes a thousand witnesses to call a restaurant a restaurant. The food is delicious and diverse, the pool is hot but swimmable, the beach is actually partly sandy compared to Antalya beaches, so if you like waves and salt, you can swim, and there are sweet shows in the evening, this is the case. The sea was extremely rough and all the mess was on the shore. It is important that it is on the seashore, sheltered and easily accessible. Our room had a sea view from the balcony and was very spacious and clean. The sea was a little rocky, but despite being very beautiful, we didn't get tired of it, and the women's pool was also very nice and fun. Since it was the end of the season, the hotel was quite quiet. When the sea was calm, especially the last three days it was very calm and clear, the swimming was pleasant The transitions from the hotel to here Since it was short, the round trip took a little time. The sea side is, after all, the Mediterranean is undulating and deepening rapidly. The sea was very rough, we couldn't use it at all. The sea was extremely rough and all the mess was on the shore. Although the variety seemed abundant, it was extremely repetitive and this made us suspect our disease. However, Seastar and Atlas are holiday villages with the same concept. As for cleanliness, customers come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. I guess the evening shows weren't entertaining enough because they were at the end of the season. Being right next to the sea is a big advantage. The location is beautiful, the beach is good, the sea is rocky, but the water is beautiful. The sea is said to be rough and dirty. Yes, the sea is wavy because it is also open sea and it is constantly making waves because the yachts are passing by. Yes, people come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. They had to finish the holiday without ever swimming in the pool or the sea There should have been a separate solution but they are very strict. I read that the disease was common in the hotel and that there is no cleaning. The sea is full of rocks, so make sure you bring beach shoes. The nausea, the vomiting, the diarrhea, the body aches didn't kill me, but they made me crawl. Nausea checks us from time to time, Atlas Beach is over for us. Many guests developed infectious diseases. The bottom of the pools was always full of sea sand. The sea was very dirty and the ladies in bikinis from the hotel next door were passing us very easily and there was no one to warn us about it. The sea was very wavy (It is not related to the hotel, but I write it for the information of those who want to go) The good sides of: 1. The sea is a bit dirty and choppy, but not impenetrable. The sea was close but rocky, cloudy and wavy. Yorum: Although we were not satisfied on the first day, probably because we went in the busiest season (23-26 August, 2 adults and 4 children), we saved our holiday from being bad when we acted accordingly on the days next. Although it is a personal problem that people who come to the pool from the sea bring sand into the pools, placing the showers in a visible and more accessible place can solve this problem. Getting to the lift is a challenge due to the width and location of the stairs Everything is much more difficult in the busy season, especially for families with babies and children. Although there is a sandy part of the sea, during busy times you have to slide to the stony and rocky parts, you have to use sea shoes. There are always people fishing on the rocks on the beach, throwing bait and bread, there is mostly dirt in the sea water… 28. Since it was the end of the season, I think the hotel was enough. We liked the sea, there is no volleyball court, you go next door to play. The sea is very wavy and small rocks break your feet The kiddie pool was good, the other pools were too warm, think of the germs there, people were bumping into each other, it was overcrowded while swimming, their noises gave me headaches. The sea was choppy but we enjoyed it. The sea is extremely wavy. The sea is calm in the morning but becomes a bit choppy in the afternoon. Unfortunately, the sea is bad. The passage from the hotel to the sea and pool area is provided by a tunnel. Having the pool and the sea in the same place offers a great advantage. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... When it comes to the sea, the Alanya side is generally a bit rocky, stony and a bit sandy. One of its other advantages is that it is right next to the sea. The sea was a little dirty, but not bad. The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. It was nice to always have a lifeguard waiting at the sea and by the pool. It is a great advantage that the women's pool, the mixed pool, the sea and the park are all very close to each other, so we felt very comfortable. We just had to season it properly with salt and pepper to make it somewhat edible. At the pool bar we had inedible burgers for 6 days, where one evening me and my dad only complained of stomach aches and nausea! Just because the season is over, they tried to save money at every turn. Healthy for those who want, sweet for those who want desserts🥗 One of the reasons why you choose the hotel is that the swimming pools and the sea are close to each other. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. The staff at the seaside cafe were extremely disrespectful and gave rude answers, we sat down at the table, should I order coffee, what do you mean? It is suitable for children because we leave the room in the morning and spend time in the sea and the pool until the evening. Oh, and the sea is rolling every day for those who care… 63. We took this for granted, come on, but when hygiene is zero, you're fighting infectious diseases. The male and female pools are very close, which makes the sea close, a little rocky, but he is a very, very good employee, he is very good with our children, from mini club to Sultan. The sea was rocky and we couldn't use it much. Having the pool and the sea together is a plus. The sea is very rocky and there are people getting hurt. The pools and the sea were very close to her. Coming to the minuses, the sea was very dirty, although it is the same for the seas of all the hotels on the coast. It is important that it is on the seashore, sheltered and easily accessible. Sea sand and gravel, mainly gravel. There were days when I had difficulty finding a seat. -Let's come to the sea: The sea is sand and mostly gravel. Before continuing 2 meters, the sea suddenly reaches a depth of 40-50 cm and THERE ARE ROCKS on the ground in the area belonging to the hotel. -The sea is very wavy. You swallow sea water and you get gastrointestinal syndrome. Last year the sea was very rough, but this year it is very good. I was pleased with the price advantage offered at the end of the season. I lost my hat, dived and searched the whole pool with goggles. The only fault of the hotel is that the sea is dirty and there is not enough space for men. Unfortunately, the sea is rocky, but there is no problem with sea shoes. Yorum: I think the hotel fountain water is extremely salty, like sea water. Yorum: The cameras generally see the sea, even if diagonally, the sea is generally wavy and steep and I recommend beach shoes with stones. Alanya sea is known. The inside of the toilet seat was very yellow, it was disgusting. If it was bay shaped the sea waves would be less but my room was a so called mixed pool as usual they didn't consider they provided a tiny pool the ladies pools are big they are generous with food and drink but if you have good money stay somewhere else it is a hijab family environment but your daughter or brother is judged and warned for the shorts they wear to their knees i would like to say this: those who want to walk naked will pay the same money for those who walk naked in shorts, but those. Yorum: We stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Brac, we had a lot of fun, the food was delicious and diverse, the pools very clean and sufficient, and the sea was beautiful, the staff was good and friendly, I had good conversations with the relations lady public Melody, I recommend the hotel to everyone, you should definitely come. and the performance The location is very good, the pools are by the sea, the food is sufficient, the food is delicious, and it is very nice that the rooms have two compartments. only the sea was wavy and rocky, there was nothing to do, sea shoes are mandatory, everything was good, I had a nice holiday, I would like to thank the staff, especially Ms. It is a great advantage that the swimming pools are close to the sea. Other than that I can't complain too much about the pool, sea and food There are a lot of options, sometimes it can be oversimplified but when you look at the price and performance it's pretty normal. The sea is beautiful and does not deepen suddenly. Yorum: First of all, let me tell you that if you've been to 5 star luxury hotels before, it might not live up to your expectations, but if you go with no expectations like me, you'll probably like it I've been to September and we couldn't swim in the sea, it was too wavy, the pool was separated only for mixed children and women, it was clean and in my opinion it was enough. The sea was very rough and rocky, not pleasant. There is no valet parking, you can park your cars in places away from the hotel, if we talk about the rooms, the only air conditioner is good, the faucet in the toilet is not fully working, there are cracks on the walls in the bathroom and even the voices of the guests in the room can be heard next door, the sea is very dirty, we were very surprised when we arrived on the first day and the days after that we went to the sea outside the hotel. The sea was very rocky and there were huge rocks in it. Melodi, the PR manager of the hotel, she was very sweet, interested in everything, with a smiling face, it helps that the sea is a little rocky, but not so much that it bothers you. It is a great advantage to have swimming pools near the sea. There are lifeguards in the pool and in the sea. But I think it could have been a cleaner hotel, the nails were cut on the chairs in the lobby and people were sleeping on the sofas you know from the sea. They told us it's right next to the sea, but you go through an underground passage with a slope (the bridge is inside the hotel, it's a full family hotel). The pools were good, but the sea was very wavy and rocky, the children could not swim in the sea. It is a very nice hotel and the sea is very beautiful. Sea Cook evil coastal stones and rocks The pool is beautiful and the children's pool is also beautiful and large. Yes, the hotel has no parking and is close to the market, but that's not a big problem… Unfortunately the sea is very rough but what can the hotel do about it? The sea is very rocky and the edges are sharp, there is a risk of injury. The sea is very rocky with sharp edges and a risk of injury. The sea was a disaster. The beach and the sea were very dirty in the sea and our feet were hurting. The sea water was also very cloudy. Yorum: I stayed 3 days at Hotel Atlas, everything was perfect, clean pools, wonderful sea, friendly food, wonderful food, our conversation with Ms. The sea is rocky and wavy. No one can go to the sea. The food is good, the beach is by the sea, there are lots of activities and the staff is friendly. The sea is very beautiful but wavy and not calm. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. I believe that the shortcomings of the rooms will be fixed and corrected due to the fact that they coincide with the start of the season, and my ideas about being a visitor again may change. we have it very easy and there was no one to warn us about it, don't even call it a hotel with hijab, I was particularly stuck on this, the sea is extremely wavy And there is no jetty, what's the point of a vacation if you can't swim in the sea, I would definitely not choose the hotel again. Yorum: This is the second time we come to the hotel, everything was better than last year, at least the friends from the reception, security and public relations received us very well and the sea is great, thank you for everything. Yes, parking is a problem, the sea is pebbly, but the food is sufficient and delicious. Diarrhea nausea. This means that the pools are practically next to the sea. Unfortunately, the sea is not clean either. Yorum: It is an epidemic in Alanya If you come, you risk getting sick, nausea, diarrhea, weakness, you will spend 1-2 days. Yorum: First of all, even though I made an advance reservation, they promised me a room with a sea view and gave me a smelly room close to the garbage containers where the air conditioner motors were installed They told me they would make changes and they will fix it in a day or two but they didn't and there was no wifi connection in the room When I called the front desk and told them they said they would take care of it but they didn't -o at the end of the 3 days. I was there with two families, and some members of both families had infectious diseases. Since there are many pebbles and rocks in the sea, I generally preferred the pool. Yes, the sea is wavy because it is also open sea and it is constantly making waves because the yachts are passing by. If it was bay shaped the sea waves would be less but my room was a so called mixed pool as usual they didn't consider they provided a tiny pool the ladies pools are big they are generous with food and drink but if you have good money stay somewhere else it is a hijab family environment but your daughter or brother is judged and warned for the shorts they wear to their knees i would like to say this: those who want to walk naked will pay the same money for those who walk naked in shorts, but those. For customer satisfaction, pool animations can be increased, a breakwater can be built to cut the waves, ice cream day can be increased to two days a week, humble suggestions... The food is delicious and diverse, the pool is hot but swimmable, the beach is actually partly sandy compared to Antalya beaches, so if you like waves and salt, you can swim, and there are sweet shows in the evening, this is the case.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 8.1
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 167
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Hatice, she was very friendly :) Of course, the rooms are a bit old, I can't make a bad comment about the cleanliness, but since the bathrooms are a bit old, I didn't like it very much. The entertainment is 3/5, the rest of the room, cleanliness, pool, everything is 2/5, the food is 0/5. As for cleanliness, customers come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. Overall, it is a hotel that we are satisfied with, but it has shortcomings in terms of cleanliness, repair and maintenance of rooms. I think the cleanliness issue is relative because we have been greeted with a spotless room every year we have come. Firstly, our rooms were very cramped and dirty, nothing in the way of cleanliness. I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room and the attention of the staff. The pools are large, but the cleanliness is inadequate. Yes, there are some problems, especially in the cleanliness department, but I think that Ms. The cleanliness in the room was good. Major cleanliness measures must be taken. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. The cleanliness could have been better. It is a top 10 hotel in terms of service, attention, food and drink, cleanliness and everything else. I only have a few things to say a lot of noise from outside Sometimes there was a problem regarding cleanliness I told the workers that it was solved as soon as possible. Melodi, it couldn't be better, I have nothing to say about the cleanliness of the pools and the very good food. Yorum: We are currently at the facility The location is good, the cleanliness is good, the food is great, the service is great, but there are some issues that could be better. In general, we were satisfied with the hotel, our room was clean and we had no problems with cleanliness. The cleanliness of the family room is a big zero. The air conditioning, rooms, cleanliness, pool and attention were great. I stayed in the elevator twice, give it 2 stars, most of the food is old, I told the waiter, it is not approachable because of the smell from the pool, those who stay a little are not aware of the situation, I noticed many because I stayed for a long time According to me and most of the commentators, Atlas was at the top, the mansion is very dirty in terms of layout and environmental cleanliness, it is a source of shame for tourism. The cleanliness is good The building is not an apartment building, it doesn't have the atmosphere of a hotel, the elevator is insufficient, you have to wait in line for a long time Actually, I went down more stairs from the 5th floor are common. I wonder what the reviewers are looking for in food, satisfaction and cleanliness and why they don't like this place... The food, cleanliness and order were very good. There was a serious lack of cleanliness in the room. Cleanliness is pleasant. Yorum: I stayed for 6 days and was very satisfied, except that more attention should be paid to the cleanliness of the room. The cleanliness in the room was good, the waiters working in the restaurant are very good and friendly, especially Cemile, Mine and Nevzat are very successful and. Their cleanliness is good. Although the excuse of an epidemic is given, the hotel has a large share in the spread of this epidemic because there is no hygiene in the hotel. The concept of hygiene is absolutely foreign in this hotel. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. The pool wasn't too bad, but the hygiene there was lacking. We took this for granted, come on, but when hygiene is zero, you're fighting infectious diseases. It wasn't hygiene Lust. I gave it 3 stars because other services were good for the price, apart from hygiene. The children's pool has been closed for two days for hygiene reasons. Children's pool has been closed for two days due to hygiene reasons. Also, hygiene is lacking, Arabs dip their hands into the food, all their shawls and arms go into the food, it's disgusting. Our room had a sea view from the balcony and was very spacious and clean. The rooms were cleaned daily. All the staff, from security to the dining room, from the cleaning staff to the pool and cafe staff, were friendly and passionate about their jobs and helped us immediately with our requests. There is definitely a logical explanation, such as the rooms being cleaned, but I think the difference between check-in and check-out times should be addressed. Hatice, she was very friendly :) Of course, the rooms are a bit old, I can't make a bad comment about the cleanliness, but since the bathrooms are a bit old, I didn't like it very much. It was the same as last year, the desserts haven't changed much 😂 the restaurant section was very clean, airy and adequate, we were satisfied with this situation. The entertainment is 3/5, the rest of the room, cleanliness, pool, everything is 2/5, the food is 0/5. Our room was cleaned as often as we wanted. The room I entered on Monday was not cleaned until Thursday, the towels and linen were not changed. Room cleaning was done after I asked. When I told the housekeeper, I got the answer that there were no clean towels in the rooms I understood when I entered. The women's pool was very large and clean. As for cleanliness, customers come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. The rooms are old and not cleaned well. There were two days of good cleaning and then it's missing. Overall, it is a hotel that we are satisfied with, but it has shortcomings in terms of cleanliness, repair and maintenance of rooms. Employees are cleaning the place with hand sanitizers. The rooms were also very nice, big and clean. The food is sufficient and delicious, the dining room is very spacious and clean. I think the cleanliness issue is relative because we have been greeted with a spotless room every year we have come. I read that the disease was common in the hotel and that there is no cleaning. Room cleaning is done every morning at the hotel. Our sister who cleans the 6th floor does a very good job, we were very satisfied. I asked for the room to be cleaned and when I saw how they cleaned it (or rather they didn't clean it) I didn't say anything. The rooms are very small, dirty and not cleaned regularly. Firstly, our rooms were very cramped and dirty, nothing in the way of cleanliness. I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room and the attention of the staff. The rooms were clean. The pool water is generally not clean, it is cloudy and the bottom is not visible. The rooms are clean, cleaning is done every day at your request. The pools are large, but the cleanliness is inadequate. Yes, there are some problems, especially in the cleanliness department, but I think that Ms. Everything is impeccably clean, everything is very beautiful, the food is very delicious and there are many varieties, the breakfast is also the same, the employees are very kind and attentive, Mrs. The food was not bad in terms of taste, it was a hygienic environment at least an alternative should have been shown… There were extremely small flies in the communal toilets But when I asked for cleaning and towels, I encountered delays. The cleanliness in the room was good. Pool cleaning was good. I thought the hotel was clean. Unfortunately, the cleaning was very bad. Major cleanliness measures must be taken. Let's not forget the non-functional buttons in the elevators, the lack of oxygen in the hallways and the very delayed cleaning of the room. The hotel rooms were comfortable and clean. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. The rooms are clean and well maintained. The pools were clean. The cleanliness could have been better. The rooms, beds and towels were clean and were cleaned daily. Room cleaning should be more careful, activities for children by the pool. The rooms are not nice at all and not really clean, there was an open safe on the wall where the kids could just fumble with it. Sultan from Cleaning.👏🏻 We were very pleased with the beautiful innovations due to the renovation in this year. The hotel is clean and every effort is made to keep it clean with utmost care. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. The rooms were not clean and were not cleaned, they were cleaned only once in the 5 days I stayed there. The entrance of the hotel is very nice, it would be better if they were taken care of and cleaned, it would be good to be in order, but it is not very good, the staff is very friendly, except for some in the women's section, Fatma is very sweet people whose names I don't know for their interest and concern There is security and a lady is standing next to them. lighter, so are the desserts, the barbecue smell in the canteen is gone, there were many arrangements, we are waiting for the same arrangements for the rooms, we hope the cleaning will be ok, that's all for now, but it's a hotel to prefer with quietness, I recommend it, it is a very suitable environment for families, thank you Atlas Beach, I hope to see you again...❤️. Yorum: The reason I gave 5 stars is because the employees work hard to please people, but when it comes to criticism, the pools are not clean, although the rooms are cleaned daily, there are mold stains in the bathroom, which can be dangerous for people with allergies. We would not choose it again unless you change the cleaning policy. It is a top 10 hotel in terms of service, attention, food and drink, cleanliness and everything else. The rooms are clean, the staff is very kind and attentive, the food is delicious and the pool is nice. Ask for clean towels in the morning, clean towels come in the evening. A special place should be allocated to employees, especially selected, clean and trained workers. The pool is clean and the number of lifts is sufficient. I only have a few things to say a lot of noise from outside Sometimes there was a problem regarding cleanliness I told the workers that it was solved as soon as possible. Melodi, it couldn't be better, I have nothing to say about the cleanliness of the pools and the very good food. Thank you for your efforts, Fatma, Sultan and Julia from the women's section Leyla from Animasion, thank you for your work, Irfan Mehmet, the other friends are very friendly and the other clean young people who work there keep everything clean and very well the hotel. Yorum: We are currently at the facility The location is good, the cleanliness is good, the food is great, the service is great, but there are some issues that could be better. In general, we were satisfied with the hotel, our room was clean and we had no problems with cleanliness. Our wait for room cleaning and a suitable room lasted until 14:45. The hotel provides clean towels that you can buy once a day. Room cleaning is a TOTAL DISASTER! I asked that the room be cleaned only 1 day. Then the room was cleaned superficially. The bathroom was not cleaned. THE WORST IS, on the day of check-out, the girl between the ages of 18-20 who works as a cleaner said: CLEANING THE ROOMS! The food is good, the rooms are cleaned regularly, the pools serve as mixed and women's pools, and there are children's pools. The cleanliness of the family room is a big zero. Thanks to the cleaning sister on the 1st floor, she cleaned it every day, even if I didn't press the cleaning button. The pools were clean. The rooms are quite big, clean, and the TV supports only 10 channels. Our room was cleaned daily, sheets and towels were changed daily. The air conditioning, rooms, cleanliness, pool and attention were great. Cleaning was done every day, and even when we had a request for extra cleaning at night, they fulfilled it immediately. The room cleaning sometimes left something to be desired. Room cleaning was sometimes inadequate. Yorum: We stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Brac, we had a lot of fun, the food was delicious and diverse, the pools very clean and sufficient, and the sea was beautiful, the staff was good and friendly, I had good conversations with the relations lady public Melody, I recommend the hotel to everyone, you should definitely come. Fatma, the room cleaning staff, the pool attendants, Ms. Dila, my daughter, took care of us and was very friendly and honest, really friendly and understanding, the room is cleaned, but since we stayed for 3 days, we didn't want the very nice, clean and well-kept rooms, delicious food, mixed pool. The room was cleaned every day. I stayed in the elevator twice, give it 2 stars, most of the food is old, I told the waiter, it is not approachable because of the smell from the pool, those who stay a little are not aware of the situation, I noticed many because I stayed for a long time According to me and most of the commentators, Atlas was at the top, the mansion is very dirty in terms of layout and environmental cleanliness, it is a source of shame for tourism. We stayed for 4 nights but our room was cleaned only once and not even the towels were changed. Yorum: I came from Ankara, don't pay attention to the bad comments, I stayed on September 11, 12, 13, 2024, the room, the sheet, the sink, the bathroom are clean. Yorum: First of all, let me tell you that if you've been to 5 star luxury hotels before, it might not live up to your expectations, but if you go with no expectations like me, you'll probably like it I've been to September and we couldn't swim in the sea, it was too wavy, the pool was separated only for mixed children and women, it was clean and in my opinion it was enough. Yorum: I stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Beach, everything is very good, the food is delicious and various large and clean pools, the staff is nice and very kind, thank you very much to Ms. Yavuz who played music after dinner, the cleaning sister on the 1st floor and the lifeguard at the pool for your interest. However, the pools were not clean at all. Rooms are difficult to clean, even if only superficially with a dry mop. Yorum: I left the hotel this week, the lack of parking is a big disadvantage The pool is very dirty, unfortunately I think it is not cleaned enough. When the cleaning was done, nothing changed in our room, the dirty areas were not cleaned. For a 4* hotel, the food was good and the rooms very clean. I pressed the daily cleaning button for my room and when I arrived I saw that the towels were changed and cleaned and the food was good for the price and performance I would like a big play area for the kids but s -they had a lot of fun in the pool. Room cleaning could be done better. But I think it could have been a cleaner hotel, the nails were cut on the chairs in the lobby and people were sleeping on the sofas you know from the sea. The staff was very kind and attentive, the rooms were clean and they were cleaned when I wanted. The cleanliness is good The building is not an apartment building, it doesn't have the atmosphere of a hotel, the elevator is insufficient, you have to wait in line for a long time Actually, I went down more stairs from the 5th floor are common. I wonder what the reviewers are looking for in food, satisfaction and cleanliness and why they don't like this place... The food, cleanliness and order were very good. Yorum: This is the second time we come to this hotel, the first time we came with 5 families and now we have 3 families, as always, the food, staff and service are very good, the rooms are clean, we want to thank the PR lady Melody who she took care of us like a friend, we will definitely come back. 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 I stayed at the hotel for 5 days, I definitely do not recommend it, our room was not cleaned at all when we complained, they said they would come to clean it, but the towels were changed again and on the left the floors, toilets and bathrooms were still terrible linens were not changed, our room was not even vacuumed. The pools and beach are nice, but lack regular cleaning. Yorum: I stayed 3 days at Hotel Atlas, everything was perfect, clean pools, wonderful sea, friendly food, wonderful food, our conversation with Ms. There was a serious lack of cleanliness in the room. Cleanliness is pleasant. It is a spacious, clean and comfortable hotel where you can come with your family. Yorum: The rooms are big like 1+1, I was there for 2 people and 1 child, they are very comfortable and clean. The food was very good, but our people really attacked us as if they were starving, yet the cleaning was done very quickly and order was maintained. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. I stayed for 8 days and the rooms were not cleaned! Not even after asking (the clean button did nothing)! The pools were never cleaned and always had rocks. The beach is not clean either. Yorum: I stayed for 6 days and was very satisfied, except that more attention should be paid to the cleanliness of the room. The cleanliness in the room was good, the waiters working in the restaurant are very good and friendly, especially Cemile, Mine and Nevzat are very successful and. Their cleanliness is good. The rooms were relatively clean and, to our surprise, relatively large. Lobby service: In the lobby the tables are not cleaned on time. It is refilled late and possibly without cleaning, so many varieties often have a strange aftertaste. Unfortunately, the sea is not clean either. The room size is quite nice and the rooms are clean. Yorum: It is a wonderful hotel, the rooms are very clean, beautiful and spacious, Islamically furnished and suitable, the open buffet is very clean, hygienic and comprehensive, there are separate entertainment for children and the swimming pool was great a great privilege.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.2
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 148
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: There is a real family atmosphere. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Yorum: We as a family were satisfied with the hotel. Even though our room was a family room this year, it was small, I think that was the only problem. As a family with 2 children, we had a lot of stuff and it bothered me a little that there wasn't even enough room to open the suitcase. You can come and stay quietly, we stayed in the family room, both rooms had air conditioning and TV. Yorum: I stayed four nights in the family room in August at the hotel chosen for the halal concept. The room sizes are nice, the family rooms have double TVs and double air conditioning. I'm glad I didn't look at the comments, otherwise I wouldn't have come, I don't know, but now I say I'm glad I came and saw, God willing, as a family :) 34. As a family, we really enjoyed it. I looked at the good aspects of my family and left satisfied. Also, the pools are large with slides where all family members can enjoy their time. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... Of course, we were very pleased with the family atmosphere provided and the care and attention given to the children. Especially if you are a family with children... The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. Firstly, the rooms are quite adequate and very suitable for a family of 4. It can be preferred by the family depending on its price. What is the sincerity of the staff I kept quiet so my family wouldn't hear about it and it would be an extra fight they have absolutely nothing to do with politeness or customer relations on the street and workers harassing you. We left the hotel with an infection in the family I don't know why because our relatives who came with us did not get sick but we as a family were affected. Thanks to the Atlas Beach 66 family. Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family, we stayed for 17 days, we were satisfied with the people working at the snack bar (Ali, Erdem, Mehmet, Cafer, Mert, Berat), we were very satisfied, they are very respectful and hardworking young people, I wish them continued success, the animation group (Muhammet, Mehmet, Irfan) we were very happy, they are very cheerful people, friendly and fun young people, they were very good at shows and activities for children. I stayed in the family room but it was useful anyway. We are leaving here happily today with my family of 4. The cleanliness of the family room is a big zero. The rooms were very good, I stayed in the family room and it was very comfortable. I don't think you should believe what they say, "I walked all the way to get that car, there's no market, I was in disgrace." There are many opportunities for activities We had fun as a family with the children in the communal pool during the day and on the stage in the women's section. If it was bay shaped the sea waves would be less but my room was a so called mixed pool as usual they didn't consider they provided a tiny pool the ladies pools are big they are generous with food and drink but if you have good money stay somewhere else it is a hijab family environment but your daughter or brother is judged and warned for the shorts they wear to their knees i would like to say this: those who want to walk naked will pay the same money for those who walk naked in shorts, but those. We want to thank the Atlas Beach family, especially Mrs. We really liked it as a family, we had fun and it was a good time.. Yorum: I went to the hotel for the first time as a family. The family was not at all pleased. The room was booked as a family room. Yorum: This is the second time we have come to Atlas as a family. If you are a large family, you can definitely choose 103. We were admitted to the family after we returned from the hotel. Yorum: I had a family vacation before, now we have a very nice vacation with a group of friends at the hotel It is a very nice hotel in terms of price and location, especially the staff is very attentive and friendly, the food is enough and delicious Mrs. Yorum: I stayed for 5 days in the large family room. Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel as a family. The family room is big enough. They told us it's right next to the sea, but you go through an underground passage with a slope (the bridge is inside the hotel, it's a full family hotel). We really recommend this hotel as a family. Yorum: I stayed with my family for 3 nights on July 25th. Thanks to the Atlas family. They also offered us a room called the family room. There were also people throwing up at the pool and I ended up spending my last night in the emergency room because I couldn't stop feeling sick and throwing up for 5 days since we got back from the hotel and we as a family are still sick. It is a spacious, clean and comfortable hotel where you can come with your family. A good family atmosphere. I chose it together with my family and we were very satisfied. Yorum: I'm at the hotel now we're coming here with my family. I met Melody Hanım, the lady listens to all suggestions and I hope we can see her again in the year of the Ağaoğlu family is definitely Atlas, thank you. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Yorum: Hello, it's the first time I spent a vacation at the Atlas hotel beach and I spent a perfect and fun vacation with my family! Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 4 years, the service and staff were very nice, but the rooms are not always the same, they are big and spacious, but there are some problems, there are always shows in the evening, it is very fun, it is a family hotel. When they got to the room, a family had found broken things in the room, and suddenly they found a free room on the same floor, although it was not check-out time. There are some minor issues, but if you want to have a nice and quiet vacation with your family, I recommend it. It is a complete family hotel. It is really weird to put the kids in a miniclub close to bedtime and not have them do any activities during the day. There is still entertainment for kids and adults, but we have been seeing the same stuff for 3 years, it's boring, we need to change it now. Of course, the kids are exhausted too. These are the things I liked, it was more than enough for us with 2 kids. Wouldn't someone give the kids some ice cream? The temperature of the water slide pool was good, the kids were always there. The rooms are not nice at all and not really clean, there was an open safe on the wall where the kids could just fumble with it. I saw feces in the pools two days in a row, probably from kids wearing diapers. They organized a wide variety of activities for kids and adults. people were throwing their snot and snot into the pool and the kids were peeing in the big pool As you can see I don't recommend and we couldn't sleep because we were itching from bed bugs. If it's your first hotel experience and you have a lot of kids, you might be satisfied, but if you're looking for a certain standard, I suggest you think again. I pressed the daily cleaning button for my room and when I arrived I saw that the towels were changed and cleaned and the food was good for the price and performance I would like a big play area for the kids but s -they had a lot of fun in the pool. It was fun for the kids and the food was good, there were many dishes. The hotel's assistant general manager might approach you in front of your kids and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. Room: In our room, the fuse box was basically on the floor (see picture) so the little kids could play with it. First, there's something for kids, for which kids are allowed on stage. Children's activities can also be organized during the day. The points I found lacking were that there was no room for movement in the room due to the objects in the room and the animations for the children were interrupted. Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. During this period, it was very difficult to manage the children on the track and the sleeping hours passed. The animation team really entertained our children. The children's pool in the mixed section has been closed twice because of children's faeces. The reason we recommend this hotel is that my children want to come to the same hotel next year. As a family with 2 children, we had a lot of stuff and it bothered me a little that there wasn't even enough room to open the suitcase. Children have fun only with their fingers. For better or for worse, we returned to our hometown the next day, this time the children had a fever, weakness, they couldn't take it anymore, we took them to the hospital, they said they were infected, they couldn't start school, and even though their fever went down, it didn't go away even though they used antibiotics. The mixed pool and the one for children are next to each other and I think that men should not have such an expectation if they are going to swim in the pool because they can only go to the mixed pool, it is small and crowded. Children can enter each pool, there are no restrictions. There was a mixed pool, one for women and one for children, and it was beautiful. The good part is that the staff try to do their job well Despite the crowd, every evening there was entertainment, there could be games for children. The swimming pool is very beautiful, especially the children's pool is wonderful, the children had so much fun that they never wanted to leave. Yorum: Although we were not satisfied on the first day, probably because we went in the busiest season (23-26 August, 2 adults and 4 children), we saved our holiday from being bad when we acted accordingly on the days next. Getting to the lift is a challenge due to the width and location of the stairs Everything is much more difficult in the busy season, especially for families with babies and children. Aquatic water was very sufficient for the children. I was pleased because every day there is a new activity for children and adults. Magician It shouldn't have been done, especially to watch out for our children. In the end, there were dangerous contents in the acrobat show, regardless of the age group, they can try, the children remain questioned, until I give an explanation... There were no activities other than entertainment for children. The children seem very happy because the children's pool is nice. The good aspects of the hotel in my opinion The hotel is a nice hotel only for children. They had a great time in the children's pool with water park. The children had fun at the events that took place every evening. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. the restaurant staff, the children's entertainment team, the pancake brother, the bar friends are very friendly and helpful... It is a place that you can easily choose for children. Several areas can be made for men, there are areas for women and children, but a place can be reserved for men as well. Of course, we were very pleased with the family atmosphere provided and the care and attention given to the children. Especially if you are a family with children... The children's pool was the best, even the adults spent time there :) The food was very good, meat (lamb chops, steak) and fish were available every day. Room cleaning should be more careful, activities for children by the pool. Yorum: We booked our holiday as 4 adults and 2 children with 2 separate rooms next to each other for 6 days. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. It is suitable for children because we leave the room in the morning and spend time in the sea and the pool until the evening. Those who want to come with their children can choose a safe environment. We are all sick with 2 adults and two children. Children must not ride the slide alone without a parent. The male and female pools are very close, which makes the sea close, a little rocky, but he is a very, very good employee, he is very good with our children, from mini club to Sultan. It is boring for children to always have the same music in the mini club. Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family, we stayed for 17 days, we were satisfied with the people working at the snack bar (Ali, Erdem, Mehmet, Cafer, Mert, Berat), we were very satisfied, they are very respectful and hardworking young people, I wish them continued success, the animation group (Muhammet, Mehmet, Irfan) we were very happy, they are very cheerful people, friendly and fun young people, they were very good at shows and activities for children. Leyla who entertained the children in the evening Thanks to Mr. We had a fun and quiet vacation with our children. There are pools for children, adults and women. The food is good, the rooms are cleaned regularly, the pools serve as mixed and women's pools, and there are children's pools. He took very good care of the children. I don't think you should believe what they say, "I walked all the way to get that car, there's no market, I was in disgrace." There are many opportunities for activities We had fun as a family with the children in the communal pool during the day and on the stage in the women's section. The evening mini shows were a particular highlight and created a great atmosphere for families and children. Especially the evening mini-shocks were the biggest source of entertainment for families and children. Both our children and we had fun every evening. The women's pool and the children's pool are very good. The women's pool was nice, the children's pool too... Yorum: First of all, let me tell you that if you've been to 5 star luxury hotels before, it might not live up to your expectations, but if you go with no expectations like me, you'll probably like it I've been to September and we couldn't swim in the sea, it was too wavy, the pool was separated only for mixed children and women, it was clean and in my opinion it was enough. There are long lines for waffles This food, which is actually made for children, is crowded with adults, and if one person wants 10, there is not enough time for the remaining ones. Instead of removing it, it should be limited to only children and to a maximum of 1 so that each child can benefit from it. If you have small children, the children's pool is large and safe. Children's activities can also be organized during the day. the pool is ideal for children. The pools are very warm, so it is not normal to be so hot, there are very few activities for children, they only run for half an hour in the evening, the food is very good, it is very beautiful, I liked it , you won't be hungry, things happen at all hours, and we Ms. The pools were good, but the sea was very wavy and rocky, the children could not swim in the sea. Sea Cook evil coastal stones and rocks The pool is beautiful and the children's pool is also beautiful and large. The rooms are suitable and useful for families with children. There are different events every day, in the evening, especially for children. The children's pool has been closed for two days for hygiene reasons. Children's pool has been closed for two days due to hygiene reasons. Update: I avoid my vomiting sick children at all costs. Suitable for children. It would be better if they didn't allow children to enter the mixed pool. There was a high risk of injury to small children, but no one cared. Yorum: It is a wonderful hotel, the rooms are very clean, beautiful and spacious, Islamically furnished and suitable, the open buffet is very clean, hygienic and comprehensive, there are separate entertainment for children and the swimming pool was great a great privilege.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.3
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 134
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: If you have a baby stroller, you have to wait for the elevator like us. If you're not lucky you can walk from the 6th floor with a stroller and you can wait each time until you get a free lift. There is a real family atmosphere. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Yorum: We as a family were satisfied with the hotel. Even though our room was a family room this year, it was small, I think that was the only problem. As a family with 2 children, we had a lot of stuff and it bothered me a little that there wasn't even enough room to open the suitcase. You can come and stay quietly, we stayed in the family room, both rooms had air conditioning and TV. Yorum: I stayed four nights in the family room in August at the hotel chosen for the halal concept. The room sizes are nice, the family rooms have double TVs and double air conditioning. I'm glad I didn't look at the comments, otherwise I wouldn't have come, I don't know, but now I say I'm glad I came and saw, God willing, as a family :) 34. As a family, we really enjoyed it. I looked at the good aspects of my family and left satisfied. Also, the pools are large with slides where all family members can enjoy their time. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... Of course, we were very pleased with the family atmosphere provided and the care and attention given to the children. Especially if you are a family with children... The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. Firstly, the rooms are quite adequate and very suitable for a family of 4. It can be preferred by the family depending on its price. What is the sincerity of the staff I kept quiet so my family wouldn't hear about it and it would be an extra fight they have absolutely nothing to do with politeness or customer relations on the street and workers harassing you. We left the hotel with an infection in the family I don't know why because our relatives who came with us did not get sick but we as a family were affected. Thanks to the Atlas Beach 66 family. Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family, we stayed for 17 days, we were satisfied with the people working at the snack bar (Ali, Erdem, Mehmet, Cafer, Mert, Berat), we were very satisfied, they are very respectful and hardworking young people, I wish them continued success, the animation group (Muhammet, Mehmet, Irfan) we were very happy, they are very cheerful people, friendly and fun young people, they were very good at shows and activities for children. I stayed in the family room but it was useful anyway. We are leaving here happily today with my family of 4. The cleanliness of the family room is a big zero. The rooms were very good, I stayed in the family room and it was very comfortable. I don't think you should believe what they say, "I walked all the way to get that car, there's no market, I was in disgrace." There are many opportunities for activities We had fun as a family with the children in the communal pool during the day and on the stage in the women's section. If it was bay shaped the sea waves would be less but my room was a so called mixed pool as usual they didn't consider they provided a tiny pool the ladies pools are big they are generous with food and drink but if you have good money stay somewhere else it is a hijab family environment but your daughter or brother is judged and warned for the shorts they wear to their knees i would like to say this: those who want to walk naked will pay the same money for those who walk naked in shorts, but those. We want to thank the Atlas Beach family, especially Mrs. We really liked it as a family, we had fun and it was a good time.. Yorum: I went to the hotel for the first time as a family. The family was not at all pleased. The room was booked as a family room. Yorum: This is the second time we have come to Atlas as a family. If you are a large family, you can definitely choose 103. We were admitted to the family after we returned from the hotel. Yorum: I had a family vacation before, now we have a very nice vacation with a group of friends at the hotel It is a very nice hotel in terms of price and location, especially the staff is very attentive and friendly, the food is enough and delicious Mrs. Yorum: I stayed for 5 days in the large family room. Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel as a family. The family room is big enough. They told us it's right next to the sea, but you go through an underground passage with a slope (the bridge is inside the hotel, it's a full family hotel). We really recommend this hotel as a family. Yorum: I stayed with my family for 3 nights on July 25th. Thanks to the Atlas family. They also offered us a room called the family room. There were also people throwing up at the pool and I ended up spending my last night in the emergency room because I couldn't stop feeling sick and throwing up for 5 days since we got back from the hotel and we as a family are still sick. It is a spacious, clean and comfortable hotel where you can come with your family. A good family atmosphere. I chose it together with my family and we were very satisfied. Yorum: I'm at the hotel now we're coming here with my family. I met Melody Hanım, the lady listens to all suggestions and I hope we can see her again in the year of the Ağaoğlu family is definitely Atlas, thank you. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Yorum: Hello, it's the first time I spent a vacation at the Atlas hotel beach and I spent a perfect and fun vacation with my family! Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 4 years, the service and staff were very nice, but the rooms are not always the same, they are big and spacious, but there are some problems, there are always shows in the evening, it is very fun, it is a family hotel. When they got to the room, a family had found broken things in the room, and suddenly they found a free room on the same floor, although it was not check-out time. There are some minor issues, but if you want to have a nice and quiet vacation with your family, I recommend it. It is a complete family hotel. If you have a baby stroller, you have to wait for the elevator like us. The points I found lacking were that there was no room for movement in the room due to the objects in the room and the animations for the children were interrupted. Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. During this period, it was very difficult to manage the children on the track and the sleeping hours passed. The animation team really entertained our children. The children's pool in the mixed section has been closed twice because of children's faeces. The reason we recommend this hotel is that my children want to come to the same hotel next year. As a family with 2 children, we had a lot of stuff and it bothered me a little that there wasn't even enough room to open the suitcase. Children have fun only with their fingers. For better or for worse, we returned to our hometown the next day, this time the children had a fever, weakness, they couldn't take it anymore, we took them to the hospital, they said they were infected, they couldn't start school, and even though their fever went down, it didn't go away even though they used antibiotics. The mixed pool and the one for children are next to each other and I think that men should not have such an expectation if they are going to swim in the pool because they can only go to the mixed pool, it is small and crowded. Children can enter each pool, there are no restrictions. There was a mixed pool, one for women and one for children, and it was beautiful. The good part is that the staff try to do their job well Despite the crowd, every evening there was entertainment, there could be games for children. The swimming pool is very beautiful, especially the children's pool is wonderful, the children had so much fun that they never wanted to leave. Yorum: Although we were not satisfied on the first day, probably because we went in the busiest season (23-26 August, 2 adults and 4 children), we saved our holiday from being bad when we acted accordingly on the days next. Getting to the lift is a challenge due to the width and location of the stairs Everything is much more difficult in the busy season, especially for families with babies and children. Aquatic water was very sufficient for the children. I was pleased because every day there is a new activity for children and adults. Magician It shouldn't have been done, especially to watch out for our children. In the end, there were dangerous contents in the acrobat show, regardless of the age group, they can try, the children remain questioned, until I give an explanation... There were no activities other than entertainment for children. The children seem very happy because the children's pool is nice. The good aspects of the hotel in my opinion The hotel is a nice hotel only for children. They had a great time in the children's pool with water park. The children had fun at the events that took place every evening. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. the restaurant staff, the children's entertainment team, the pancake brother, the bar friends are very friendly and helpful... It is a place that you can easily choose for children. Several areas can be made for men, there are areas for women and children, but a place can be reserved for men as well. Of course, we were very pleased with the family atmosphere provided and the care and attention given to the children. Especially if you are a family with children... The children's pool was the best, even the adults spent time there :) The food was very good, meat (lamb chops, steak) and fish were available every day. Room cleaning should be more careful, activities for children by the pool. Yorum: We booked our holiday as 4 adults and 2 children with 2 separate rooms next to each other for 6 days. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. It is suitable for children because we leave the room in the morning and spend time in the sea and the pool until the evening. Those who want to come with their children can choose a safe environment. We are all sick with 2 adults and two children. Children must not ride the slide alone without a parent. The male and female pools are very close, which makes the sea close, a little rocky, but he is a very, very good employee, he is very good with our children, from mini club to Sultan. It is boring for children to always have the same music in the mini club. Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family, we stayed for 17 days, we were satisfied with the people working at the snack bar (Ali, Erdem, Mehmet, Cafer, Mert, Berat), we were very satisfied, they are very respectful and hardworking young people, I wish them continued success, the animation group (Muhammet, Mehmet, Irfan) we were very happy, they are very cheerful people, friendly and fun young people, they were very good at shows and activities for children. Leyla who entertained the children in the evening Thanks to Mr. We had a fun and quiet vacation with our children. There are pools for children, adults and women. The food is good, the rooms are cleaned regularly, the pools serve as mixed and women's pools, and there are children's pools. He took very good care of the children. I don't think you should believe what they say, "I walked all the way to get that car, there's no market, I was in disgrace." There are many opportunities for activities We had fun as a family with the children in the communal pool during the day and on the stage in the women's section. The evening mini shows were a particular highlight and created a great atmosphere for families and children. Especially the evening mini-shocks were the biggest source of entertainment for families and children. Both our children and we had fun every evening. The women's pool and the children's pool are very good. The women's pool was nice, the children's pool too... Yorum: First of all, let me tell you that if you've been to 5 star luxury hotels before, it might not live up to your expectations, but if you go with no expectations like me, you'll probably like it I've been to September and we couldn't swim in the sea, it was too wavy, the pool was separated only for mixed children and women, it was clean and in my opinion it was enough. There are long lines for waffles This food, which is actually made for children, is crowded with adults, and if one person wants 10, there is not enough time for the remaining ones. Instead of removing it, it should be limited to only children and to a maximum of 1 so that each child can benefit from it. If you have small children, the children's pool is large and safe. Children's activities can also be organized during the day. the pool is ideal for children. The pools are very warm, so it is not normal to be so hot, there are very few activities for children, they only run for half an hour in the evening, the food is very good, it is very beautiful, I liked it , you won't be hungry, things happen at all hours, and we Ms. The pools were good, but the sea was very wavy and rocky, the children could not swim in the sea. Sea Cook evil coastal stones and rocks The pool is beautiful and the children's pool is also beautiful and large. The rooms are suitable and useful for families with children. There are different events every day, in the evening, especially for children. The children's pool has been closed for two days for hygiene reasons. Children's pool has been closed for two days due to hygiene reasons. Update: I avoid my vomiting sick children at all costs. Suitable for children. It would be better if they didn't allow children to enter the mixed pool. There was a high risk of injury to small children, but no one cared. Yorum: It is a wonderful hotel, the rooms are very clean, beautiful and spacious, Islamically furnished and suitable, the open buffet is very clean, hygienic and comprehensive, there are separate entertainment for children and the swimming pool was great a great privilege.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 6.4
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 119
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: You cannot leave your car waiting in front of the hotel for too long, you must transport your luggage as soon as possible. There are 2 elevators for 4 people each, because the hotel is very busy, there is a queue for the elevator and you can wait a few minutes. Yorum: Although we were not satisfied on the first day, probably because we went in the busiest season (23-26 August, 2 adults and 4 children), we saved our holiday from being bad when we acted accordingly on the days next. The restaurant is very busy during the first 45 minutes of the meal and the water slide pool is generally busy. Getting to the lift is a challenge due to the width and location of the stairs Everything is much more difficult in the busy season, especially for families with babies and children. Although there is a sandy part of the sea, during busy times you have to slide to the stony and rocky parts, you have to use sea shoes. Within 1 year, he took the already good business to another bar. Must be a graduate of Business Administration or Public Administration. But it is very sad (for the business owner) to make the food so tasteless. A special place should be allocated to employees, especially selected, clean and trained workers. It is a hotel in the city There is no parking, you park your car somewhere on the street, but being a market area, you have to go somewhere else on the day of the fair. The hotel does not have a parking lot, park on the street in front of it. They were not helpful The biggest problem is the parking. As we traveled around Alanya several times to see different beaches, we had to constantly look for a parking space. There is no parking, you can park on the street where the hotel is located, but being the Wednesday market, you are called to tow the vehicle on Tuesday evening. There is no parking, parking is a big problem. Negative aspects of the hotel, in my opinion The hotel has no parking. Very good, but there is a parking problem. There is no parking and nobody cares where you park your car. It would be better if this parking problem was solved. The hotel has no parking and you must bring your car on the day of the street market. Perhaps the only drawback is the lack of parking, you can find a parking place for your car, but it may be far from the hotel. Yorum: If I have to express my complaints, first of all there is no parking and there is a market on the street of the hotel, which is a total shame. Regarding the parking issue, the hotel is located in a quiet place. There is no parking, this is a big shortcoming. Yorum: First of all, there is no parking, there is no one to greet you when you enter, you complete your transactions and go to your room alone, there is no one to show you to the room, there is no one to carry your luggage, when we enter the room, it's only flat from above, in tested mode, but apart from that, the beds are not taken care of, the pillows are yellow, hot and the air conditioning motor burns, in the elevator of a 4 star hotel And there is no heater or cooler in the corridors, there is no servant of God who cares, I have no words for the pool staff, but other than that, who are the people in the hotel sending you to beat you up. Also, the fact that the huge hotel has no parking is a very serious problem. There is no valet parking, you can park your cars in places away from the hotel, if we talk about the rooms, the only air conditioner is good, the faucet in the toilet is not fully working, there are cracks on the walls in the bathroom and even the voices of the guests in the room can be heard next door, the sea is very dirty, we were very surprised when we arrived on the first day and the days after that we went to the sea outside the hotel. Yorum: I left the hotel this week, the lack of parking is a big disadvantage The pool is very dirty, unfortunately I think it is not cleaned enough. Yes, the hotel has no parking and is close to the market, but that's not a big problem… Unfortunately the sea is very rough but what can the hotel do about it? However, the hotel parking issue needs to be resolved as soon as possible. Yes, parking is a problem, the sea is pebbly, but the food is sufficient and delicious. The animation team were not around during the day, the lifts were always inadequate, and there was no parking unless you were a foreign tourist or expat. The location is beautiful, the beach is good, the sea is rocky, but the water is beautiful. Getting to the lift is a challenge due to the width and location of the stairs Everything is much more difficult in the busy season, especially for families with babies and children. Hotel location etc. It is also in an easy to find location. Yorum: The location, quality of service and comfort of the hotel are really excellent. Yorum: We are currently at the facility The location is good, the cleanliness is good, the food is great, the service is great, but there are some issues that could be better. and the performance The location is very good, the pools are by the sea, the food is sufficient, the food is delicious, and it is very nice that the rooms have two compartments. Yorum: I had a family vacation before, now we have a very nice vacation with a group of friends at the hotel It is a very nice hotel in terms of price and location, especially the staff is very attentive and friendly, the food is enough and delicious Mrs. There is a walking distance between the hotel building, the pool and the beach. Yorum: The condition of the mosques was not nice at all, it didn't suit a conservative hotel at all The beach was neglected and very rocky, those stones and sands could have been repaired, the distance between the lounge and the cafe is very long, there was no reception area, the old environment it was better, our friends ask about it. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. It is central in Konakli town. There is a walking distance between the hotel building, the pool and the beach. It is a hotel in the city There is no parking, you park your car somewhere on the street, but being a market area, you have to go somewhere else on the day of the fair. The elevator waiting area is incredibly small and stuffy. To get to the rooms, you go through the restaurant, through the smells of food, and the dining area does not get natural air to some extent, but after a while, you don't like the food. Some changes have been made to the restaurant and lobby area. Brothers Mehmet and Erdem in the pool area, Simge the rinser, Rümeysa the entertainer, Ladies Sultan and Culia in the ladies pool and of course Miss Melodine, they all take care of the guests one by one as if they were hosting guests. As it is a hotel set up in a settlement, it does not have a large area and you have to park your vehicles on the side of the road wherever you find it. The grill in the restaurant area is disturbing because of the strong smell, and because of the unconscious individual use of the toaster in the morning, there is a lot of smell. It is good that it is easy to move from the pool to the beach area. Although the lobby area was a bit small, it was new and shiny. The passage from the hotel to the sea and pool area is provided by a tunnel. The separate pool and women's area was very good and very nice for women wearing hijab. Several areas can be made for men, there are areas for women and children, but a place can be reserved for men as well. Yorum: The condition of the mosques was not nice at all, it didn't suit a conservative hotel at all The beach was neglected and very rocky, those stones and sands could have been repaired, the distance between the lounge and the cafe is very long, there was no reception area, the old environment it was better, our friends ask about it. The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. The only other nice places around here are Incekumu beach, almost all of Alanya is a rocky area. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. And since there is only one toilet in the pool area, sometimes you have to wait in line.. Before continuing 2 meters, the sea suddenly reaches a depth of 40-50 cm and THERE ARE ROCKS on the ground in the area belonging to the hotel. The staff in the dining area were always friendly and attentive, which made eating a real pleasure. Ali) The women's pool area, looked after by Fatma and Gülsüm, was excellent. The two employees made sure that the area was always inviting. The air conditioning in the hallways didn't work, which made those areas particularly hot and stuffy. The hotel has many strengths, such as its dedicated staff and wide range of entertainment options, but there are some areas that need urgent improvement to make guests' stays more enjoyable. The staff in the dining area (especially Kübra Hanım and Ali Bey) were always polite and attentive, which made the food really enjoyable. The women's pool area was perfectly managed by Fatma and Gulsum. Although the hotel had many positive aspects, there were also some areas that needed improvement. The air conditioning in the corridors was not working, making these areas very hot and stuffy, especially after a sunny day. The hotel has many strengths such as attentive staff and a variety of leisure facilities, but some areas urgently need improvement to make guests' stay more enjoyable. In other words, everywhere is turned into a room, and common areas are problematic. The dining area looks like a cafeteria, but it's good that it's cool. When the cleaning was done, nothing changed in our room, the dirty areas were not cleaned. I pressed the daily cleaning button for my room and when I arrived I saw that the towels were changed and cleaned and the food was good for the price and performance I would like a big play area for the kids but s -they had a lot of fun in the pool. Red meat should be placed on the grill side of the dining area. Also, the area reserved for the hotel was quite small. The dining area is very ugly, like a wedding hall. Yorum: Leyla's music selection and energy are great, I can come here again My dear Leyla, thank you very much for your interest, concern and smiling face, the lifeguard working in the relevant women's area. Employees are cleaning the place with hand sanitizers. It is almost impossible to find a place to sit for dinner. Yorum: I have been on vacation in many places and I have never commented, but after a vacation in this hotel, I felt the need to comment. It was frustrating to wait in line for twenty minutes and not find a place to sit in the main course. Although it is a personal problem that people who come to the pool from the sea bring sand into the pools, placing the showers in a visible and more accessible place can solve this problem. So it would be very wrong to judge this place based on someone else's comment. The children had fun at the events that took place every evening. Having the pool and the sea in the same place offers a great advantage. I definitely regret a place where you won't be. It is a place that you can easily choose for children. Several areas can be made for men, there are areas for women and children, but a place can be reserved for men as well. The only other nice places around here are Incekumu beach, almost all of Alanya is a rocky area. the money you paid for the price and performance It's one of the places we can go back to. Indicated immediately but the lock was replaced only 2 days later and I slept very poorly those 2 nights. A special place should be allocated to employees, especially selected, clean and trained workers. A warning sign must be placed on the slide of the mixed pool. If you don't want a very luxurious place, you can come here. Perhaps the only drawback is the lack of parking, you can find a parking place for your car, but it may be far from the hotel. As for the Islamic hotel concept, there is a mixed pool, so called men's pool, and women swim inappropriately there, I don't think I need to mention the beach… Drinks Coca Cola ice cream algida coffee maker drinks nest and this place is halal concept 77. It is an ideal hotel for those looking for a quiet and peaceful place. Regarding the parking issue, the hotel is located in a quiet place. However, no additions were made to replace the sold out products. That's why the place was full of ants, because they were always spilling the food. We are embarrassed by the deficiency and immediately replace it with a new one. There is no valet parking, you can park your cars in places away from the hotel, if we talk about the rooms, the only air conditioner is good, the faucet in the toilet is not fully working, there are cracks on the walls in the bathroom and even the voices of the guests in the room can be heard next door, the sea is very dirty, we were very surprised when we arrived on the first day and the days after that we went to the sea outside the hotel. It takes a thousand witnesses to call a hotel a hotel, a place like an apartment. You cannot compare this place with hotels that cost 50 thousand TL per day. The whole place smells awful and they are no help. Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. Thanks to them, we said we are glad we chose this place. I wonder what the reviewers are looking for in food, satisfaction and cleanliness and why they don't like this place... Because the people who live in the houses on the neighboring streets always want us to move our car, saying it's our place... Red meat should be placed on the grill side of the dining area. The hotel's assistant general manager might approach you in front of your kids and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. Overall, it's a place that can do well for its money, except for the food, but the food is definitely very bad. The place is right at the elevator entrance, so we had to be careful every time. It is truly a wonderful place for a holiday.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 9.3
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 13
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The children's pool in the mixed section has been closed twice because of children's faeces. The swimming pool is very beautiful, especially the children's pool is wonderful, the children had so much fun that they never wanted to leave. The children seem very happy because the children's pool is nice. They had a great time in the children's pool with water park. The children's pool was the best, even the adults spent time there :) The food was very good, meat (lamb chops, steak) and fish were available every day. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. The food is good, the rooms are cleaned regularly, the pools serve as mixed and women's pools, and there are children's pools. The women's pool and the children's pool are very good. The women's pool was nice, the children's pool too... If you have small children, the children's pool is large and safe. Sea Cook evil coastal stones and rocks The pool is beautiful and the children's pool is also beautiful and large. The children's pool has been closed for two days for hygiene reasons. Children's pool has been closed for two days due to hygiene reasons.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 5.7
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 13
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Ali, spa manager Ms. Deniz and her spa team for your interest. I couldn't go for a massage because of fear. There was no sauna, Turkish bath or massage, it was under renovation. We wanted to have a massage, but the sauna and massage rooms were closed. In addition, the sauna and Turkish bath were under renovation and we could not use those services at all. There was no sauna, Turkish bath or massage, it was under renovation. The Turkish bath and sauna are under renovation and this is not mentioned when people make their reservations. We wanted to have a massage, but the sauna and massage rooms were closed. Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Halal Hotel on 5/9 October, it was a very reasonable experience for us, especially in October, it has a quiet and peaceful environment, perfect for relaxation. The food served at the pool is the same and unhealthy every day, there is absolutely no variety. Healthy for those who want, sweet for those who want desserts🥗 One of the reasons why you choose the hotel is that the swimming pools and the sea are close to each other. We gave up the money we paid for our health and left early and could barely last 2 nights.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 8.6
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 12
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The lifeguard friends were attentive to their duties to his entertaining music. There are 3 pools in the women's section, a beautiful tall women's pool, sunbeds, coffee, sterile, music... The animations are completely unsuccessful, especially for women, and old music is played constantly. I wanted to write that I really enjoyed today's live music and magic show event. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. It is boring for children to always have the same music in the mini club. We would like to thank Yavuz Bey, who serves drinks in the dining room in the evening, for his music. Yavuz who played music after dinner, the cleaning sister on the 1st floor and the lifeguard at the pool for your interest. Yorum: Leyla's music selection and energy are great, I can come here again My dear Leyla, thank you very much for your interest, concern and smiling face, the lifeguard working in the relevant women's area. Yorum: If you are used to luxury hotels, you will experience disappointment and adjustment problems upon arrival. As a group, we were very pleased with the DJ and Ms. Every day was occupied with Mehmet and Mohamed's activities, between darts, dancing and pool football.

Özel Menü için rating: 8.6
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 9
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: friendly attitude, to Gizem who is a savior and attentive, I would like to thank the beautiful Aytül who made us feel comfortable in terms of security, the maids who met all our needs upstairs, valuable cooks and assistants to them who served delicious meals. The evening meals are very diverse, there are also plenty of desserts, there is just a lack of taste, do not expect very delicious food every day, breakfast is the same every day and there are almost all kinds. It was the same food every day for breakfast and other meals for 6 days, which we really didn't like at all. The show buffet also serves delicious protein-rich grilled meals. Mother's meals with lots of greens and olive oil❤️. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. Grilled food, juicy dishes, various kinds of salads, desserts, fruits, all kinds of blessings are available for 3 meals. The meals were varied and rich. shelter, I am very satisfied with our meals, your breakfast presentations, our workers were very knowledgeable and patient, they never made a sound about what was broken or spilled, I was very satisfied with this satisfaction, I would like to emphasize that I was very pleased with the women, I have my eyes on the back.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 8.7
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Halal Hotel on 5/9 October, it was a very reasonable experience for us, especially in October, it has a quiet and peaceful environment, perfect for relaxation. When the sea was calm, especially the last three days it was very calm and clear, the swimming was pleasant The transitions from the hotel to here Since it was short, the round trip took a little time. Yorum: Before I start, I want to say this, don't be calm. The sea is calm in the morning but becomes a bit choppy in the afternoon. The interval in which he remains calm is very short. The sea is very beautiful but wavy and not calm.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 9.2
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: I guess the evening shows weren't entertaining enough because they were at the end of the season. The evening shows were also beautiful. I wanted to write that I really enjoyed today's live music and magic show event. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. Every day was occupied with Mehmet and Mohamed's activities, between darts, dancing and pool football. In the evening there were performances for young and old.

Balayı için rating: 7.9
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. There should be a private pool for men. In Islamic hotels, while there is a private pool for women, it is very inconvenient for them to come to the mixed pool and it makes it crowded. There were also private hospital expenses as well as the hotel fee. Fatma who worked at the private women's pool and we thank them for fulfilling all our whims.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 10.0
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Halal Hotel on 5/9 October, it was a very reasonable experience for us, especially in October, it has a quiet and peaceful environment, perfect for relaxation.

