Hotel Name: Baia Lara Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 7.9
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 266
All results text for Service Quality: Yorum: A good hotel, very good services, friendly staff. Yorum: The price is very high, for the services offered The same food every day The staff is ok Italian cuisine is missing a lot 😿 3. The hotel staff is kind and attentive to the cleanliness around the pools. Yorum: I didn't like that you were treated differently compared to Russian citizens who of course were the majority in this hotel and left a mess at the hotel staff, the food was almost the same every day, the drink was not of high quality for an ultra all inclusive system, and what not I liked it the most, you were followed all the time by a hotel employee when you were drinking and eating something, otherwise everything was ok! Yorum: Beach, pool, staff ok. Yorum: Excellent conditions, kindness of the staff, superlative gastronomy. The staff was very friendly and always available if you had any questions. Yorum: The resort is wonderful and the staff here were friendly. The staff is friendly The animation events were good, we didn't go to them but watched them and we don't mind. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. Yorum: Friendly and enthusiastic staff, despite the end of the season. Honestly, I was a bit hesitant, but our room was very nice, the service was absolutely ok, I didn't feel any discrimination, there were staff constantly asking if we needed anything, even if someone saw us as we walked, they greeted us and smiled. Except for 2 people, the staff serving at the hotel do not smile. Comment: Great hotel, large spacious rooms and friendly staff. Yorum: Nice big hotel, very kind staff, delicious food, we lacked nothing. Housekeepers say there is a shortage of staff and they can't keep up. Even if you find it, it takes an hour for the staff to come to you. The staff who arrive are exhausted and sullen. There is no problem except that the staff brings out 2 glasses in 20 minutes and it is slow. First of all, the staff was generally kind and we were pleased with the kindness shown to the Turkish guests in particular. Unfortunately, the staff made a rather unmotivated impression, but that could also be at the end of the season. In addition, I noticed that the staff were more friendly to foreign tourists, while Turkish guests were often ignored. This behavior was confirmed by the staff themselves, who indicated that other Turkish families had complained about this. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. The facility and the staff are great, as is the food, which is varied and of very good quality. The evening show and the mining staff are very kind. Great value, great facilities, all the staff are really friendly and helpful and very welcoming, the Pool is great and I especially liked the … 56. The staff is friendly. As for the negatives; The number of staff could be increased, they had difficulty keeping up even if it was not busy. I would like to thank everyone in turn, from the hotel staff who received our first vehicle to the reception, from the housekeeping team to the restaurant, from the bar to the entertainment team. I didn't want to leave it without commenting on its kind and friendly staff, clean, spacious and comfortable room and delicious and varied meals. Many thanks to the hotel staff and management 💐 64. Yorum: Very kind staff - respect!!! Some of the staff are untrained, some don't clean all the plates or only on request. There were many other great people on staff. The toilets by the pool don't work, the water is always hot The cleaning staff only leave the rooms by straightening the top sheets. As we sit in the lobby drinking coffee, I have the staff turn on the lights. We really liked how friendly the staff was. nice big rooms and very friendly staff … just a bit too many kids in october .. All two weeks we relaxed body and soul, there are always free places on the beach, there is no rush in the bars, the staff of ... Even the entertainers and staff were super nice and cool!! The entertainer friends and other waiters and staff were very interested, but let me tell you that the holiday is quiet from start to finish. The shows are very good, the entertainment and the staff very kind 83. The staff were all super friendly and accommodating. Yorum: I have 3 criticisms of the hotel, regarding the staff, the rooms and the food is quite adequate and nice. The rooms were poorly cleaned and on at least two occasions the cleaning staff entered my room while my family and I were still sleeping. The check-in process was chaotic and the staff was very unprofessional. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. the front desk staff asked me to pay before leaving and was very rude about it, I said I'm not checking out yet but they insisted I paid immediately? The towel lady in the morning was nice, the only genuine member of staff there, shame… 92. The cleaning service, the nightly entertainment and above all the friendliness of all the staff was wonderful and the food was much better than most of the famous hotels we visited, I will recommend it and come back for us. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently. the meal as you know the drinks were a hit and the fun on sunday was the staff day off so the hotel is boring i don't go 95 anymore. The only negative point is the staff, not very friendly. Yorum: The use of the hotel, the width of the venue, the organization was very good The attention of the staff was very good, do not pay attention to the comments, they said that foreign staff are given more attention, but it was not like. Pro - Staff (those who work, others make promises they forget. - Lack of staff. Some waiters run around like the devil is after them, but they simply lack the wait staff. Management Tip: Stop using towel cards and let staff walk around and remove towels that aren't used for more than 2 hours. Maybe the cleaning staff has too little time to clean the rooms. At least the cleaning staff is very nice. Maybe due to understaffing and cost cutting. they are excellent and the staff provide such honest service. It was beautiful, the staff were really friendly and the all inclusive food and drink was great! The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. The staff, without exception, were helpful, courteous, efficient and professional. A beautiful hotel, stunning setting, exceptional staff and a wonderful week had by all. Comment: too few staff in the pool area. The reception staff are very helpful and deserve praise. Yorum: An excellent hotel, especially the staff is very attentive and respectful. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. The staff is terrible, sometimes they refuse simple requests, namely: calling a taxi, food in the room, etc. The staff is so unfriendly and the hotel has not answered some questions for weeks. The staff is kind and we were very satisfied with this hotel. All the staff were very attentive and the food was amazing, more chose the sports animator Ayşe, she is a very friendly person, the sport was very pleasant for us. When in doubt, they are simply pushed by both other guests and staff. The staff was polite and that is the only good point of this hotel. It's very hard to please people, and the staff knows this, so they don't know where to turn. There is nothing to say about the food, it is really good, but even after the capacity of the hotel in April, the number of working staff is low. The staff is not particularly polite, aggressive. The staff, food and facilities are very good. The dinner is not bad, the rooms are clean, in general it is a new hotel, the beach and the pools are nice, the Aquapark is very nice, but the Turks, mostly foreigners, can feel foreign :) Number of staff should increase There is a serious problem finding sunbeds by the pool However I liked it nice Hotels I stayed in sueno titanic Papillon 129. Most of the staff are very friendly. The office staff as well as the manager just claim they can do everything and are trained. Friendly staff, great facilities and perfect beach and jetty. Yorum: Very good hotel and very fun activities in the pool as well as very nice staff at the pool organizing activities. Yorum: In short, it's a wonderful hotel, the staff is friendly and warm, they help you in every way, the animation team is top notch, thank you very much to everyone, I'm glad you're loved by the baias, see you next year. One day it was full, the next it was empty and there was no water activity other than water polo and to be honest I was sick of the old nuts that were served with drinks in the evening as entertainment… and the staff were indifferent. The staff is always friendly. The hotel as a whole is apparently aimed at the European public, as there are not many Russian visitors and also not enough Russian-speaking staff. Because there is no staff. Extremely understaffed. If you ask the name of the hotel, 70% of the staff would not know it. Too bad the staff is miserable. Yorum: It was my family's first time in this hotel and I must say that the staff was very kind and very friendly. A special thanks once again to the Pusty Kids Club staff (Serenay, Pakize, Sude, Fatima, Nergiz) you were really great. Cleaning staff so unruly. Most of the restaurant staff so undisciplined. Customer Relations Leader Melike yells at the lobby bar staff in front of customers; bad and rude behavior. Very friendly staff 🙂 The lady (Gulhan) who gives towels is very friendly and always has a smiling face. In this hotel, there were few staff who spoke the language: no German and very little English, hard to understand and yet I speak 5 languages ​​myself. The towel, bar and restaurant staff were generally friendly. |The staff is friendly and helpful. Yorum: The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, the service staff is kind, it is very close to the sea and the pool is very big. The staff is very kind, especially Samet (pool service with inline skates). Yorum: A good hotel, very good services, friendly staff. Comment: Great hotel, large spacious rooms and friendly staff. I didn't want to leave it without commenting on its kind and friendly staff, clean, spacious and comfortable room and delicious and varied meals. nice big rooms and very friendly staff … just a bit too many kids in october .. Friendly staff, great facilities and perfect beach and jetty. Very friendly staff 🙂 The lady (Gulhan) who gives towels is very friendly and always has a smiling face. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. Great value, great facilities, all the staff are really friendly and helpful and very welcoming, the Pool is great and I especially liked the … 56. Yorum: The hotel has a nice location, the reception is very helpful, it could be better in terms of cleanliness. The reception is also helpful. The staff, without exception, were helpful, courteous, efficient and professional. Yorum: We are very satisfied with the hotel, especially the towel rental lady Gülhan Hanim was very friendly and helpful. The reception staff are very helpful and deserve praise. Miss Sofia at guest relations was especially helpful during our stay. |The staff is friendly and helpful. Yorum: A good hotel, very good services, friendly staff. Yorum: The price is very high, for the services offered The same food every day The staff is ok Italian cuisine is missing a lot 😿 3. The hotel staff is kind and attentive to the cleanliness around the pools. Yorum: I didn't like that you were treated differently compared to Russian citizens who of course were the majority in this hotel and left a mess at the hotel staff, the food was almost the same every day, the drink was not of high quality for an ultra all inclusive system, and what not I liked it the most, you were followed all the time by a hotel employee when you were drinking and eating something, otherwise everything was ok! Yorum: Beach, pool, staff ok. Yorum: Excellent conditions, kindness of the staff, superlative gastronomy. The staff was very friendly and always available if you had any questions. Yorum: The resort is wonderful and the staff here were friendly. The staff is friendly The animation events were good, we didn't go to them but watched them and we don't mind. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. Yorum: Friendly and enthusiastic staff, despite the end of the season. Honestly, I was a bit hesitant, but our room was very nice, the service was absolutely ok, I didn't feel any discrimination, there were staff constantly asking if we needed anything, even if someone saw us as we walked, they greeted us and smiled. Except for 2 people, the staff serving at the hotel do not smile. Comment: Great hotel, large spacious rooms and friendly staff. Yorum: Nice big hotel, very kind staff, delicious food, we lacked nothing. Housekeepers say there is a shortage of staff and they can't keep up. Even if you find it, it takes an hour for the staff to come to you. The staff who arrive are exhausted and sullen. There is no problem except that the staff brings out 2 glasses in 20 minutes and it is slow. First of all, the staff was generally kind and we were pleased with the kindness shown to the Turkish guests in particular. Unfortunately, the staff made a rather unmotivated impression, but that could also be at the end of the season. In addition, I noticed that the staff were more friendly to foreign tourists, while Turkish guests were often ignored. This behavior was confirmed by the staff themselves, who indicated that other Turkish families had complained about this. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. The facility and the staff are great, as is the food, which is varied and of very good quality. The evening show and the mining staff are very kind. Great value, great facilities, all the staff are really friendly and helpful and very welcoming, the Pool is great and I especially liked the … 56. The staff is friendly. As for the negatives; The number of staff could be increased, they had difficulty keeping up even if it was not busy. I would like to thank everyone in turn, from the hotel staff who received our first vehicle to the reception, from the housekeeping team to the restaurant, from the bar to the entertainment team. I didn't want to leave it without commenting on its kind and friendly staff, clean, spacious and comfortable room and delicious and varied meals. Many thanks to the hotel staff and management 💐 64. Yorum: Very kind staff - respect!!! Some of the staff are untrained, some don't clean all the plates or only on request. There were many other great people on staff. The toilets by the pool don't work, the water is always hot The cleaning staff only leave the rooms by straightening the top sheets. As we sit in the lobby drinking coffee, I have the staff turn on the lights. We really liked how friendly the staff was. nice big rooms and very friendly staff … just a bit too many kids in october .. All two weeks we relaxed body and soul, there are always free places on the beach, there is no rush in the bars, the staff of ... Even the entertainers and staff were super nice and cool!! The entertainer friends and other waiters and staff were very interested, but let me tell you that the holiday is quiet from start to finish. The shows are very good, the entertainment and the staff very kind 83. The staff were all super friendly and accommodating. Yorum: I have 3 criticisms of the hotel, regarding the staff, the rooms and the food is quite adequate and nice. The rooms were poorly cleaned and on at least two occasions the cleaning staff entered my room while my family and I were still sleeping. The check-in process was chaotic and the staff was very unprofessional. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. the front desk staff asked me to pay before leaving and was very rude about it, I said I'm not checking out yet but they insisted I paid immediately? The towel lady in the morning was nice, the only genuine member of staff there, shame… 92. The cleaning service, the nightly entertainment and above all the friendliness of all the staff was wonderful and the food was much better than most of the famous hotels we visited, I will recommend it and come back for us. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently. the meal as you know the drinks were a hit and the fun on sunday was the staff day off so the hotel is boring i don't go 95 anymore. The only negative point is the staff, not very friendly. Yorum: The use of the hotel, the width of the venue, the organization was very good The attention of the staff was very good, do not pay attention to the comments, they said that foreign staff are given more attention, but it was not like. Pro - Staff (those who work, others make promises they forget. - Lack of staff. Some waiters run around like the devil is after them, but they simply lack the wait staff. Management Tip: Stop using towel cards and let staff walk around and remove towels that aren't used for more than 2 hours. Maybe the cleaning staff has too little time to clean the rooms. At least the cleaning staff is very nice. Maybe due to understaffing and cost cutting. they are excellent and the staff provide such honest service. It was beautiful, the staff were really friendly and the all inclusive food and drink was great! The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. The staff, without exception, were helpful, courteous, efficient and professional. A beautiful hotel, stunning setting, exceptional staff and a wonderful week had by all. Comment: too few staff in the pool area. The reception staff are very helpful and deserve praise. Yorum: An excellent hotel, especially the staff is very attentive and respectful. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. The staff is terrible, sometimes they refuse simple requests, namely: calling a taxi, food in the room, etc. The staff is so unfriendly and the hotel has not answered some questions for weeks. The staff is kind and we were very satisfied with this hotel. All the staff were very attentive and the food was amazing, more chose the sports animator Ayşe, she is a very friendly person, the sport was very pleasant for us. When in doubt, they are simply pushed by both other guests and staff. The staff was polite and that is the only good point of this hotel. It's very hard to please people, and the staff knows this, so they don't know where to turn. There is nothing to say about the food, it is really good, but even after the capacity of the hotel in April, the number of working staff is low. The staff is not particularly polite, aggressive. The staff, food and facilities are very good. The dinner is not bad, the rooms are clean, in general it is a new hotel, the beach and the pools are nice, the Aquapark is very nice, but the Turks, mostly foreigners, can feel foreign :) Number of staff should increase There is a serious problem finding sunbeds by the pool However I liked it nice Hotels I stayed in sueno titanic Papillon 129. Most of the staff are very friendly. The office staff as well as the manager just claim they can do everything and are trained. Friendly staff, great facilities and perfect beach and jetty. Yorum: Very good hotel and very fun activities in the pool as well as very nice staff at the pool organizing activities. Yorum: In short, it's a wonderful hotel, the staff is friendly and warm, they help you in every way, the animation team is top notch, thank you very much to everyone, I'm glad you're loved by the baias, see you next year. One day it was full, the next it was empty and there was no water activity other than water polo and to be honest I was sick of the old nuts that were served with drinks in the evening as entertainment… and the staff were indifferent. The staff is always friendly. The hotel as a whole is apparently aimed at the European public, as there are not many Russian visitors and also not enough Russian-speaking staff. Because there is no staff. Extremely understaffed. If you ask the name of the hotel, 70% of the staff would not know it. Too bad the staff is miserable. Yorum: It was my family's first time in this hotel and I must say that the staff was very kind and very friendly. A special thanks once again to the Pusty Kids Club staff (Serenay, Pakize, Sude, Fatima, Nergiz) you were really great. Cleaning staff so unruly. Most of the restaurant staff so undisciplined. Customer Relations Leader Melike yells at the lobby bar staff in front of customers; bad and rude behavior. Very friendly staff 🙂 The lady (Gulhan) who gives towels is very friendly and always has a smiling face. In this hotel, there were few staff who spoke the language: no German and very little English, hard to understand and yet I speak 5 languages ​​myself. The towel, bar and restaurant staff were generally friendly. |The staff is friendly and helpful. Yorum: The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, the service staff is kind, it is very close to the sea and the pool is very big. The staff is very kind, especially Samet (pool service with inline skates). Yorum: A good hotel, very good services, friendly staff. Yorum: The price is very high, for the services offered The same food every day The staff is ok Italian cuisine is missing a lot 😿 3. Yorum: The food full of flies being f dangerous dirty room, the beach is not cleaned, bad service and the meal was not ultra as they say 8. Services f. The bartenders are very kind, good service. Refreshments are various and nice Waiters provide fast service. It was constantly written that there is no service for Turks, the food is bad, the meat is not available. Honestly, I was a bit hesitant, but our room was very nice, the service was absolutely ok, I didn't feel any discrimination, there were staff constantly asking if we needed anything, even if someone saw us as we walked, they greeted us and smiled. Unfortunately, the hotel fell short in terms of service. Generally, there is a service for foreign tourists. It is a nice place to relax but unfortunately the service, food and facilities were not good. The accommodation was very clean and the service good. Service was mostly slow everywhere, but everyone was smiling and I never got bad service. There is no one by the pool, you go to every place that offers services by yourself. You guessed it, there is no service there. The rooms were clean, the cleaning services pleasant. Yorum: I have been to the bathroom about 5-6 times, but this time a bit disappointed, the standards have dropped a bit, the cleanliness is not very good, dust under the beds, the restaurant is not clean, the tables are not cleaned with spray & the slow cleaning of the tables, the service... What is less pleasant are the costs or prices, for example, of a flower service in a hotel (from 80 EUR for a simple bouquet) or a visit to the doctor where every scratch is tried immediately to get the maximum of treatment costs. Despite the expensive price, I would like to thank you for the wonderful time and I would especially like to thank the following people for their great service and good friendship during your stay: Mecit Takar (an excellent young waiter with a very good sense of the guests' needs) Sercan Çelebi (also a young waiter with a good understanding of quality gastronomy) Yusuf, Murat and all the other animators of everyday positivity. You ask for service, I almost beat you. Everything was perfect, the service, facilities and variety of restaurants were incredible. The service was also top notch and friendly … 77. The service was fantastic throughout and once you tip the waiters they are very quick to ensure you are served again, although you never waited more than 3 minutes anyway. Yorum: We stayed on 24 SEPTEMBER 28 SEPTEMBER 2024, contrary to the comments, the service is good, but we can not sleep at night because of the music of the next hotel, may be the reason why we do not come, precautions must be taken, the sound does not stop before from 2am, even if we close the windows and doors, it doesn't work, and even though we asked, the torn bed linen was not changed, not befitting a 5 star hotel, anyway you get your money. The cleaning service, the nightly entertainment and above all the friendliness of all the staff was wonderful and the food was much better than most of the famous hotels we visited, I will recommend it and come back for us. It is clean, the service is very nice. Yorum: Hello, your hotel and services. they are excellent and the staff provide such honest service. The service is the worst. The room service was very bad. We were very satisfied with the service and hygiene. Rooms were very clean Plenty of perfectly seasoned food First class drinks A paradise for kids I have never experienced such friendly service 8th stay in Turkey and I can say this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and which I will definitely come back to 131. Ayşe and Zerrin and the bartenders for their services, for the friendly reception at the reception, for inviting us before the room time and for the service provided. Very good service, delicious food, wonderful vacation! high price, then I want the service for that too. But he needs more service at the bar... And still good service. The cleanliness and service in the hotel are very good and the food in the restaurant is at a very high level. Yorum: The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, the service staff is kind, it is very close to the sea and the pool is very big. The staff is very kind, especially Samet (pool service with inline skates). Update: Water sports instructor Ayse is literally pressuring everyone at the pool (regardless of whether a service was used by her or not) to give her a positive review and she stays there until you do.

Rating for Water Slides: 7.8
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 139
All results text for Water Slides: Unfortunately, the slides are no longer part of the hotel. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. The slides are weak and probably only for kids. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. To be honest all this place needs is more slides for the kids as the place next door (wings) has awesome slides. - Entertainment team - Entertainment schedule - Nice slide park for younger kids Cons - AC is a joke. The hotel area is excellent, there are many slides for children and a bar open 24 hours a day for adults. This hotel does not have big slides, but a small water park. The only thing I can rate positively is the really spacious pool area where you can swim and splash wonderfully. Very clean and the pool games are very interesting. There are pool games once a day but no one attends as it is a 50+ year old hotel. The hotel staff is kind and attentive to the cleanliness around the pools. Yorum: Beach, pool, staff ok. Very clean and the pool games are very interesting. You can do gymnastics at the pool with Ayse every morning. The hotel has a lot of swimming pools and for this reason the beach is not crowded. Yorum: Stay in early October 2024 in a double room with sea view and pool view. The food was good (pizza baked on site in an outdoor restaurant by the pool was delicious). Imported spirits available (Malibu, Black Label, Chivas, Jsmeson, Jack Daniels, Absolut and others at a similar price - bartenders make whatever drinks you want Several pools (but the water is a little cold), lots of sunbeds the beach and the pools. The sea and the pool are clean. Applying towels by the pool is nice. |1 dirty bottom of the pool|2 rooms are not cleaned very well |under the beds are thick with dust (a lot)|3 in the dining area they don't seem to use products of … 31. I especially enjoyed training in the pool with Aishe's trainers - they are real professionals, the classes were held at the highest level. Beautiful large swimming pool with plenty of sturdy sunbeds. Extra large pool(s) and space for everyone! The pool is one of the biggest pools I have ever seen. They play Turkish pop music from the 90s in the pool all day. 3 stars for the hotel's architecture, pool and garden. The four of us had booked a family home on the lake with its own terrace where you can jump right into the pool. Too bad the pool music was really loud with little variation. Good facilities like pool and beds. |The only downside was that the pool water was a bit cold, I was there at the end of September. The pools are dirty, never cleaned. There is no one by the pool, you go to every place that offers services by yourself. The sizes of the pools are sufficient. The animation team made sure we had fun at the pool. It was great fun playing pool, … 48. In the pool. Delicious food, the choice is huge..|There is also the possibility to eat everywhere outside.|Great pools|Now in season. Although the pool is big and beautiful, there are rocks and sand. It is quiet around the pool and water activities are limited. There is only one speaker, which makes it too loud on one side of the pool, while on the other side you can hardly hear anything. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. Great value, great facilities, all the staff are really friendly and helpful and very welcoming, the Pool is great and I especially liked the … 56. Having a kid-free pool is a big plus. The pool area is lovely and has a 24/7 beach bar. Ramps, lifts, sunbeds, careful steps in the pool... You can also jump into the pool from the jetty. There are very few sunbeds at the pools in relation to the number of guests - you have to sit down early in the morning. As most people relax by the pool, it was very quiet by the sea, which we thought was great. So you can spend great minutes or hours with one or more entertainers - either at the pool or in the complex. The toilets by the pool don't work, the water is always hot The cleaning staff only leave the rooms by straightening the top sheets. There is very little animation during the day, only in the pool hall. Yorum: Really great hotel - great selection of food, drinks (all branded spirits), clean rooms, great pools and amazing entertainment team. |Nice pools, great drinks.🍷 Would love to come back to the hotel. The main pool was huge and never seemed overcrowded (traveled in August). The hotel is very useful in terms of pool, food and rooms Drinks are original and can be found in almost every bar. If I have to make a single criticism of the hotel, the hotel pool was covered with sand for 4 days. 10/10 Pool outside areas as well as sunbeds and beach are also good. Bars are all around the pools and indoors are good. The restaurants around the pool area, once a good idea, help you choose a lot of pizzas made for you, absolutely wonderful. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. Very nice beach and pool, but difficult to get a sunbed around the pool without waking up at dawn. The beach is huge and full of sunbeds and there are plenty by the pool. Huge pool. Even normal games (pool tables, basketball, air hockey). - Availability of beds around the pool thanks to the use of towel cards. - Swimming pools need maintenance. The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. The pool area is amazing and kept exceptionally clean and tidy. The waiters (on blades) are extremely attentive and we rarely had to go to the pool bar alone. Comment: too few staff in the pool area. The pool area is great. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. I woke up at 7:30 in the morning to look for a place, but 50 percent of the pool was full. The pool is very dirty and old It comes directly from the sea and into the pool it is very clean except for the bathroom the plumber came and replaced the pipe. The relations with the guests are very polite and they answer all your questions, about the dirt at the pool and especially about the food. The gentlemen at the pool bar eventually explained to us how to get to the MiniDisco with hands, feet and a few scraps of English. The only thing I can rate positively is the really spacious pool area where you can swim and splash wonderfully. The dinner is not bad, the rooms are clean, in general it is a new hotel, the beach and the pools are nice, the Aquapark is very nice, but the Turks, mostly foreigners, can feel foreign :) Number of staff should increase There is a serious problem finding sunbeds by the pool However I liked it nice Hotels I stayed in sueno titanic Papillon 129. There is a Starbucks in the hotel which is great for kids, the food is almost always the same, there is almost nothing to change, no seats by the pool at 8:30 or on the beach. Yorum: It's an absolutely amazing place, great variety of food, many cocktail bars everywhere, friendly stuff, lots of things to do, kid friendly pools! Yorum: Very good hotel and very fun activities in the pool as well as very nice staff at the pool organizing activities. Yorum: If you don't throw a towel in the pool at the hotel, there are people who do that at night, we are Turks They pay us the same price. First of all, the swimming pools are very hot anyway. In Antal, it's 40 degrees, the pools are 50 degrees, no exaggeration, the sea was very wavy. I paid extra for a sea view, but the room looked out over a public pool and an empty lot with the sea in the distance. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. A waiter on skates at the main pool always went to see the same specific customers. A guest relations person came to the pool to ask guests how their stay was and seemed surprised when I pointed out certain things. |Three swimming pools. Yorum: Everything was just perfect, food, drink, pool and swimming were all very nice. Yorum: The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, the service staff is kind, it is very close to the sea and the pool is very big. There are pool games once a day but no one attends as it is a 50+ year old hotel. The staff is very kind, especially Samet (pool service with inline skates). Update: Water sports instructor Ayse is literally pressuring everyone at the pool (regardless of whether a service was used by her or not) to give her a positive review and she stays there until you do. Imported spirits available (Malibu, Black Label, Chivas, Jsmeson, Jack Daniels, Absolut and others at a similar price - bartenders make whatever drinks you want Several pools (but the water is a little cold), lots of sunbeds the beach and the pools. The descent into the water is steep, after about 10 meters the water reaches the neck of an adult. Watermelon and watermelon, a plate of olives, a plate of cheese. Hot water, door didn't close, alarm went off, etc. |The only downside was that the pool water was a bit cold, I was there at the end of September. It is quiet around the pool and water activities are limited. In another room there was no hot water and the door to the room did not close properly causing them to creak all the time. The toilets by the pool don't work, the water is always hot The cleaning staff only leave the rooms by straightening the top sheets. And at the beach, the water suddenly gets deeper. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. They have a water park Since the water flows everywhere it hurts like hell It's an auqapark with a depth of 0.25 cm but it's only the size of an ice cream section and has no seating area. even if there are events, it literally saves electricity It takes about half an hour to get there and the water that flows from the shower in the rooms flows a little more than the water with which we cleaned ourselves in front of the sea, I felt the need to comment on a hotel so that those who want to go do not make the same mistake as us. Sports games on the water! The water sports nearby were well run and varied. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. It's the second day at the hotel I even had to buy water from the restaurant, there was a queue of 50 people. The watermelon is extraordinary. The water depth is 1.40 m almost everywhere. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel, everyone was very friendly, the food and entertainment were very good, the water sports were very professional, the trainer who did the water gym was very nice, it is a facility that I can definitely recommend. Although it was a UHD hotel, I asked for water from the reception at 9:30 pm in the evening I did not find water in the hotel, they said that the bars were closed. One day it was full, the next it was empty and there was no water activity other than water polo and to be honest I was sick of the old nuts that were served with drinks in the evening as entertainment… and the staff were indifferent. I have never seen a hotel in my life where I didn't eat, drink water or walk around hungry. This hotel does not have big slides, but a small water park. For the water park you have to go outside the hotel as it is in the entrance area. Update: Water sports instructor Ayse is literally pressuring everyone at the pool (regardless of whether a service was used by her or not) to give her a positive review and she stays there until you do. The hotel has a lot of swimming pools and for this reason the beach is not crowded. Beautiful large swimming pool with plenty of sturdy sunbeds. The only issue that wasn't a problem for me was that the left side of the pier was constantly dirty and the sea was incredibly rocky when swimming in the sea, but that wasn't a big problem for me. - Swimming pools need maintenance. First of all, the swimming pools are very hot anyway. |Three swimming pools. Yorum: Everything was just perfect, food, drink, pool and swimming were all very nice. The pool area is lovely and has a 24/7 beach bar. The restaurants around the pool area, once a good idea, help you choose a lot of pizzas made for you, absolutely wonderful. The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. The pool area is amazing and kept exceptionally clean and tidy. Comment: too few staff in the pool area. The pool area is great. The only thing I can rate positively is the really spacious pool area where you can swim and splash wonderfully. Very clean and the pool games are very interesting. There are pool games once a day but no one attends as it is a 50+ year old hotel. Very clean and the pool games are very interesting. There are pool games once a day but no one attends as it is a 50+ year old hotel.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 7.3
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 93
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Yorum: A resort where everything is superlative, the people at the reception were very kind from check-in to check-out, very delicious varied food, the desserts being in the first place in terms of taste and presentation, (baklava with chocolate🥹 the best) the cleanliness of the hotel and the rooms is very good. The hotel staff is kind and attentive to the cleanliness around the pools. |Cleanliness ... The complex is very well maintained, the rooms are beautiful but the cleanliness is not satisfactory, I reported this to the reception and it was better cleaned, unfortunately, only once. Yorum: The hotel itself is good, however the cleanliness is not of a great standard. Yorum: I have been to the bathroom about 5-6 times, but this time a bit disappointed, the standards have dropped a bit, the cleanliness is not very good, dust under the beds, the restaurant is not clean, the tables are not cleaned with spray & the slow cleaning of the tables, the service... The rooms were lovely and of a high standard of cleanliness. Yorum: The hotel has a nice location, the reception is very helpful, it could be better in terms of cleanliness. - Cleanliness: the rooms are not so clean. The cleanliness of the halls and rooms leaves much to be desired. The cleanliness in the room is also terrible, I feel really bad about simply putting a towel with a coffee stain on it as new. and most importantly INTERNET PROBLEM GOES IMMEDIATELY AND DOESN'T CONNECT TO THE LINE Employees, lobby, cooks, etc are friendly, there is no problem, but I don't think it's as far-fetched, I think the cleanliness in the room is poor, but I think that there is no problem.. The cleanliness and service in the hotel are very good and the food in the restaurant is at a very high level. The rooms are spacious, clean, comfortable beds, comfortable bathrooms, clean facilities and amenities are renewed every day. We were very satisfied with the service and hygiene. In general, there is a problem of hygiene and garbage in the hotel. Room cleaning is done daily, as is the change of towels. Yorum: A resort where everything is superlative, the people at the reception were very kind from check-in to check-out, very delicious varied food, the desserts being in the first place in terms of taste and presentation, (baklava with chocolate🥹 the best) the cleanliness of the hotel and the rooms is very good. The hotel staff is kind and attentive to the cleanliness around the pools. Yorum: The food full of flies being f dangerous dirty room, the beach is not cleaned, bad service and the meal was not ultra as they say 8. |Cleanliness ... Very clean and the pool games are very interesting. Cleaning of 10. Room cleaning is also very clean and pleasant. The complex is very well maintained, the rooms are beautiful but the cleanliness is not satisfactory, I reported this to the reception and it was better cleaned, unfortunately, only once. We felt the bathroom could have been cleaner and one of the robes had a lipstick stain on it. The rooms are spacious, clean, comfortable beds, comfortable bathrooms, clean facilities and amenities are renewed every day. The sea and the pool are clean. Directly on the beach and very clean. Yorum: The hotel itself is good, however the cleanliness is not of a great standard. |1 dirty bottom of the pool|2 rooms are not cleaned very well |under the beds are thick with dust (a lot)|3 in the dining area they don't seem to use products of … 31. The rooms were very spacious and always clean. Yorum: I just came back from a 12 day stay, used to Turkey so the food at the hotel was good but often the same things… |The room was clean apart from the full shower with a dirty shower head! The hair did not clean well on the floor, … 35. There was a lady cleaning the house, she was very polite and asked if there was anything you wanted every day. The rooms are modern, but not well cleaned. A fantastic room with 2 separate bedrooms and 2 separate bathrooms, nice and clean. The accommodation was very clean and the service good. the towels smell, the rooms are dirty, they are meant to be cleaned daily, but they only make the bed and put smelly bath towels, there were hair stains in our bed all over the robes, bedding and … 41. The rooms are not cleaned, you say. The pools are dirty, never cleaned. The rooms were clean, the cleaning services pleasant. Yorum: I have been to the bathroom about 5-6 times, but this time a bit disappointed, the standards have dropped a bit, the cleanliness is not very good, dust under the beds, the restaurant is not clean, the tables are not cleaned with spray & the slow cleaning of the tables, the service... The hotel has a nice appearance and looks clean. Our room was barely cleaned and the bathroom was moldy. The sea is clean. The rooms are large, comfortable and clean. I paid so much money for this place to see these pictures, I would go to the public beach with your money, it's a shame, it's literally not cleaned, they don't come even when I tell them. The rooms were lovely and of a high standard of cleanliness. I didn't want to leave it without commenting on its kind and friendly staff, clean, spacious and comfortable room and delicious and varied meals. Air-conditioned rooms, cleaned and replenished daily. Some of the staff are untrained, some don't clean all the plates or only on request. The toilets by the pool don't work, the water is always hot The cleaning staff only leave the rooms by straightening the top sheets. Yorum: The hotel has a nice location, the reception is very helpful, it could be better in terms of cleanliness. Yorum: Really great hotel - great selection of food, drinks (all branded spirits), clean rooms, great pools and amazing entertainment team. I tell the hotel, "My room is not cleaned properly, look, the apple I put when I came in is there and it says you complained about me." Like, it's the same bathrobe from start to finish, but I complained. I arrived late on Saturday evening, I found stains in the toilet, I didn't immediately signal that it was late, the cleaners came on Sunday but didn't clean the stains! On Monday they cleaned the room, but did not leave towels.. next day money disappeared from room, reported to front desk, said cleaners must have thought i left it as a tip, said they would look into it, tried to talk to management every day for 3 days, but they didn't want to know. The beds were made and the sink cleaned, but that was all... The rooms were poorly cleaned and on at least two occasions the cleaning staff entered my room while my family and I were still sleeping. even if there are events, it literally saves electricity It takes about half an hour to get there and the water that flows from the shower in the rooms flows a little more than the water with which we cleaned ourselves in front of the sea, I felt the need to comment on a hotel so that those who want to go do not make the same mistake as us. The beach and the whole area are very clean and well maintained. cleaners didn't clean it was pure filth see pictures Towels wow don't get me started! The cleaning service, the nightly entertainment and above all the friendliness of all the staff was wonderful and the food was much better than most of the famous hotels we visited, I will recommend it and come back for us. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently. It is clean, the service is very nice. He was like a cleaning ninja in silence! It is difficult to get a clean table. - Cleanliness: the rooms are not so clean. Maybe the cleaning staff has too little time to clean the rooms. At least the cleaning staff is very nice. The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. Yorum: This is our second visit to the hotel, this time with our 4 year old child I was so unhappy that I don't know where to start cleaning the room and it was not good the tables were a complete mess, can you wait long queues to get your food The waiters are not very attentive anyway, I think there are only a few employees, because it is so hot You are in a thermal hotel, if you want to buy Starbucks coffee, you have to queue every day. The hotel is beautiful, modern and spotlessly clean, including the room and public areas. The pool area is amazing and kept exceptionally clean and tidy. The hotel is clean and very nice would come again and again 107. The rooms are big and very clean. Anyway, the sincerity of some people needs to be reconsidered, otherwise everything was superb, the cleaning lady was super nice, every evening there was quite an interesting activity with the singers, etc. The pool is very dirty and old It comes directly from the sea and into the pool it is very clean except for the bathroom the plumber came and replaced the pipe. The cleanliness of the halls and rooms leaves much to be desired. The dinner is not bad, the rooms are clean, in general it is a new hotel, the beach and the pools are nice, the Aquapark is very nice, but the Turks, mostly foreigners, can feel foreign :) Number of staff should increase There is a serious problem finding sunbeds by the pool However I liked it nice Hotels I stayed in sueno titanic Papillon 129. Comment: The hotel was very clean and located very close to the airport. Rooms were very clean Plenty of perfectly seasoned food First class drinks A paradise for kids I have never experienced such friendly service 8th stay in Turkey and I can say this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and which I will definitely come back to 131. Yorum: The rooms are good, but the bathroom is not so clean 132. The spaces are clean and well maintained. The cleanliness in the room is also terrible, I feel really bad about simply putting a towel with a coffee stain on it as new. and most importantly INTERNET PROBLEM GOES IMMEDIATELY AND DOESN'T CONNECT TO THE LINE Employees, lobby, cooks, etc are friendly, there is no problem, but I don't think it's as far-fetched, I think the cleanliness in the room is poor, but I think that there is no problem.. Yorum: We stayed today, we are 4 people with our 2 children, they gave us a family room, we thank them very much, the food is delicious, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nice and clean, the employees are friendly, it is a very nice hotel with everything, it was a nice vacation for us 🙏 148. I wish I could call it a forgotten room, not really clean Dead insect in it, no son ever entered it, a room not even comfortable for three people, no balcony, no sofa because they mate a bad for my son 😠 I ask to change it, they told me that it is only possible to change it and if you pay extra. Cleaning staff so unruly. The cleanliness and service in the hotel are very good and the food in the restaurant is at a very high level. It is clean with a mixture of sand and small stones.

Rating for Beach: 7.6
Total number of comments for Beach: 87
All results text for Beach: Comment: Close to the city center but with a beautiful private beach 5. Yorum: Beach, pool, staff ok. Yorum: The food full of flies being f dangerous dirty room, the beach is not cleaned, bad service and the meal was not ultra as they say 8. good accommodation, own beach well laid out, with fine sand and some fine gravel. Excellent beach, easy access to the sea, enough sunbeds. The hotel has a lot of swimming pools and for this reason the beach is not crowded. As they say in the family, they are weird, angry, one person with his nasty, rude and indifferent behavior is a girl named Nulva at the beach bar. Imported spirits available (Malibu, Black Label, Chivas, Jsmeson, Jack Daniels, Absolut and others at a similar price - bartenders make whatever drinks you want Several pools (but the water is a little cold), lots of sunbeds the beach and the pools. Large beach, with sand and gravel. The best place is the beach bar where you will find the best team of smiling waitresses and waiters and excellent cocktails. Then the beach was also wonderful. Directly on the beach and very clean. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, close to the shopping area and of course a great location by the sea with a good beach. The beach is not that great and the umbrellas to be exact are the worst I've had in Turkey. The location is excellent, right on the beach. But not only music is good on the beach. Yorum: It's an absolutely terrible hotel, ultra all inclusive, you know, you cook yourself and wait in line I chose a family room so that everyone is together and privileged, as you know, it's a public beach where they fight with camels. I paid so much money for this place to see these pictures, I would go to the public beach with your money, it's a shame, it's literally not cleaned, they don't come even when I tell them. Yorum: Nice hotel with its own section of beach. The pool area is lovely and has a 24/7 beach bar. Sandy beach with sunbeds. All two weeks we relaxed body and soul, there are always free places on the beach, there is no rush in the bars, the staff of ... 10/10 Pool outside areas as well as sunbeds and beach are also good. And at the beach, the water suddenly gets deeper. The beach and the whole area are very clean and well maintained. Very nice beach and pool, but difficult to get a sunbed around the pool without waking up at dawn. The beach is huge and full of sunbeds and there are plenty by the pool. A short walk to the beach leads to a nice jetty with several sunbeds and access to swim in the sea. The beach with fine sand, as described in the hotel description, is only good at the beginning and becomes coarser and more pebbly towards the sea. The dinner is not bad, the rooms are clean, in general it is a new hotel, the beach and the pools are nice, the Aquapark is very nice, but the Turks, mostly foreigners, can feel foreign :) Number of staff should increase There is a serious problem finding sunbeds by the pool However I liked it nice Hotels I stayed in sueno titanic Papillon 129. Yorum: The rooms are too small and already need renovation, the beach is not very good because the entrance to the sea is not gradual but immediately steep. There is a Starbucks in the hotel which is great for kids, the food is almost always the same, there is almost nothing to change, no seats by the pool at 8:30 or on the beach. Friendly staff, great facilities and perfect beach and jetty. While it's really hot in the beach part of the 7th disco, I think I'm going to have fun, but the smell of sweat and my nice clothes are ruined while I'm sweating. These pillows are cool|The bar is very cool, the best bar is by the beach. The port on the beach closes at 19:00, so you can't enjoy the sunset. I suggest you go for the hotel near Liberty Lara, which I stayed at last year, which has much better events and open beach port. The beach has sunbeds. The internet connection was not very good, especially at the beach and aquapark. good accommodation, own beach well laid out, with fine sand and some fine gravel. Large beach, with sand and gravel. Although the pool is big and beautiful, there are rocks and sand. Sandy beach with sunbeds. If I have to make a single criticism of the hotel, the hotel pool was covered with sand for 4 days. It was incredible that it wasn't vacuumed even for a single day (it was still sand when we entered at 6 in the morning). The beach with fine sand, as described in the hotel description, is only good at the beginning and becomes coarser and more pebbly towards the sea. It is clean with a mixture of sand and small stones. While I was dreaming of a popcorn stand or popcorn for ice cream, I don't know, pancakes on a plate, it wasn't there or there weren't waiters serving while sunbathing.. A bit noisy in the evening for the "sea view" rooms, but until around 11pm. Excellent beach, easy access to the sea, enough sunbeds. And the food is beyond praise, good and varied, lots of seafood. Yorum: Stay in early October 2024 in a double room with sea view and pool view. The sea and the pool are clean. Yorum: Friendly and enthusiastic staff, despite the end of the season. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, close to the shopping area and of course a great location by the sea with a good beach. Entertainment Sea Lounge a fost ok. The hotel does not have a lobby concept, there is only a common area and everyone is crammed in there, you can't find a seat. The sea side is normal as it should be. Yorum: Nice room with sea view. Delicious food, the choice is huge..|There is also the possibility to eat everywhere outside.|Great pools|Now in season. After inquiring a week in advance about a room with a sea view, the tour operator did not respond. Unfortunately, the staff made a rather unmotivated impression, but that could also be at the end of the season. The sea is clean. An area of ​​shade should be created while walking from the hotel to the sea. The only issue that wasn't a problem for me was that the left side of the pier was constantly dirty and the sea was incredibly rocky when swimming in the sea, but that wasn't a big problem for me. The facility is quite basic and less than compelling, but the bar by the sea is very open, comfortable and invites you to linger. As most people relax by the pool, it was very quiet by the sea, which we thought was great. The snack bar which is close to the sea is also great and has everything your heart desires from meat to salads so we didn't go to the main restaurant once for lunch. Sometimes the waiters go back and forth and don't take plates (especially in the snack bar by the sea - not the bar!). Yorum: Overall a nice hotel, the sea view rooms are nice but the bathroom for the size of the room is a bit disappointing. Evening restaurant not sure first of all better to be seated rather than find a seat that hasn't been released it's buffet too but plenty of choice and breakfast with nice food for me it's a big deal because apart from fried egg and beans you'll have" I can't find your traditional breakfast but you can buy with scrambled eggs or danish etc. They have a water park Since the water flows everywhere it hurts like hell It's an auqapark with a depth of 0.25 cm but it's only the size of an ice cream section and has no seating area. even if there are events, it literally saves electricity It takes about half an hour to get there and the water that flows from the shower in the rooms flows a little more than the water with which we cleaned ourselves in front of the sea, I felt the need to comment on a hotel so that those who want to go do not make the same mistake as us. A short walk to the beach leads to a nice jetty with several sunbeds and access to swim in the sea. I would like to thank my brother Vedat for his interest in sea lounge bar is not bad either, it is a hotel that I will recommend for children and families. The pool is very dirty and old It comes directly from the sea and into the pool it is very clean except for the bathroom the plumber came and replaced the pipe. The beach with fine sand, as described in the hotel description, is only good at the beginning and becomes coarser and more pebbly towards the sea. Yorum: Nice hotel, just a shame you have to take out the towels at 6:45 in high season! The performance hotel at the price that will always be preferred, except for the sea. Rooms were very clean Plenty of perfectly seasoned food First class drinks A paradise for kids I have never experienced such friendly service 8th stay in Turkey and I can say this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and which I will definitely come back to 131. Yorum: The rooms are too small and already need renovation, the beach is not very good because the entrance to the sea is not gradual but immediately steep. There is a Starbucks in the hotel which is great for kids, the food is almost always the same, there is almost nothing to change, no seats by the pool at 8:30 or on the beach. You can eat inside but have lunch by the seafront, there is a grill bar with great food. In Antal, it's 40 degrees, the pools are 50 degrees, no exaggeration, the sea was very wavy. I paid extra for a sea view, but the room looked out over a public pool and an empty lot with the sea in the distance. |The sea is near. Yorum: The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, the service staff is kind, it is very close to the sea and the pool is very big.

Rating for Transportation Options: 8.2
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 85
All results text for Transportation Options: There is a public transport bus stop and convenient to get to Kaleici (old part of Antalya) or the mall. There is a public transport bus stop and convenient to get to Kaleici (old part of Antalya) or the mall. Very close to the airport, I got there by taxi in 25 minutes. Nice shops in the area that you can visit on foot or easily take a taxi too. The staff is terrible, sometimes they refuse simple requests, namely: calling a taxi, food in the room, etc. Very close to the airport, I got there by taxi in 25 minutes. The location is excellent, very close to the airport. The journey from the airport is relatively relaxed, but the options outside are quite limited compared to Side. Being close to the airport is a big plus. Yorum: Located about 20 minutes from the airport, this "Super All-Inclusive" hotel boasts some amazing views (Suer all-inclusive basically means it's all branded drinks). Comment: The hotel was very clean and located very close to the airport. It is close to the airport. As for the negatives; The number of staff could be increased, they had difficulty keeping up even if it was not busy. You realize that ultimately every business is about maximizing profits. Lifts are highly anticipated during busy periods. The waiters in the restaurant, which resembles a completely overcrowded railway station, are hopelessly overwhelmed by the number of guests and have to run from one table to another, but they are still as friendly as possible in the hustle and bustle. There is a public transport bus stop and convenient to get to Kaleici (old part of Antalya) or the mall. Even for public bus information, it was poor. It is possible to go to Antalya by public bus. Allow at least 1 hour of travel on bus LC07 and up to 1h30 on bus number LC07A. I especially enjoyed training in the pool with Aishe's trainers - they are real professionals, the classes were held at the highest level. Some of the staff are untrained, some don't clean all the plates or only on request. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel, everyone was very friendly, the food and entertainment were very good, the water sports were very professional, the trainer who did the water gym was very nice, it is a facility that I can definitely recommend. The office staff as well as the manager just claim they can do everything and are trained. The venue is actually a parking lot on the other side of the hotel. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, close to the shopping area and of course a great location by the sea with a good beach. Yorum: The hotel is in a good location, very luxurious. The location is excellent, very close to the airport. The location is excellent, right on the beach. Yorum: The hotel has a nice location, the reception is very helpful, it could be better in terms of cleanliness. Yorum: Very nice pilates lesson by teacher Ayşe, very friendly good location in the hotel...fitness center also in order.. The location was great, shops right outside on the street. Snack and lunch are at the same time, there is no distance between them and you are not required to wear a bikini at lunch, it is not allowed inside, you have to wear a t-shirt and shorts, I think it is very unnecessary. I paid extra for a sea view, but the room looked out over a public pool and an empty lot with the sea in the distance. The hotel complex is not exceptionally large, but with children this is not necessary as it saves you from having to walk long distances. Take a look at other nearby hotels and learn. The water sports nearby were well run and varied. |1 dirty bottom of the pool|2 rooms are not cleaned very well |under the beds are thick with dust (a lot)|3 in the dining area they don't seem to use products of … 31. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, close to the shopping area and of course a great location by the sea with a good beach. Nice shops in the area that you can visit on foot or easily take a taxi too. The hotel does not have a lobby concept, there is only a common area and everyone is crammed in there, you can't find a seat. The food in the restaurant which is outside the outside dining areas at lunchtime was disgraceful, I ate the rest of the food. An area of ​​shade should be created while walking from the hotel to the sea. The pool area is lovely and has a 24/7 beach bar. The night programs are poor and insufficient compared to the level of Lara's amphitheater performance area). 10/10 Pool outside areas as well as sunbeds and beach are also good. The restaurants around the pool area, once a good idea, help you choose a lot of pizzas made for you, absolutely wonderful. They have a water park Since the water flows everywhere it hurts like hell It's an auqapark with a depth of 0.25 cm but it's only the size of an ice cream section and has no seating area. The beach and the whole area are very clean and well maintained. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently. Outside areas, rooms, bar/restaurant areas too. The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. I recommend with confidence to anyone who wants to go on vacation in the Antalya area! The hotel is beautiful, modern and spotlessly clean, including the room and public areas. The pool area is amazing and kept exceptionally clean and tidy. Comment: too few staff in the pool area. The pool area is great. Great area. The hotel area is excellent, there are many slides for children and a bar open 24 hours a day for adults. The only thing I can rate positively is the really spacious pool area where you can swim and splash wonderfully. We would like to especially thank Eda from the hotel's spa area, who gave us lots of health tips. Yorum: An excellent hotel with a nice area and an optimal size. For the water park you have to go outside the hotel as it is in the entrance area. Yorum: A resort where everything is superlative, the people at the reception were very kind from check-in to check-out, very delicious varied food, the desserts being in the first place in terms of taste and presentation, (baklava with chocolate🥹 the best) the cleanliness of the hotel and the rooms is very good. The best place is the beach bar where you will find the best team of smiling waitresses and waiters and excellent cocktails. It is a nice place to relax but unfortunately the service, food and facilities were not good. There is no one by the pool, you go to every place that offers services by yourself. There is a place called a snack bar, but the products are ridiculous and have fork marks on them. What a family place these are. I paid so much money for this place to see these pictures, I would go to the public beach with your money, it's a shame, it's literally not cleaned, they don't come even when I tell them. Yorum: A super nice place to spend your vacation with family or friends. All two weeks we relaxed body and soul, there are always free places on the beach, there is no rush in the bars, the staff of ... Yorum: A great place, but quite crowded. The whole place was flawless! To be honest all this place needs is more slides for the kids as the place next door (wings) has awesome slides. The sleepless nights made us want to leave this place as soon as possible. Yorum: This is a very bad place. I woke up at 7:30 in the morning to look for a place, but 50 percent of the pool was full. If you wake up at 9-10, it's impossible to find a place. The pool is very dirty and old It comes directly from the sea and into the pool it is very clean except for the bathroom the plumber came and replaced the pipe. You have to find the processes, the places and the ways in which you can find something yourself. Yorum: It's an absolutely amazing place, great variety of food, many cocktail bars everywhere, friendly stuff, lots of things to do, kid friendly pools! I highly recommend this place. Yorum: NOT A PLACE FOR TEENAGERS WHO WANT TO HAVE FUN!!

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 8.4
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 83
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: The facility is very family friendly. As they say in the family, they are weird, angry, one person with his nasty, rude and indifferent behavior is a girl named Nulva at the beach bar. Yorum: I stayed with my family at the end of August for 10 days, I had a great vacation. Yorum: We visited this hotel in September 2024 as a family with a 13-year-old child, we are experienced tourists, we have something to compare with, so it will be a detailed and specific review.||Transfer, meeting and reception: The hotel is located in … 29. The four of us had booked a family home on the lake with its own terrace where you can jump right into the pool. As a family we have been used to different hotels in Antalya for years, but Hotel Baia was a big disappointment. Yorum: The hotel is very good, I was here 6 years ago, now I'm back with my family. Yorum: This is the second year we come here as a family, we love this hotel. Yorum: It's an absolutely terrible hotel, ultra all inclusive, you know, you cook yourself and wait in line I chose a family room so that everyone is together and privileged, as you know, it's a public beach where they fight with camels. What a family place these are. The hotel is a complete family hotel and friendly for people with disabilities. Yorum: They helped us spend our family vacation in the most pleasant way, without any inconvenience. Yorum: A super nice place to spend your vacation with family or friends. 100% recommended for an exceptional vacation with family and friends!! The rooms were poorly cleaned and on at least two occasions the cleaning staff entered my room while my family and I were still sleeping. Yorum: We are on a family vacation for the second year in a row and it's great. - Separation doors in the family room cannot be locked. Berlin Germania Family 102. We can say that it is a mediocre family hotel with children. Yorum: I just arrived a few hours ago with my family and it's terrible. As a family of 5 we weren't allowed into one pavilion but had to book two and split up. Yorum: Being in a wonderful mood, our family of 10 people, 6 of them children, arrived at the hotel, we were met at the reception by a girl who did not speak Russian, we asked in Turkish (as far as we know) to tell us the amount of the surcharge for a … 138. Very family friendly. Yorum: We stayed today, we are 4 people with our 2 children, they gave us a family room, we thank them very much, the food is delicious, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nice and clean, the employees are friendly, it is a very nice hotel with everything, it was a nice vacation for us 🙏 148. Yorum: Nice and family-friendly hotel, the food is very varied. We recommend the all inclusive option to any family. We are here for 9 days and 8 nights, price paid for a family of 5 from Switzerland. Yorum: New update: Our whole family got severe food poisoning from lunch. 8 days family vacation. Yorum: It was my family's first time in this hotel and I must say that the staff was very kind and very friendly. Yorum: Let me tell you, it is the best hotel but something is missing Even though we are a tribal family, you are the hotel we are satisfied with every year but every family member has the same opinion in the HOTEL is missing so be it , Halay, one day we miss Turkish songs. Yorum: I am with my family. There is lots to do for kids, the kids club is great. The kids loved the holiday though, so they get a lot of things right. They say it's kid friendly, but there's nothing about kids. The animations and activities in the kids club were especially fun. The slides are weak and probably only for kids. Yorum: Grozav 🤩 |The hotel is great, well located.|For families with children it is great 🌟this is the first time I left my daughter at a kids club and she loved it. nice big rooms and very friendly staff … just a bit too many kids in october .. Special thanks to the little boy and all the lovely girls in the kids club who do amazing activities for little people all day. To be honest all this place needs is more slides for the kids as the place next door (wings) has awesome slides. - Entertainment team - Entertainment schedule - Nice slide park for younger kids Cons - AC is a joke. My kids got food poisoning from food that happens every day! Other than that, I think there are not enough activities for kids, which I attribute to the fact that the weather is still a bit chilly, but the activities at the hotel next door didn't end from morning to night. Rooms were very clean Plenty of perfectly seasoned food First class drinks A paradise for kids I have never experienced such friendly service 8th stay in Turkey and I can say this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and which I will definitely come back to 131. There is a Starbucks in the hotel which is great for kids, the food is almost always the same, there is almost nothing to change, no seats by the pool at 8:30 or on the beach. A special thanks once again to the Pusty Kids Club staff (Serenay, Pakize, Sude, Fatima, Nergiz) you were really great. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. As for the Kids Club, I advise against pinning your hopes on it. Perfect for over 50s, boring for kids and not a hotel for teenagers. There is lots to do for kids, the kids club is great. The animations and activities in the kids club were especially fun. Yorum: Grozav 🤩 |The hotel is great, well located.|For families with children it is great 🌟this is the first time I left my daughter at a kids club and she loved it. Special thanks to the little boy and all the lovely girls in the kids club who do amazing activities for little people all day. A special thanks once again to the Pusty Kids Club staff (Serenay, Pakize, Sude, Fatima, Nergiz) you were really great. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. As for the Kids Club, I advise against pinning your hopes on it. Ideal for families with children and the third age. This time with our children. They have a lot of toys to entertain the children, they do daily activities like painting … 27. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. Yorum: Grozav 🤩 |The hotel is great, well located.|For families with children it is great 🌟this is the first time I left my daughter at a kids club and she loved it. Yorum: We made a reservation for 2 adults and 2 children in a standard room and stayed at the hotel today. It is standard for families who will come to this hotel with 2 children. Entertainment for both adults and children was also very poor. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. Not so comfortable if you want to sleep or have children who need to sleep. We can say that it is a mediocre family hotel with children. Yorum: I stayed at Baia Lara for a week this April with my partner and my two children (20 and 14). I would like to thank my brother Vedat for his interest in sea lounge bar is not bad either, it is a hotel that I will recommend for children and families. The hotel area is excellent, there are many slides for children and a bar open 24 hours a day for adults. Little attention is given to small children. The lighting of the children's playground is very poor, it is literally pitch black, think it is unusable when it gets dark. The entertainment for children ends at 9:30 and the mini club is not open in the evening. Yorum: Being in a wonderful mood, our family of 10 people, 6 of them children, arrived at the hotel, we were met at the reception by a girl who did not speak Russian, we asked in Turkish (as far as we know) to tell us the amount of the surcharge for a … 138. I recommend everyone to give this hotel a wide berth, the evening program is zero, take that from other hotels, for example, the children's entertainment is zero, take an example. Yorum: We stayed today, we are 4 people with our 2 children, they gave us a family room, we thank them very much, the food is delicious, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nice and clean, the employees are friendly, it is a very nice hotel with everything, it was a nice vacation for us 🙏 148. Yorum: It is a very good hotel for families with children. The hotel complex is not exceptionally large, but with children this is not necessary as it saves you from having to walk long distances. Unfortunately, the latter is remote and you have to go inside to access it, which is not practical for families with children. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. You need to buy a round-trip card for 3 euros for an adult, free for children. There is very little there for children.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 7.5
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 59
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: The facility is very family friendly. As they say in the family, they are weird, angry, one person with his nasty, rude and indifferent behavior is a girl named Nulva at the beach bar. Yorum: I stayed with my family at the end of August for 10 days, I had a great vacation. Yorum: We visited this hotel in September 2024 as a family with a 13-year-old child, we are experienced tourists, we have something to compare with, so it will be a detailed and specific review.||Transfer, meeting and reception: The hotel is located in … 29. The four of us had booked a family home on the lake with its own terrace where you can jump right into the pool. As a family we have been used to different hotels in Antalya for years, but Hotel Baia was a big disappointment. Yorum: The hotel is very good, I was here 6 years ago, now I'm back with my family. Yorum: This is the second year we come here as a family, we love this hotel. Yorum: It's an absolutely terrible hotel, ultra all inclusive, you know, you cook yourself and wait in line I chose a family room so that everyone is together and privileged, as you know, it's a public beach where they fight with camels. What a family place these are. The hotel is a complete family hotel and friendly for people with disabilities. Yorum: They helped us spend our family vacation in the most pleasant way, without any inconvenience. Yorum: A super nice place to spend your vacation with family or friends. 100% recommended for an exceptional vacation with family and friends!! The rooms were poorly cleaned and on at least two occasions the cleaning staff entered my room while my family and I were still sleeping. Yorum: We are on a family vacation for the second year in a row and it's great. - Separation doors in the family room cannot be locked. Berlin Germania Family 102. We can say that it is a mediocre family hotel with children. Yorum: I just arrived a few hours ago with my family and it's terrible. As a family of 5 we weren't allowed into one pavilion but had to book two and split up. Yorum: Being in a wonderful mood, our family of 10 people, 6 of them children, arrived at the hotel, we were met at the reception by a girl who did not speak Russian, we asked in Turkish (as far as we know) to tell us the amount of the surcharge for a … 138. Very family friendly. Yorum: We stayed today, we are 4 people with our 2 children, they gave us a family room, we thank them very much, the food is delicious, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nice and clean, the employees are friendly, it is a very nice hotel with everything, it was a nice vacation for us 🙏 148. Yorum: Nice and family-friendly hotel, the food is very varied. We recommend the all inclusive option to any family. We are here for 9 days and 8 nights, price paid for a family of 5 from Switzerland. Yorum: New update: Our whole family got severe food poisoning from lunch. 8 days family vacation. Yorum: It was my family's first time in this hotel and I must say that the staff was very kind and very friendly. Yorum: Let me tell you, it is the best hotel but something is missing Even though we are a tribal family, you are the hotel we are satisfied with every year but every family member has the same opinion in the HOTEL is missing so be it , Halay, one day we miss Turkish songs. Yorum: I am with my family. Even my baby's dirty sheets were not changed There is no general lighting in the hotel. Ideal for families with children and the third age. This time with our children. They have a lot of toys to entertain the children, they do daily activities like painting … 27. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. Yorum: Grozav 🤩 |The hotel is great, well located.|For families with children it is great 🌟this is the first time I left my daughter at a kids club and she loved it. Yorum: We made a reservation for 2 adults and 2 children in a standard room and stayed at the hotel today. It is standard for families who will come to this hotel with 2 children. Entertainment for both adults and children was also very poor. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. Not so comfortable if you want to sleep or have children who need to sleep. We can say that it is a mediocre family hotel with children. Yorum: I stayed at Baia Lara for a week this April with my partner and my two children (20 and 14). I would like to thank my brother Vedat for his interest in sea lounge bar is not bad either, it is a hotel that I will recommend for children and families. The hotel area is excellent, there are many slides for children and a bar open 24 hours a day for adults. Little attention is given to small children. The lighting of the children's playground is very poor, it is literally pitch black, think it is unusable when it gets dark. The entertainment for children ends at 9:30 and the mini club is not open in the evening. Yorum: Being in a wonderful mood, our family of 10 people, 6 of them children, arrived at the hotel, we were met at the reception by a girl who did not speak Russian, we asked in Turkish (as far as we know) to tell us the amount of the surcharge for a … 138. I recommend everyone to give this hotel a wide berth, the evening program is zero, take that from other hotels, for example, the children's entertainment is zero, take an example. Yorum: We stayed today, we are 4 people with our 2 children, they gave us a family room, we thank them very much, the food is delicious, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nice and clean, the employees are friendly, it is a very nice hotel with everything, it was a nice vacation for us 🙏 148. Yorum: It is a very good hotel for families with children. The hotel complex is not exceptionally large, but with children this is not necessary as it saves you from having to walk long distances. Unfortunately, the latter is remote and you have to go inside to access it, which is not practical for families with children. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. You need to buy a round-trip card for 3 euros for an adult, free for children. There is very little there for children.

Rating for Party Experience: 6.8
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 21
All results text for Party Experience: The hotel plays very good Turkish music and that's how it is, after all we are in Turkey. I also liked that the music wasn't too loud. They play Turkish pop music from the 90s in the pool all day. Too bad the pool music was really loud with little variation. From 10:00 to 12:00 the music was very sad. Suha, from the animation department, for his kindness and courtesy, because he put a lot of effort into the music, helped us and confirmed us while we were trying to get to the DJ. In terms of music, there may be a little more variety. The music is old and repeated every day; especially Turkish hits from the 90s. But not only music is good on the beach. Yorum: We stayed on 24 SEPTEMBER 28 SEPTEMBER 2024, contrary to the comments, the service is good, but we can not sleep at night because of the music of the next hotel, may be the reason why we do not come, precautions must be taken, the sound does not stop before from 2am, even if we close the windows and doors, it doesn't work, and even though we asked, the torn bed linen was not changed, not befitting a 5 star hotel, anyway you get your money. - There is a lot of loud noise (music, shouting) from other hotels until 2.30am. Terribly bad noise insulation, I heard my neighbors having sex, my money was stolen, the hotel has very bad music, only turkish music can be heard, it is not comfortable. And the music, which is way too loud, doesn't end at 10 or 11 pm, which would be perfectly acceptable, no, it ends at 1 am at the earliest!!!! And my comments; If you come with your child, there will be no sound of music in the room. The only downside was that the hotel next door had the music so loud you could hear it more than the baia lara music and it also went on until around 1am. It was always foreign music and things aimed at foreigners, it wasn't Turkish or native music. Especially Turkish music. Suha, from the animation department, for his kindness and courtesy, because he put a lot of effort into the music, helped us and confirmed us while we were trying to get to the DJ. Comment: Hotel Baialara offers various very fun activities. The entertainment events were very good, did not disturb the non-participants and were fun activities. Yorum: Very good hotel and very fun activities in the pool as well as very nice staff at the pool organizing activities.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 6.3
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 14
All results text for Spa and Wellness: Yorum: SPA La Stone is an absolute catastrophe to treat customers like this, without trust and easy immediate processing of a guest If you hadn't booked the same massage you wouldn't even know what's in the package. Advise everyone not to take photos of the SPA and buy items from there. We would like to especially thank Eda from the hotel's spa area, who gave us lots of health tips. The only downside is the frequent insistence on full (expensive) wellness packages. On the massage side: he asked me 300€ for a massage? We had a massage at the spa, a special dedication to Semra who has magical hands. Yorum: SPA La Stone is an absolute catastrophe to treat customers like this, without trust and easy immediate processing of a guest If you hadn't booked the same massage you wouldn't even know what's in the package. The 10th massage was very expensive, it was nice and efficient but I think it was a constant sales pitch, the massage said and the one given were different. Comment: Good hotel for 10 days of ideal relaxation. What is less pleasant are the costs or prices, for example, of a flower service in a hotel (from 80 EUR for a simple bouquet) or a visit to the doctor where every scratch is tried immediately to get the maximum of treatment costs. What was also apparent was that I could clearly see the difference in treatment between those who tipped and those who did not. Better health. We would like to especially thank Eda from the hotel's spa area, who gave us lots of health tips. Yorum: This is our second visit to the hotel, this time with our 4 year old child I was so unhappy that I don't know where to start cleaning the room and it was not good the tables were a complete mess, can you wait long queues to get your food The waiters are not very attentive anyway, I think there are only a few employees, because it is so hot You are in a thermal hotel, if you want to buy Starbucks coffee, you have to queue every day.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 8.6
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 7
All results text for Sports Facilities: Yorum: Very nice pilates lesson by teacher Ayşe, very friendly good location in the hotel...fitness center also in order.. You can do gymnastics at the pool with Ayse every morning. Every morning there is an aquagym provided by Ayse. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel, everyone was very friendly, the food and entertainment were very good, the water sports were very professional, the trainer who did the water gym was very nice, it is a facility that I can definitely recommend. Even normal games (pool tables, basketball, air hockey). The only downside is the frequent insistence on full (expensive) wellness packages.

Rating for Special Menu: 7.8
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 7
All results text for Special Menu: €10 euro per hour for late payment Food has been considered vegetarian unless you want pizza chips and salad for lunch and dinner, no variations. The meals are good, the snacks are varied and excellent, but the dinner buffet is too repetitive, it is noted as a themed buffet but really limited. Breakfast and meals were delicious and varied. The meals never changed for 5 days. Like hot meals, they should also be served in covered containers to prevent problems like hair, flies, etc. I didn't want to leave it without commenting on its kind and friendly staff, clean, spacious and comfortable room and delicious and varied meals. One person serves 26 meals.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 4.6
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 4
All results text for Children's Pool Area: Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. Yorum: Nice and family-friendly hotel, the food is very varied.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 8.4
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 3
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: |The decor of the hotel is great for couples. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently. Comment: Good hotel for 10 days of ideal relaxation.

Rating for Honeymoon: 6.7
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 3
All results text for Honeymoon: Yorum: Visited September 2023 for 10 days for honeymoon. Comment: Close to the city center but with a beautiful private beach 5. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 8.7
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: the towels smell, the rooms are dirty, they are meant to be cleaned daily, but they only make the bed and put smelly bath towels, there were hair stains in our bed all over the robes, bedding and … 41. Comment: Good hotel for 10 days of ideal relaxation.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 10.0
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 2
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: Overall, it's a nice hotel, but we think it could be better, especially if the evening shows are rushed. The entertainment was always pretty good, from dance performances to live bands.

