Hotel Name: Delphin Be Grand Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Diving', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 8.7
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 107
All results text for Service Quality: Yorum: The best, everything is very clean, the staff is super friendly. We are very satisfied with the varied restaurant, attentive staff, clean swimming pools. Very good buffet, well-maintained room, the hotel is super clean despite some tourists who leave everything lying around, the maintenance and catering staff do a great job. The staff are very kind and helpful. Finally, the service is deplorable and mediocre, staff not smiling, not competent, just unpleasant. But the worst thing is the lack of politeness and kindness of some of the staff. From the room staff to the waiters, everything was perfect. all included in the price, I'm not even talking about the succulent meals, I've never tasted so many good meals in such a short time, you won't be hungry, snacks complete the whole thing every 100 meters I would say, thank you to all the staff for their kindness, their speed in serving us on Rollers around the pool and their politeness. The staff is super friendly, the service is incredible as soon as our worm is empty they rush to give us another one. Very attentive staff, very varied buffet with tasty dishes. I will still end my comment on a positive note, by thanking all the staff for their friendliness, kindness and helpfulness. The incredible staff of real ants who work in all directions to satisfy the customer. Staff try as much as possible to be attentive. Everywhere it screams, it resonates in the corridors, the floors, the dining rooms where the staff never stops breaking dishes by wanting to go too fast, they are not waiters, they are athletes, they run non-stop. The hotel staff at the reception are very friendly, welcoming and helpful! The main restaurant staff were working hard but there weren't enough staff for all the people there (most of the time we served ourselves). Bad staff service! I would like to highlight the improvement of services and the quality of the serving staff. The staff is particularly pleasant, the quality of the meals is clearly improving, and the hotel's services are complete. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for and wanting to have a luxury vacation (service, staff, food, endless). Otherwise, the staff are friendly and smiling and the food is good! there was a day of rain and we were flooded when we returned to the room, the drain on the balcony was blocked and there was an infiltration at ceiling level, apparently for the infiltration it was "normal" according to the staff. Very good meal and very pleasant staff 43. The staff was very nice (ultra nice Talar Alkasi) who always tried to get us a table for six, he took care of us during the stay, thank you to him. the staff is super nice and always attentive to vacationers, quality/price is the best, and these food buffets are magnificent, everything is done for our well-being, and above all to come back every year, bravo, class 🤗 … 45. For some comments on the lack of courtesy of the staff, the formula "ALL INCLUSIVE" does not mean that we have the right to behave like pigs. Respect for staff is also a must in Türkiye. Yorum: The service and staff are really nice and very funny everything was clean. too many people for not enough staff... Yorum: An excellent stay, nothing to say, top-notch staff, highly recommended 57. Yorum: Top hotel, large, clean room, smiling and very polite staff 59. Yorum: Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, beach, staff, everything is really top 64. The staff is extremely diligent and does their best to complete all tasks and ensure guests have a pleasant stay. The staff are amazing - they do their best. The staff are extremely helpful, friendly and attentive. - Some of the staff looked terribly bored (understandably given the heat). I asked the customer service for a cap, even though we spent €840 in total on the hotel and she dared to ask me for €2. People like that have no place in customer service! The staff are very kind and helpful. I will still end my comment on a positive note, by thanking all the staff for their friendliness, kindness and helpfulness. The hotel staff at the reception are very friendly, welcoming and helpful! The hotel service is fantastic - very kind and helpful, always ready to meet the expectations of all guests. The staff are extremely helpful, friendly and attentive. Yorum: The best, everything is very clean, the staff is super friendly. We are very satisfied with the varied restaurant, attentive staff, clean swimming pools. Very good buffet, well-maintained room, the hotel is super clean despite some tourists who leave everything lying around, the maintenance and catering staff do a great job. The staff are very kind and helpful. Finally, the service is deplorable and mediocre, staff not smiling, not competent, just unpleasant. But the worst thing is the lack of politeness and kindness of some of the staff. From the room staff to the waiters, everything was perfect. all included in the price, I'm not even talking about the succulent meals, I've never tasted so many good meals in such a short time, you won't be hungry, snacks complete the whole thing every 100 meters I would say, thank you to all the staff for their kindness, their speed in serving us on Rollers around the pool and their politeness. The staff is super friendly, the service is incredible as soon as our worm is empty they rush to give us another one. Very attentive staff, very varied buffet with tasty dishes. I will still end my comment on a positive note, by thanking all the staff for their friendliness, kindness and helpfulness. The incredible staff of real ants who work in all directions to satisfy the customer. Staff try as much as possible to be attentive. Everywhere it screams, it resonates in the corridors, the floors, the dining rooms where the staff never stops breaking dishes by wanting to go too fast, they are not waiters, they are athletes, they run non-stop. The hotel staff at the reception are very friendly, welcoming and helpful! The main restaurant staff were working hard but there weren't enough staff for all the people there (most of the time we served ourselves). Bad staff service! I would like to highlight the improvement of services and the quality of the serving staff. The staff is particularly pleasant, the quality of the meals is clearly improving, and the hotel's services are complete. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for and wanting to have a luxury vacation (service, staff, food, endless). Otherwise, the staff are friendly and smiling and the food is good! there was a day of rain and we were flooded when we returned to the room, the drain on the balcony was blocked and there was an infiltration at ceiling level, apparently for the infiltration it was "normal" according to the staff. Very good meal and very pleasant staff 43. The staff was very nice (ultra nice Talar Alkasi) who always tried to get us a table for six, he took care of us during the stay, thank you to him. the staff is super nice and always attentive to vacationers, quality/price is the best, and these food buffets are magnificent, everything is done for our well-being, and above all to come back every year, bravo, class 🤗 … 45. For some comments on the lack of courtesy of the staff, the formula "ALL INCLUSIVE" does not mean that we have the right to behave like pigs. Respect for staff is also a must in Türkiye. Yorum: The service and staff are really nice and very funny everything was clean. too many people for not enough staff... Yorum: An excellent stay, nothing to say, top-notch staff, highly recommended 57. Yorum: Top hotel, large, clean room, smiling and very polite staff 59. Yorum: Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, beach, staff, everything is really top 64. The staff is extremely diligent and does their best to complete all tasks and ensure guests have a pleasant stay. The staff are amazing - they do their best. The staff are extremely helpful, friendly and attentive. - Some of the staff looked terribly bored (understandably given the heat). I asked the customer service for a cap, even though we spent €840 in total on the hotel and she dared to ask me for €2. The service is amazing. The hotel is really not worth the price, the service leaves something to be desired, the rooms are rubbish and too noisy when you hear everything that is happening in the neighboring rooms, the dairy (mattress, cushions, duvet) is not comfortable at all, the shower is too small too. At the same price I prefer to go to Dubai in a real 5 star hotel with all the service and comfort that goes with it. Yorum: It is a large complex with large swimming pools and slides suitable for everyone with very good service, its strong point is the entertainment and the animators and especially the foreigners like Nazim and Max and others. But overall somodo is good almost very good with the service and the animators. Great services. Yorum: Hotel to avoid The service is not up to the price The buffet is not good And the rooms are old and leave something to be desired In addition they have no respect for people's personal emergencies 10. Finally, the service is deplorable and mediocre, staff not smiling, not competent, just unpleasant. However, the price has remained the same, we expect a different type of service. the service is less good. People like that have no place in customer service! We had a great week with the family (7 people / room 2223 / 12.09 - 19-09) Quality and attentive service are essential. The staff is super friendly, the service is incredible as soon as our worm is empty they rush to give us another one. The restaurant is huge; the dishes are themed, a theme every day; the service is self-service served by waiters (because of covid). On the other hand, one star less for the price of massages and additional services which are really too high, even excessive, look for a massage in Lara, go there in 10 minutes by taxi, and buy what you need 5 minutes away on foot at the Migros or at the Bazaar opposite (Pampers for babies 18 euros at the hotel and the same 5 euros at the Migros is exaggerated). The service both at the pool and in the restaurant was great, you just had to take a seat and within 2 minutes of waiting a waiter came to offer you a drink. Bad staff service! I would like to highlight the improvement of services and the quality of the serving staff. The staff is particularly pleasant, the quality of the meals is clearly improving, and the hotel's services are complete. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for and wanting to have a luxury vacation (service, staff, food, endless). Yorum: Hello everyone I am currently at the hotel we are very happy we think very good time perfect service cleanliness the people they are very smiling the waiters magnificent there is disinfection everywhere Really very good place 48. Yorum: The service and staff are really nice and very funny everything was clean. Yorum: Very luxurious hotel but the service is very poor... Yorum: Great hotel, just the service in the bars, average 65. Year: NICE hotel, service training needs to be improved significantly 67. The hotel service is fantastic - very kind and helpful, always ready to meet the expectations of all guests. We regularly visit luxury resorts and are used to good service.

Rating for Water Slides: 9.1
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 91
All results text for Water Slides: We stayed at this hotel from August 3 to 7, 2022, my children did not want to leave, I should have booked longer, the hotel is very complete, perfect for staying with children, playgrounds, rides for children in the evening, Aqua park. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! The only positive point is the swimming pools and aqua park. Too bad the price is high, I stayed 5 nights with two children, there are children's parks with rides, several slides in the swimming pool excellent for children over 5 years old who can fully enjoy them (there are height limits for children for the large slides it is 1m20 minimum.) otherwise there are small slides for children in the small pool. Yorum: It is a large complex with large swimming pools and slides suitable for everyone with very good service, its strong point is the entertainment and the animators and especially the foreigners like Nazim and Max and others. For the children it was a treat, they had fun on the slides for all ages. We had a lot of fun on the slides and the different pools! The infrastructure is exceptional, lots of pools, slides and games for the little ones. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! The employees are super professional and kind We couldn't dream of anything better I don't see what more could be done to improve this hotel The spa is excellent The food is perfect and very varied Small downside the 1m20 to do the slide my son was very disappointed from the height of it is 1m14 lol The chichi are not always there you have to wait until a certain time There is no more shisha bar And some shows are a bit corny But the rooms are clean and big. I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. Between the slides, the rides... They thought the slide park was awesome. - The children's water park sprayed water from above at every step - as a child climbed the steps to the slide, they had to wipe their face and eyes at least three times as they were splashed from above. - The children's water park sprayed water from above at every step - as a child climbed the steps to the slide, they had to wipe their face and eyes at least three times as they were splashed from above. You don't have to sleep in to get a place, and it's very far from the swimming pools too! We also spent 100€ on a kind of pool house, and even there, we were not at peace because the customers were walking past and diving in front of us, but we took this private space to be at peace. Otherwise nothing to say except that it is worth its price (high however but deserved) Special mention to NECATI KADIR a young man around the swimming pool with his drinks cart present from morning to day, he was very polite, smiling and courageous to be standing for 8 hours in 40 degree heat, a big bravo to him. That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too. Also thanks to the gentlemen who clean around the pool from morning until evening non-stop, well done to them for the hard work. Food we have a choice whether it is at the restaurant or around the pool. Too bad the price is high, I stayed 5 nights with two children, there are children's parks with rides, several slides in the swimming pool excellent for children over 5 years old who can fully enjoy them (there are height limits for children for the large slides it is 1m20 minimum.) otherwise there are small slides for children in the small pool. Yorum: It is a large complex with large swimming pools and slides suitable for everyone with very good service, its strong point is the entertainment and the animators and especially the foreigners like Nazim and Max and others. I noticed that a pool ladder was broken, I didn't even have time to report it because it was already repaired. We are very satisfied with the varied restaurant, attentive staff, clean swimming pools. Everything is great 👍🏻 If you are sporty you will love the very large gym and its 50 m 11 swimming pool. We had a lot of fun on the slides and the different pools! The water in the swimming pools is not clean. First of all, the exterior is really nice, the pools are big and there is enough space. all included in the price, I'm not even talking about the succulent meals, I've never tasted so many good meals in such a short time, you won't be hungry, snacks complete the whole thing every 100 meters I would say, thank you to all the staff for their kindness, their speed in serving us on Rollers around the pool and their politeness. The infrastructure is exceptional, lots of pools, slides and games for the little ones. For the swimming pool: Outside you have the quiet area without children, then several other swimming pools. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! Several swimming pools and a beautiful water park for children. I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. The service both at the pool and in the restaurant was great, you just had to take a seat and within 2 minutes of waiting a waiter came to offer you a drink. The tables are not cleared quickly, the play area around the pools is the same... The only positive point is the swimming pools and aqua park. is a little early to leave the children's pool with a little girl who still has a nap until 3:30 p.m. by the time she gets down she doesn't have much time to have fun since you have to leave the pool at 5 p.m. 👌❤️ A little suggestion; I find that the towels and the various food stands are quite far from the pools, it's a shame! The only real positive is the children's pool 40. Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41. Advantages: Food, snacks, hotel in general, swimming pools, aquapark, water sports, sauna, hammam and more... Several swimming pools including one heated, the sea is clean and the deckchairs are super comfortable. Yorum: Beautiful hotel Superb swimming pools 63. Yorum: Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, beach, staff, everything is really top 64. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. A 2-year-old child and an Olympic athlete will find a swimming pool here. Our room was very nice, large, with a spacious pool and sea view. have heated swimming pools. There are no towels at the pool before 8:30am. I was at the pool the first morning at 7:00am because of the reviews I had read online, but there were not a towel in sight except for a few people doing laps. It is very pleasant to go around the pool and the river by boat. - Although they have a 50 meter pool that I was looking forward to, the water in it is very, very warm, unsuitable for swimming. The water in the swimming pools is not clean. The water park is great. Several swimming pools and a beautiful water park for children. Yorum: Currently at the hotel, we are a family of 5, excellent hotel, several activities for the whole family, huge water park, rides, entertainment, gym better than my gym in the Paris region. Le Be Grand; huge with a lovely pleasant setting, great water park for children young and old. towels were put on the floor to prevent water from coming through the bay window but these remained for the rest of the stay.. Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41. Advantages: Food, snacks, hotel in general, swimming pools, aquapark, water sports, sauna, hammam and more... Outside the hotel: nothing special, Antalya to visit not too far as well as the ancient sites and the waterfalls. There are 2 water parks perfect for children and adults. + Water park and amusement park for children. - The children's water park sprayed water from above at every step - as a child climbed the steps to the slide, they had to wipe their face and eyes at least three times as they were splashed from above. They put a plastic straw in each glass (they have long been banned in our country) and everyone drank water from 0.5 liter non-returnable plastic bottles. - Although they have a 50 meter pool that I was looking forward to, the water in it is very, very warm, unsuitable for swimming. You don't have to sleep in to get a place, and it's very far from the swimming pools too! Otherwise nothing to say except that it is worth its price (high however but deserved) Special mention to NECATI KADIR a young man around the swimming pool with his drinks cart present from morning to day, he was very polite, smiling and courageous to be standing for 8 hours in 40 degree heat, a big bravo to him. Too bad the price is high, I stayed 5 nights with two children, there are children's parks with rides, several slides in the swimming pool excellent for children over 5 years old who can fully enjoy them (there are height limits for children for the large slides it is 1m20 minimum.) otherwise there are small slides for children in the small pool. Yorum: It is a large complex with large swimming pools and slides suitable for everyone with very good service, its strong point is the entertainment and the animators and especially the foreigners like Nazim and Max and others. We are very satisfied with the varied restaurant, attentive staff, clean swimming pools. Everything is great 👍🏻 If you are sporty you will love the very large gym and its 50 m 11 swimming pool. The water in the swimming pools is not clean. For the swimming pool: Outside you have the quiet area without children, then several other swimming pools. Several swimming pools and a beautiful water park for children. I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. The only positive point is the swimming pools and aqua park. Advantages: Food, snacks, hotel in general, swimming pools, aquapark, water sports, sauna, hammam and more... Several swimming pools including one heated, the sea is clean and the deckchairs are super comfortable. Yorum: Beautiful hotel Superb swimming pools 63. Yorum: Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, beach, staff, everything is really top 64. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. A 2-year-old child and an Olympic athlete will find a swimming pool here. have heated swimming pools. - Although they have a 50 meter pool that I was looking forward to, the water in it is very, very warm, unsuitable for swimming. That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too. That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too. That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 9.0
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 49
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too. We had a family emergency and the hotel did not want to make any effort with us they do not respect family emergencies. Yorum: Coming from Algeria for the 3rd year in a row, we spent 10 days as a family in this hotel. We spent 9 days there as a family: 2 adults, 1 child and a baby. Ideal for a family vacation I highly recommend 15. We had a great week with the family (7 people / room 2223 / 12.09 - 19-09) Quality and attentive service are essential. Yorum: We stayed as a family in this hotel, the welcome was very good, the room modern and well appointed. Yorum: Superb complex, an excellent stay spent with my family. Yorum: Currently at the hotel, we are a family of 5, excellent hotel, several activities for the whole family, huge water park, rides, entertainment, gym better than my gym in the Paris region. Yorum: If you are a family of more than 3 people, the 4th person will sleep on the sofa (that's the response from reception). Yorum: I am currently in the hotel, it is simply magnificent and complete, for anyone (family, young, single couple). Yorum: We just spent a week from 07/12 to 07/19/20 at the Delphine Imperial and 5 days from 07/28 to 08/01/20 at the Delphine Be Grand room 4329 with our family and our 2 daughters. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very pleasant, we went as a family, 4 adults + 2 children at the end of October. Yorum: Great family vacation, nothing to complain about at all levels. I would absolutely recommend a stay at this resort for a family! We spent 9 days there as a family: 2 adults, 1 child and a baby. The rooms are very poorly insulated, the children run in the corridor and talk very loudly in the middle of the night. The rooms are spacious and clean (just poorly insulated, we had to deal with very noisy neighbors who screamed every time they were in their room, children and parents included). Too bad the price is high, I stayed 5 nights with two children, there are children's parks with rides, several slides in the swimming pool excellent for children over 5 years old who can fully enjoy them (there are height limits for children for the large slides it is 1m20 minimum.) otherwise there are small slides for children in the small pool. For the children it was a treat, they had fun on the slides for all ages. Always very pleasant, the facilities for children are great. We stayed at this hotel from August 3 to 7, 2022, my children did not want to leave, I should have booked longer, the hotel is very complete, perfect for staying with children, playgrounds, rides for children in the evening, Aqua park. For eating you have different areas with or without children. For the swimming pool: Outside you have the quiet area without children, then several other swimming pools. Aquapark for babies from 0 to 5 years old, and another for children and adults. Entertainment, a mini club for children. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! Several swimming pools and a beautiful water park for children. Varied food, lots of choice Clean and fairly recent room At the entrance to the hotel there is a small amusement park, very nice for children. I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. Average entertainment: for example, football for children at 4 p.m. There is an Aquapark for adults and one for children as well as a lunaparc within the establishment! A paradise for adults and children! We were given a room for two adults and a child even though there were four of us (2 adults and 2 children)! Le Be Grand; huge with a lovely pleasant setting, great water park for children young and old. is a little early to leave the children's pool with a little girl who still has a nap until 3:30 p.m. The general condition of the hotel leaves something to be desired, knowing that it is a 5 star hotel there are things that are not acceptable, smells more than unpleasant in many places, more than half of the floor tiles broken, do not leave your children there with bare feet. The only real positive is the children's pool 40. Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41. Happiness for children of all ages. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very pleasant, we went as a family, 4 adults + 2 children at the end of October. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. The hallways are a little noisy at night with children etc, but they become quiet around midnight. Yorum: A large hotel geared towards families with children. We were here with 2 children aged 9 and 11 and they had a great time. I definitely recommend it, especially if you have children. There are 2 water parks perfect for children and adults. + Water park and amusement park for children. - The children's water park sprayed water from above at every step - as a child climbed the steps to the slide, they had to wipe their face and eyes at least three times as they were splashed from above.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 9.0
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 49
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too. We had a family emergency and the hotel did not want to make any effort with us they do not respect family emergencies. Yorum: Coming from Algeria for the 3rd year in a row, we spent 10 days as a family in this hotel. We spent 9 days there as a family: 2 adults, 1 child and a baby. Ideal for a family vacation I highly recommend 15. We had a great week with the family (7 people / room 2223 / 12.09 - 19-09) Quality and attentive service are essential. Yorum: We stayed as a family in this hotel, the welcome was very good, the room modern and well appointed. Yorum: Superb complex, an excellent stay spent with my family. Yorum: Currently at the hotel, we are a family of 5, excellent hotel, several activities for the whole family, huge water park, rides, entertainment, gym better than my gym in the Paris region. Yorum: If you are a family of more than 3 people, the 4th person will sleep on the sofa (that's the response from reception). Yorum: I am currently in the hotel, it is simply magnificent and complete, for anyone (family, young, single couple). Yorum: We just spent a week from 07/12 to 07/19/20 at the Delphine Imperial and 5 days from 07/28 to 08/01/20 at the Delphine Be Grand room 4329 with our family and our 2 daughters. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very pleasant, we went as a family, 4 adults + 2 children at the end of October. Yorum: Great family vacation, nothing to complain about at all levels. I would absolutely recommend a stay at this resort for a family! The fact that the amusement park was free and had lots of toys was great for families with kids like us. The rooms are very poorly insulated, the children run in the corridor and talk very loudly in the middle of the night. The rooms are spacious and clean (just poorly insulated, we had to deal with very noisy neighbors who screamed every time they were in their room, children and parents included). Too bad the price is high, I stayed 5 nights with two children, there are children's parks with rides, several slides in the swimming pool excellent for children over 5 years old who can fully enjoy them (there are height limits for children for the large slides it is 1m20 minimum.) otherwise there are small slides for children in the small pool. For the children it was a treat, they had fun on the slides for all ages. Always very pleasant, the facilities for children are great. We stayed at this hotel from August 3 to 7, 2022, my children did not want to leave, I should have booked longer, the hotel is very complete, perfect for staying with children, playgrounds, rides for children in the evening, Aqua park. For eating you have different areas with or without children. For the swimming pool: Outside you have the quiet area without children, then several other swimming pools. Aquapark for babies from 0 to 5 years old, and another for children and adults. Entertainment, a mini club for children. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! Several swimming pools and a beautiful water park for children. Varied food, lots of choice Clean and fairly recent room At the entrance to the hotel there is a small amusement park, very nice for children. I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. Average entertainment: for example, football for children at 4 p.m. There is an Aquapark for adults and one for children as well as a lunaparc within the establishment! A paradise for adults and children! We were given a room for two adults and a child even though there were four of us (2 adults and 2 children)! Le Be Grand; huge with a lovely pleasant setting, great water park for children young and old. is a little early to leave the children's pool with a little girl who still has a nap until 3:30 p.m. The general condition of the hotel leaves something to be desired, knowing that it is a 5 star hotel there are things that are not acceptable, smells more than unpleasant in many places, more than half of the floor tiles broken, do not leave your children there with bare feet. The only real positive is the children's pool 40. Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41. Happiness for children of all ages. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very pleasant, we went as a family, 4 adults + 2 children at the end of October. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. The hallways are a little noisy at night with children etc, but they become quiet around midnight. Yorum: A large hotel geared towards families with children. We were here with 2 children aged 9 and 11 and they had a great time. I definitely recommend it, especially if you have children. There are 2 water parks perfect for children and adults. + Water park and amusement park for children. - The children's water park sprayed water from above at every step - as a child climbed the steps to the slide, they had to wipe their face and eyes at least three times as they were splashed from above.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 8.8
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 40
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Cleanliness level, nothing to say. Yorum: Hello everyone I am currently at the hotel we are very happy we think very good time perfect service cleanliness the people they are very smiling the waiters magnificent there is disinfection everywhere Really very good place 48. The cleanliness is very good. excellent for people who don't like to go to bed early and still want to eat, the people who work there are all very friendly toilet hygiene excellent, for each toilet there is a person dedicated to hygiene and frankly she works there she doesn't sleep. Most of the people who prepare the food in the main restaurant are inexperienced and there is a HUGE lack of hygiene. Yorum: Very nice hotel, top hygiene. The rooms are spacious and clean (just poorly insulated, we had to deal with very noisy neighbors who screamed every time they were in their room, children and parents included). Also thanks to the gentlemen who clean around the pool from morning until evening non-stop, well done to them for the hard work. Cleanliness level, nothing to say. The hotel is not very clean and there are bad smells everywhere. Yorum: The best, everything is very clean, the staff is super friendly. We are very satisfied with the varied restaurant, attentive staff, clean swimming pools. Very good buffet, well-maintained room, the hotel is super clean despite some tourists who leave everything lying around, the maintenance and catering staff do a great job. The hotel is great, clean, food all day and the cocktails are excellent! The food is good fresh and clean! The water in the swimming pools is not clean. the cleaning ladies make a lot of noise and speak very loudly in the corridors. Yorum: Incredible clean hotel with everything available! Everything is always very clean, I am delighted. A large clean room with a fruit platter, cake and champagne on arrival. The room is cleaned every day, as is the mini bar, which is refilled every day. Everything was clean and so were the customers. The employees are super professional and kind We couldn't dream of anything better I don't see what more could be done to improve this hotel The spa is excellent The food is perfect and very varied Small downside the 1m20 to do the slide my son was very disappointed from the height of it is 1m14 lol The chichi are not always there you have to wait until a certain time There is no more shisha bar And some shows are a bit corny But the rooms are clean and big. Varied food, lots of choice Clean and fairly recent room At the entrance to the hotel there is a small amusement park, very nice for children. Very clean hotel, nothing to add. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very nice. Too long a wait at reception upon arrival, dirty room not even cleaned. The hotel is luxurious, very clean! Disadvantages: joint in the bathroom not very clean and bedding especially the cushions you can do better for a 5 star. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very pleasant, we went as a family, 4 adults + 2 children at the end of October. Yorum: Hello everyone I am currently at the hotel we are very happy we think very good time perfect service cleanliness the people they are very smiling the waiters magnificent there is disinfection everywhere Really very good place 48. Yorum: Great hotel, the food is just delicious, the rooms are big and clean. Several swimming pools including one heated, the sea is clean and the deckchairs are super comfortable. Yorum: The service and staff are really nice and very funny everything was clean. Yorum: Top hotel, large, clean room, smiling and very polite staff 59. The hotel complex is very clean overall, which leaves a positive impression. The rooms were spacious and very clean every day. (shops taxi hammams) A special thank you to the cleaning lady of room 3417 Emine❤️ She is the best 85. The cleanliness is very good. In the bathroom there was limescale; overall it was not as clean as I expected.

Rating for Transportation Options: 8.3
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 25
All results text for Transportation Options: On the other hand, one star less for the price of massages and additional services which are really too high, even excessive, look for a massage in Lara, go there in 10 minutes by taxi, and buy what you need 5 minutes away on foot at the Migros or at the Bazaar opposite (Pampers for babies 18 euros at the hotel and the same 5 euros at the Migros is exaggerated). Not even a path for pedestrians to leave the hotel, you have to walk on the road between taxis and buses, on a path that isn't even lit. By taxi you can reach Antalya in 30 minutes. (65€) the taxi takes you there and the driver waits for you until you want to return to your hotel. (shops taxi hammams) A special thank you to the cleaning lady of room 3417 Emine❤️ She is the best 85. Not even a path for pedestrians to leave the hotel, you have to walk on the road between taxis and buses, on a path that isn't even lit. There is even a special bus for the little ones, which provides extra fun. Year: NICE hotel, service training needs to be improved significantly 67. For eating you have different areas with or without children. For the swimming pool: Outside you have the quiet area without children, then several other swimming pools. The tables are not cleared quickly, the play area around the pools is the same... It covers a large area, so if mobility is an issue I would bring/rent a wheelchair. The negative point of the hotel is: The mini club is a bit of a failure, and it would be nice if the entertainment areas like electronic games and bowling were free. You don't have to sleep in to get a place, and it's very far from the swimming pools too! With several themes, for example a child-free place for couples. An ideal place to spend the holidays, just the town must find a solution for the canal opposite which disfigures the environment. People like that have no place in customer service! Yorum: A great place for young and old!! I congratulate the entire team in place for making our stay particularly pleasant. The general condition of the hotel leaves something to be desired, knowing that it is a 5 star hotel there are things that are not acceptable, smells more than unpleasant in many places, more than half of the floor tiles broken, do not leave your children there with bare feet. Yorum: This is a splendid place! Yorum: Hello everyone I am currently at the hotel we are very happy we think very good time perfect service cleanliness the people they are very smiling the waiters magnificent there is disinfection everywhere Really very good place 48. Best all inclusive place I've ever been too. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel for all ages including babies etc, they cater to everyone 👌 Honestly I have visited a lot of places and hotels but I would definitely say this is the best place, beautiful place. - In many places there was a strange sweet smell (garbage?).

Rating for Beach: 7.9
Total number of comments for Beach: 17
All results text for Beach: A very large beach with sand, and a quay with bar. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41. Yorum: Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, beach, staff, everything is really top 64. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. The beach is very beautiful, the sea is classic, the Antalya sea is wavy and deep. - The beach is a joke, with nasty stones that your feet sink into, sometimes dirty not only with seaweed but as if crushed plastic was floating. A very large beach with sand, and a quay with bar. The girl from the cafe by the sea Cigun or cengun? I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. The service both at the pool and in the restaurant was great, you just had to take a seat and within 2 minutes of waiting a waiter came to offer you a drink. Several swimming pools including one heated, the sea is clean and the deckchairs are super comfortable. The rooms are spacious and offer a beautiful view of the sea and the hotel's picturesque park. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. Our room was very nice, large, with a spacious pool and sea view. The beach is very beautiful, the sea is classic, the Antalya sea is wavy and deep. - The beach is a joke, with nasty stones that your feet sink into, sometimes dirty not only with seaweed but as if crushed plastic was floating.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 6.5
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 12
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The employees are super professional and kind We couldn't dream of anything better I don't see what more could be done to improve this hotel The spa is excellent The food is perfect and very varied Small downside the 1m20 to do the slide my son was very disappointed from the height of it is 1m14 lol The chichi are not always there you have to wait until a certain time There is no more shisha bar And some shows are a bit corny But the rooms are clean and big. We spent €300 on a massage and a hammam. On the other hand, one star less for the price of massages and additional services which are really too high, even excessive, look for a massage in Lara, go there in 10 minutes by taxi, and buy what you need 5 minutes away on foot at the Migros or at the Bazaar opposite (Pampers for babies 18 euros at the hotel and the same 5 euros at the Migros is exaggerated). It's a shame, I would have preferred to have a massage at the hotel but the price was 2/3 cheaper elsewhere. Yorum: Good for large families, the food is not great, not at my level, the workers are overflowing, huffing and puffing when you ask for something and pushing for consumption (sauna, massage, etc.) 46. Advantages: Food, snacks, hotel in general, swimming pools, aquapark, water sports, sauna, hammam and more... Yorum: Good for large families, the food is not great, not at my level, the workers are overflowing, huffing and puffing when you ask for something and pushing for consumption (sauna, massage, etc.) 46. just the nectarines even with healthy teeth you can lose a tooth, the knife didn't manage to cut too hard :) at night there is soup meat fruit starters salad... - After a few days, the food seems bland and repetitive, and the outdoor stalls only offer unhealthy foods. We spent €300 on a massage and a hammam. Advantages: Food, snacks, hotel in general, swimming pools, aquapark, water sports, sauna, hammam and more... (shops taxi hammams) A special thank you to the cleaning lady of room 3417 Emine❤️ She is the best 85.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 9.2
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 6
All results text for Sports Facilities: The fitness center is new and beautiful. Everything is great 👍🏻 If you are sporty you will love the very large gym and its 50 m 11 swimming pool. Yorum: Currently at the hotel, we are a family of 5, excellent hotel, several activities for the whole family, huge water park, rides, entertainment, gym better than my gym in the Paris region. For adults, a professional gym is open daily from 8:00 a.m. Usually in hotels the gym is disappointing, but this was not the case here and you can work out well. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities.

Rating for Special Menu: 9.7
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 5
All results text for Special Menu: Yorum: Top quality food, spoilt for choice, meat eaters or vegans... We didn't finish our meals and went to the buffet! all included in the price, I'm not even talking about the succulent meals, I've never tasted so many good meals in such a short time, you won't be hungry, snacks complete the whole thing every 100 meters I would say, thank you to all the staff for their kindness, their speed in serving us on Rollers around the pool and their politeness. The staff is particularly pleasant, the quality of the meals is clearly improving, and the hotel's services are complete. Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2.0
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 3
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Disadvantages: joint in the bathroom not very clean and bedding especially the cushions you can do better for a 5 star. The hotel is really not worth the price, the service leaves something to be desired, the rooms are rubbish and too noisy when you hear everything that is happening in the neighboring rooms, the dairy (mattress, cushions, duvet) is not comfortable at all, the shower is too small too. - Very uncomfortable mattresses, in the morning my husband and I had severe back pain.

Rating for Party Experience: 8.2
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 2
All results text for Party Experience: Yorum: Nice hotel, but much too noisy in the evening, impossible to sleep because of the music outside. In the evening, the hotel organizes parties with music in the bar, which makes the moment more interesting.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 10.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 2
All results text for Children's Pool Area: is a little early to leave the children's pool with a little girl who still has a nap until 3:30 p.m. The only real positive is the children's pool 40.

Rating for Diving: 7.5
Total number of comments for Diving: 1
All results text for Diving: We also spent 100€ on a kind of pool house, and even there, we were not at peace because the customers were walking past and diving in front of us, but we took this private space to be at peace.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 10.0
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 1
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: The evening shows are numerous and always live up to the entertainment standards.

Rating for Honeymoon: 7.5
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 1
All results text for Honeymoon: We also spent 100€ on a kind of pool house, and even there, we were not at peace because the customers were walking past and diving in front of us, but we took this private space to be at peace.

