Hotel Name: Grand Park Lara

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 7.3
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 159
All results text for Service Quality: I would not return to this hotel, plus the staff were not very pleasant and there were no smiles. The reception staff are helpful but do not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information. The staff is very helpful but does not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information, the shops offer very expensive and poor quality items, the reception does not handle requests correctly: we ask for a taxi to the airport at 5 a.m. Staff attentive and responsive to every request. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. Yorum: Very good hotel, very large, the rooms are spacious, I love it, the staff were very friendly and helpful. Yorum: Very nice hotel with good staff and activities every evening very close to the sea I recommend!! Yorum: Room too small and without terrace because we had a child Very nice staff and clean hotel with enough deckchairs 17. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very friendly staff and the service is excellent. Yorum: For medical tourism it was a great stay, the hotel was very nice, the staff too. Yorum: First all-inclusive experience and just incredible, the staff is attentive and efficient. The staff is super professional and enterprising, the food is good and it is safe 30. Yorum: Hotel to recommend for its unbeatable location, quality price, the staff is very correct, just a small criticism, the room is a bit small and no balcony, otherwise nothing to say, come and see honestly 😜😘 33. The staff is really disgusting (first time I use this word in my feedback and yet I travel a lot) 39. Yorum: Nice hotel, nice staff, good stay 41. The service is perfect and the staff is attentive. Yorum: As you would expect, tourist factory (650 rooms???) with very welcoming staff. unsmiling staff... staff does not speak French... Neither at the reception nor in the services Very nice varied buffet very good food (but what a shame this waste of food) friendly staff. Unfriendly and unhelpful staff. Very friendly staff, especially Miss Irem ;) to come back for sure 51. Friendly, smiling and well-organized staff. Yorum: The mistress is not comfortable, the restaurant is too noisy, the staff is very friendly, the guest isolation is magnificent, madam suma is very kind and she helped me, thank you for everything, it's quiet, it's relaxing to sleep 58. Yorum: Top hotel, very spacious, top service staff, top cleaning lady, thank you. Yorum: A very large complex Too many people in August Staff not very friendly Complex on 3 blocks Our block suffered damage very big water leak the facts were in August 2018 Bad publicity for a complex classified 4 stars. The staff was super friendly, nothing to say! Yorum: Very pleasant with attentive staff. A member of staff claims to have found the glasses and that he had put them on a table but that he no longer knew who could have taken them!! and a staff member claimed to have found the glasses and put them on a table but that he did not know who could have taken them!! Yorum: This is the second time I've been back and this time I was a little disappointed unlike the first time where I loved it, the staff was cold, they picked up our plates while we were still eating, or if I went to the buffet when I got back no more plates, the food was not very good and always the same thing, not varied, I don't think I'll go back unfortunately 75. Yorum: I paid for a room overlooking the pool and I found myself in a room overlooking the street, the reception staff were very unpleasant, my vacation was wasted, I am currently still in the hotel, I am in a hurry to go home, I strongly advise against it to those who speak French, too bad it is a beautiful hotel, I thank the staff around the pool who are very professional 76. Yorum: Large hotel complex where everything is present for an excellent stay, competent, kind and professional staff 82. Yorum: Superb hotel, comfortable, clean and inexpensive, great staff, I would happily return 85. Year: Park kara zero service zero staff zero 000000000 97. Yorum: Magnificent impeccable service, attentive staff 98. The staff were incredibly rude, including the cleaning staff, who showed no respect for our privacy. None of the staff spoke or understood English, making communication extremely difficult. The security staff and bellboys were also rude, laughing and joking among themselves while ignoring the guests. While the staff cleans very quickly and efficiently, this does not mean that you can leave the waste anywhere. The staff was very well organized, the pool is very clean. Kudos to the management team and staff for doing such a great job! I don't know what to think about it but I'll just say that I really enjoyed my time here, they have tasty food, friendly staff... I came last night and asked for a thin pillow, and the front desk staff told me there was only one size pillow in the entire hotel. Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. Everything was found by the attentive staff and returned to reception. The staff were lovely. Yorum: We arrived and our suitcases were carefully carried to the room by the staff. The staff are friendly and do their best despite the heat to keep everything clean and tidy. indicated at reception, unfortunately no staff came to bring towels, luckily I knew where the stock was and collected them myself. It is not possible for a hotel with excessive capacity to accommodate so many people, neither the staff nor the facilities. The area around the pool was dirty, we didn't see any staff coming to help if something was spilled on the floor or there was litter. We didn't see many of our employees, it was obvious that there was not enough staff. The staff is used to talking freely, especially since there are many foreigners, but as you know, there are Turks in the hotel, we are in Antalya. The staff are always friendly and helpful, which makes the stay even more enjoyable. All the staff are very kind and attentive, nothing is a problem, very helpful. -There is a problem with the sun loungers in every hotel, every hotel staff should intervene definitively and clearly. -The speed of work of the restaurant staff is very good and successful+, but it is a pity that my plate is taken away as soon as I put the last bite in my mouth -As I mentioned above, there was a lot of variety in the food, but it did not appeal to us in terms of taste. And the staff doesn't talk about it WHY? Absolutely horrible customer service. Absolutely terrible customer service and it's only my first night. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very friendly staff and the service is excellent. Neither at the reception nor in the services Very nice varied buffet very good food (but what a shame this waste of food) friendly staff. Very friendly staff, especially Miss Irem ;) to come back for sure 51. I don't know what to think about it but I'll just say that I really enjoyed my time here, they have tasty food, friendly staff... Special mention for the mini club and its team, even though no one speaks French, my 5-year-old daughter enjoyed going there ❤️ There is a great hair salon in the hotel with a very helpful team❤️ Small negative point, the waiters in certain bars are not smiling. The reception staff are helpful but do not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information. The staff is very helpful but does not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information, the shops offer very expensive and poor quality items, the reception does not handle requests correctly: we ask for a taxi to the airport at 5 a.m. Yorum: Very good hotel, very large, the rooms are spacious, I love it, the staff were very friendly and helpful. Unfriendly and unhelpful staff. Yorum: Personal beautiful helpful 108. The staff are always friendly and helpful, which makes the stay even more enjoyable. All the staff are very kind and attentive, nothing is a problem, very helpful. +The welcome is good, friendly and helpful in everything. I would not return to this hotel, plus the staff were not very pleasant and there were no smiles. The reception staff are helpful but do not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information. The staff is very helpful but does not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information, the shops offer very expensive and poor quality items, the reception does not handle requests correctly: we ask for a taxi to the airport at 5 a.m. Staff attentive and responsive to every request. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. Yorum: Very good hotel, very large, the rooms are spacious, I love it, the staff were very friendly and helpful. Yorum: Very nice hotel with good staff and activities every evening very close to the sea I recommend!! Yorum: Room too small and without terrace because we had a child Very nice staff and clean hotel with enough deckchairs 17. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very friendly staff and the service is excellent. Yorum: For medical tourism it was a great stay, the hotel was very nice, the staff too. Yorum: First all-inclusive experience and just incredible, the staff is attentive and efficient. The staff is super professional and enterprising, the food is good and it is safe 30. Yorum: Hotel to recommend for its unbeatable location, quality price, the staff is very correct, just a small criticism, the room is a bit small and no balcony, otherwise nothing to say, come and see honestly 😜😘 33. The staff is really disgusting (first time I use this word in my feedback and yet I travel a lot) 39. Yorum: Nice hotel, nice staff, good stay 41. The service is perfect and the staff is attentive. Yorum: As you would expect, tourist factory (650 rooms???) with very welcoming staff. unsmiling staff... staff does not speak French... Neither at the reception nor in the services Very nice varied buffet very good food (but what a shame this waste of food) friendly staff. Unfriendly and unhelpful staff. Very friendly staff, especially Miss Irem ;) to come back for sure 51. Friendly, smiling and well-organized staff. Yorum: The mistress is not comfortable, the restaurant is too noisy, the staff is very friendly, the guest isolation is magnificent, madam suma is very kind and she helped me, thank you for everything, it's quiet, it's relaxing to sleep 58. Yorum: Top hotel, very spacious, top service staff, top cleaning lady, thank you. Yorum: A very large complex Too many people in August Staff not very friendly Complex on 3 blocks Our block suffered damage very big water leak the facts were in August 2018 Bad publicity for a complex classified 4 stars. The staff was super friendly, nothing to say! Yorum: Very pleasant with attentive staff. A member of staff claims to have found the glasses and that he had put them on a table but that he no longer knew who could have taken them!! and a staff member claimed to have found the glasses and put them on a table but that he did not know who could have taken them!! Yorum: This is the second time I've been back and this time I was a little disappointed unlike the first time where I loved it, the staff was cold, they picked up our plates while we were still eating, or if I went to the buffet when I got back no more plates, the food was not very good and always the same thing, not varied, I don't think I'll go back unfortunately 75. Yorum: I paid for a room overlooking the pool and I found myself in a room overlooking the street, the reception staff were very unpleasant, my vacation was wasted, I am currently still in the hotel, I am in a hurry to go home, I strongly advise against it to those who speak French, too bad it is a beautiful hotel, I thank the staff around the pool who are very professional 76. Yorum: Large hotel complex where everything is present for an excellent stay, competent, kind and professional staff 82. Yorum: Superb hotel, comfortable, clean and inexpensive, great staff, I would happily return 85. Year: Park kara zero service zero staff zero 000000000 97. Yorum: Magnificent impeccable service, attentive staff 98. The staff were incredibly rude, including the cleaning staff, who showed no respect for our privacy. None of the staff spoke or understood English, making communication extremely difficult. The security staff and bellboys were also rude, laughing and joking among themselves while ignoring the guests. While the staff cleans very quickly and efficiently, this does not mean that you can leave the waste anywhere. The staff was very well organized, the pool is very clean. Kudos to the management team and staff for doing such a great job! I don't know what to think about it but I'll just say that I really enjoyed my time here, they have tasty food, friendly staff... I came last night and asked for a thin pillow, and the front desk staff told me there was only one size pillow in the entire hotel. Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. Everything was found by the attentive staff and returned to reception. The staff were lovely. Yorum: We arrived and our suitcases were carefully carried to the room by the staff. The staff are friendly and do their best despite the heat to keep everything clean and tidy. indicated at reception, unfortunately no staff came to bring towels, luckily I knew where the stock was and collected them myself. It is not possible for a hotel with excessive capacity to accommodate so many people, neither the staff nor the facilities. The area around the pool was dirty, we didn't see any staff coming to help if something was spilled on the floor or there was litter. We didn't see many of our employees, it was obvious that there was not enough staff. The staff is used to talking freely, especially since there are many foreigners, but as you know, there are Turks in the hotel, we are in Antalya. The staff are always friendly and helpful, which makes the stay even more enjoyable. All the staff are very kind and attentive, nothing is a problem, very helpful. -There is a problem with the sun loungers in every hotel, every hotel staff should intervene definitively and clearly. -The speed of work of the restaurant staff is very good and successful+, but it is a pity that my plate is taken away as soon as I put the last bite in my mouth -As I mentioned above, there was a lot of variety in the food, but it did not appeal to us in terms of taste. And the staff doesn't talk about it WHY? Table service: your plate is taken away without asking your opinion or having finished! Table service: your plate is taken away without asking your opinion or having finished! Yorum: Very nice hotel and very friendly staff and the service is excellent. Yorum: The service is nice, lots of different things, interesting activities, the food is good and different, nothing to say, we have a good holiday 20. The welcome is warm and the service impeccable. Yorum: Very well located, perfect welcome and service. But all this is spoiled by the quality of service, very cold and unprofessional welcome for a 4 star hotel, room not clean on arrival, request for an iron (normal for a 4 star) we are told that it does not exist at their place and that we had to pay for the dry cleaning when a cleaning lady brought us one, a real disgrace!!!!!! The service is perfect and the staff is attentive. Yorum: The hotel is amazing and the service too 46. moreover the mediocre room service barely cleaned... Neither at the reception nor in the services Very nice varied buffet very good food (but what a shame this waste of food) friendly staff. Yorum: Top hotel, very spacious, top service staff, top cleaning lady, thank you. I went as a couple for 6 nights (early October), we really liked it, large buffet, impeccable service, beautiful swimming pool, etc... Yorum: Exceptional service, I do not regret my stay in this hotel with my son. Yorum: Zero reception service especially a woman who wears glasses she speaks French she is very mean to go to the sea you have to wait a long time for the shuttle restaurant 0000 the food always the same this is not a good Hotel for families I do not recommend this hotel 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 73. Yorum: zero service I don't recommend it to you the restaurant always there same things small swimming pool the beds not comfortable not liked at all not recommended 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 80. Impeccable service, impeccable cleanliness and 24/7 buffet with plenty of choice! Comment: Good hotel nice service👍👍👍👍👍 91. Yorum: Dream vacation, top service 94. Yorum: Highly recommend, exceptional welcome, attentive, top service 95. Year: Park kara zero service zero staff zero 000000000 97. Yorum: Magnificent impeccable service, attentive staff 98. Absolutely horrible customer service. Absolutely terrible customer service and it's only my first night. The hotel itself is a 3 star and the service is terrible! The play sisters and brothers were caring, kind and attentive to the children, we would especially like to thank our sister Hélin :) The cleaning of the rooms was very good, but the mini-bar and water renewal services were not sufficient.

Rating for Water Slides: 6.3
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 81
All results text for Water Slides: We had so much fun on the water slides and different pools that are here. Yorum: The hotel is quite nice, 2 large swimming pools and one with slides for children. Yorum: 2 beautiful swimming pools plus the 3rd with slides (great for children); the food is good and varied, the kid club entertainers are great. Large swimming pool with slides. We had so much fun on the water slides and different pools that are here. Yorum: The hotel is quite nice, 2 large swimming pools and one with slides for children. Too bad about the balcony, which we didn't have, but hey, we had a room at the front with a view of the pool. For the deckchairs in front of the pool, you have to wake up very early! Several swimming pools. Several swimming pools, well-secured park. The second small point is the shops because many things are chargeable in the hotel but this is understandable because this is an additional request but in the evening when the parties take place there is a man holding a game where the children enter balls which float on the pool, a funny game and which we thought was included in the all in. Yorum: Very good stay, with a large choice of buffet, swimming pools. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. and you can't take food by the pool. Yorum: The hotel is excellent with a magnificent swimming pool, the buffet has a very serious choice of food with quality. for families I do not recommend noise pollution every evening (nightclub in the swimming pool) the hotel is not on the seafront you have to... Yorum: 2 beautiful swimming pools plus the 3rd with slides (great for children); the food is good and varied, the kid club entertainers are great. A horrible noise and let's not talk about the swimming pools we are like sardines on top of each other. Yorum: I am currently at the hotel for the price not too bad what is a shame is that in the evening it is difficult to find a place at the table to have a drink because there are a lot of people, the beach is more or less 400 m there is a hotel shuttle that will take us, the food is correct and I have a room with a terrace on the other hand for those who want to sleep peacefully a little complicated because there is a lot of noise in the evening, last small detail those who want a place by the pool must get up early 43. Swimming pool and gym, bar, everything is there... It is difficult to find 1 deckchair by the pool. I went as a couple for 6 nights (early October), we really liked it, large buffet, impeccable service, beautiful swimming pool, etc... Yorum: Superb hotel, very spacious, very clean swimming pools, great activities and above all good food! Yorum: I really liked this place, the pools are very good and suitable for children. Yorum: I paid for a room overlooking the pool and I found myself in a room overlooking the street, the reception staff were very unpleasant, my vacation was wasted, I am currently still in the hotel, I am in a hurry to go home, I strongly advise against it to those who speak French, too bad it is a beautiful hotel, I thank the staff around the pool who are very professional 76. Yorum: Nice hotel with 4 swimming pools, hair salon, shops,. Yorum: zero service I don't recommend it to you the restaurant always there same things small swimming pool the beds not comfortable not liked at all not recommended 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 80. Large swimming pool with slides. I am Addition, there is a horrible sewage smell outside near the pools which is really off putting and not pleasant to smell. There is a gym and several swimming pools. The staff was very well organized, the pool is very clean. We had clean pool and beach towels every day, and the beach ⛱ has no rocks, the entry into the sea is gentle. We went to the pool and everything was already full, there was no place to sit, lots of beds, towels but no one on them. The next morning at 7am I went to get a cup of coffee and to my surprise all the pool beds were full of towels, there were only a few beds available so if you wanted to lie down you had to get a sunbed early, ridiculous as most people only came to bed in the afternoon. Too little space by the pool, crowded and the evening meal was always the same. To find a deckchair by the pool, you have to wake up at 7am and take a deckchair. The pool is very busy and sometimes it is impossible to find a place to swim comfortably. The area around the pool was dirty, we didn't see any staff coming to help if something was spilled on the floor or there was litter. Of particular note are the swimming pools, which are beautiful and well maintained. The deckchair situation only really occurs at the main pool. We had so much fun on the water slides and different pools that are here. +Good 24/7 food and beverage facilities +The swimming pools are divided into three: swimming pool, children's pool and Aqua. +The variety of each meal is quite good, but unfortunately it did not appeal to us in terms of taste What we are not satisfied with: -pollution of the pools, while we were among the first to enter the pool in the morning, sharp stones that settled on the bottom hurt our feet throughout the holiday, cleaning of the bottom of the pool is poor -Unfortunately, the area around the pool is dirty, largely due to the negligence and disorder of the guests, but given this situation, everything should be swept at least in the evening. Even though we were alone in the pool for two hours, the number of sunbeds we had was one, as the others were "reserved" with items such as towels. and pool bagels. and slow for those on the 9th floor -I find it a shame that people are allowed to leave their personal towels and children's pool toys out at the end of the day. It was very nice not to have to worry about cleaning the pool and sun loungers. Fresh water is available throughout the hotel. Not at all, the man took two of my children up, sent them out into the water and then told me it cost 10 euros. moreover bus of the bathroom area water leak flowing .... Yorum: A very large complex Too many people in August Staff not very friendly Complex on 3 blocks Our block suffered damage very big water leak the facts were in August 2018 Bad publicity for a complex classified 4 stars. To visit during the stay in Antalya the waterfalls and the sea trip Magnificent landscape. There were water cuts and maintenance problems; near the elevator and in the hotel bar! There were water cuts and maintenance problems near the elevator and the hotel bar! The room has a fridge, water, kettle, tea and coffee, air conditioning. Cold bottled water is always available and there are refrigerators with water. Among the disadvantages I would say the water pressure in the rooms. Huge hotel area, beautiful and large beach, smooth entry into the water, attention to detail, customer care. One evening we had heavy rain and thunder, rain water got into the floor of the hotel room, soaked, also in our son and daughter-in-law's room, so we dried everything ourselves, so we couldn't use the elevator. when people were taking a shower we heard it upstairs the water was running down the drains the food was not always hot and the fruit was sometimes too hard The entertainment team did not involve people enough in the activities The evening shows have been pretty much the same for 3 years, after the shows last year nothing to do DJ in the bar now Seen once In other hotels much more atmosphere and music However, it left me with great people, a great holiday and wonderful memories. The rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels and bottled water in the fridge. We had so much fun on the water slides and different pools that are here. The play sisters and brothers were caring, kind and attentive to the children, we would especially like to thank our sister Hélin :) The cleaning of the rooms was very good, but the mini-bar and water renewal services were not sufficient. Yorum: The hotel is quite nice, 2 large swimming pools and one with slides for children. Several swimming pools. Several swimming pools, well-secured park. Yorum: Very good stay, with a large choice of buffet, swimming pools. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. Yorum: The hotel is excellent with a magnificent swimming pool, the buffet has a very serious choice of food with quality. for families I do not recommend noise pollution every evening (nightclub in the swimming pool) the hotel is not on the seafront you have to... Yorum: 2 beautiful swimming pools plus the 3rd with slides (great for children); the food is good and varied, the kid club entertainers are great. A horrible noise and let's not talk about the swimming pools we are like sardines on top of each other. Swimming pool and gym, bar, everything is there... I went as a couple for 6 nights (early October), we really liked it, large buffet, impeccable service, beautiful swimming pool, etc... Yorum: Superb hotel, very spacious, very clean swimming pools, great activities and above all good food! Yorum: Nice hotel with 4 swimming pools, hair salon, shops,. Yorum: zero service I don't recommend it to you the restaurant always there same things small swimming pool the beds not comfortable not liked at all not recommended 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 80. Large swimming pool with slides. There is a gym and several swimming pools. Of particular note are the swimming pools, which are beautiful and well maintained. +Good 24/7 food and beverage facilities +The swimming pools are divided into three: swimming pool, children's pool and Aqua.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 8.7
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 57
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of quality price: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks throughout the day. Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of price quality: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks. After 5 minutes of negotiations, we were given 3 towels even though we are a family of 5 including 3 children!!! Yorum: This is the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel and I will be returning with my family next year. Great stay with the little family! Yorum: Great family vacation 🧡❤️✨ … 96. Yorum: I recently stayed at this hotel with my family and it was a disaster from start to finish. The room (Family Suite) was large, very clean, it was cleaned daily. Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. The lady at reception reserved a family room with balcony for us even though we had taken a standard room. My family all enjoyed the food, there is something for everyone. Yorum: We stayed in 3 rooms for a family of 9 between August 23rd and 30th. Several activities: cinema, kids clubs. A slightly more annoying problem that I did not understand during the stay is that no child under 16 can participate in the simple program without counting the kids club. Because it is separated between the adult schedule which should not be and the kids club. The first time it was very nice when me and my husband went there with the kids, then we left because we didn't have the money on us with my husband looking for the money upstairs in the room. They didn't even have simple options for kids like pizza etc. The main pearl of the hotel is the kids club. I would like to thank the kids club team: Mariana, Sulfiye, Angelina, Sude and Altynay. The kids club was very successful. Several activities: cinema, kids clubs. A slightly more annoying problem that I did not understand during the stay is that no child under 16 can participate in the simple program without counting the kids club. Because it is separated between the adult schedule which should not be and the kids club. The main pearl of the hotel is the kids club. I would like to thank the kids club team: Mariana, Sulfiye, Angelina, Sude and Altynay. The kids club was very successful. Yorum: The hotel is quite nice, 2 large swimming pools and one with slides for children. Several activities for children. However, the activities that do not necessarily require effort, such as step (said like Zumba on the schedule) are completely empty, so children and parents can never do activities together. The second small point is the shops because many things are chargeable in the hotel but this is understandable because this is an additional request but in the evening when the parties take place there is a man holding a game where the children enter balls which float on the pool, a funny game and which we thought was included in the all in. Not at all, the man took two of my children up, sent them out into the water and then told me it cost 10 euros. Our children stayed there to see their favourite and were kicked out the second we left as obviously children can't pay for anything and they understood very well that there was nothing to be gained with children alone. |The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere.|I recommend it. |The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere.|I recommend it. The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. At the children's mini club we met Helin, a very pleasant person who loves her work and who adores children. A children's cinema in the hotel. Yorum: Super nice, everything went well and very good for the children 34. Yorum: 2 beautiful swimming pools plus the 3rd with slides (great for children); the food is good and varied, the kid club entertainers are great. After 5 minutes of negotiations, we were given 3 towels even though we are a family of 5 including 3 children!!! No activities for children and adults. The open-air nightclub where people scream all night is not possible with children. Yorum: I really liked this place, the pools are very good and suitable for children. The hotel has a children's playground, a games room and a cinema. At the end of each day, this club organizes a mini disco for all the children. They are a true example of how to spend time with children. Children come to this club with great enthusiasm, which is good for parents, who can relax and not worry about their child. There are plenty of things for children to do. Special thanks to the children's club "Miniclub". Our children had a lot of fun there and were excited about the activities and care. Yorum: We rested on August 19 for 11 days with my husband and two children (10 years old and 1 year old). Yorum: My children and I are having a wonderful time. +Good 24/7 food and beverage facilities +The swimming pools are divided into three: swimming pool, children's pool and Aqua. and slow for those on the 9th floor -I find it a shame that people are allowed to leave their personal towels and children's pool toys out at the end of the day. Our 3 children spent the whole day there without ever getting bored. The play sisters and brothers were caring, kind and attentive to the children, we would especially like to thank our sister Hélin :) The cleaning of the rooms was very good, but the mini-bar and water renewal services were not sufficient.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 7.7
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 56
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Yorum: The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. Yorum: The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. Cleanliness and warm welcome.. Impeccable cleanliness, therefore 4 out of 5 spacious bedrooms with large living room 49. Impeccable service, impeccable cleanliness and 24/7 buffet with plenty of choice! Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. The loungers are very heavy and cannot be retrieved and rearranged every day, but in a very large and crowded hotel, cleanliness is very important at the meeting point of everyone. |The rooms are clean. Yorum: Very clean hotel and the various restaurants offer very good meals. Clean beach. Top animation Clean beach. The rooms are too small, the cleaning needs to be completely overhauled and there is a lack of storage space in the bedrooms and bathrooms. Yorum: The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. Yorum: The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. Yorum: Room too small and without terrace because we had a child Very nice staff and clean hotel with enough deckchairs 17. Cleanliness and warm welcome.. The whole hotel was very clean. But all this is spoiled by the quality of service, very cold and unprofessional welcome for a 4 star hotel, room not clean on arrival, request for an iron (normal for a 4 star) we are told that it does not exist at their place and that we had to pay for the dry cleaning when a cleaning lady brought us one, a real disgrace!!!!!! Yorum: Rooms quite small, cleaning left something to be desired for me despite several comments, which is a shame. moreover the mediocre room service barely cleaned... Impeccable cleanliness, therefore 4 out of 5 spacious bedrooms with large living room 49. Very clean hotel. Yorum: Very very dirty hotel, the rooms are not cleaned at all, disgusting.. Yorum: Nice clean hotel and good food. Yorum: Top hotel, very spacious, top service staff, top cleaning lady, thank you. Super friendly and very clean woman ayla hanim 59. Yorum: Superb hotel, very spacious, very clean swimming pools, great activities and above all good food! Yorum: The cleaning lady hasn't washed the floors, sheets or tables since we arrived, she did it once!!!! Yorum: Good overall, nice rooms, very clean, wide choice for eating, sea right next door, however not much activity in the evenings, except in the bar but no places, we get bored a lot, lack of space in the restaurant, the waiters clear away too quickly, sometimes we don't even have time to eat that our plates are already gone, waitress too rude (one day I can't find a place to sit at the table, except one with 2 places but being 3 (my husband, my child and me) I add 1 chair and the waitress tells me that I can't, no worries I respect and accept her remark she was absolutely right, seen from a distance it blocked the passage, then I tell her I can't find another place with my plates in hand and she tells me for that I don't know how to help you and do nothing for you (I didn't expect her to go around the restaurant to find me a place but to tell me something other than I don't know how to do anything) a 2nd evening, I come home, I take my dishes and sit down and start eating after 20 minutes the lights go out the restaurant starts to close, we were busy eating a dessert that one of the waitresses almost threw us out saying that the restaurant was closing, there were still about 10 of us in the restaurant, when it closes you don't let new people in but you should still let those who are there finish. Impeccable service, impeccable cleanliness and 24/7 buffet with plenty of choice! Yorum: Superb hotel, comfortable, clean and inexpensive, great staff, I would happily return 85. Yorum: Nice clean hotel 100. The room, although small, is comfortable, clean and well cleaned. The beach is clean, there is a playground, a bar and toilets. The staff were incredibly rude, including the cleaning staff, who showed no respect for our privacy. The room cleaning is a bit poor. The entire hotel is constantly cleaned. While the staff cleans very quickly and efficiently, this does not mean that you can leave the waste anywhere. The room (Family Suite) was large, very clean, it was cleaned daily. The staff was very well organized, the pool is very clean. We had clean pool and beach towels every day, and the beach ⛱ has no rocks, the entry into the sea is gentle. Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. The staff are friendly and do their best despite the heat to keep everything clean and tidy. The room was clean, cleaning is done upon request. It is constantly open, but it cannot be said to be very clean. The rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels and bottled water in the fridge. The rooms were poorly cleaned and a towel was often forgotten. +The room cleaning is good +The breakfast is good +The entertainment is good +In case of emergency, thanks to the location of the hotel, it is good to be able to meet your needs from places like pharmacies and markets. +The variety of each meal is quite good, but unfortunately it did not appeal to us in terms of taste What we are not satisfied with: -pollution of the pools, while we were among the first to enter the pool in the morning, sharp stones that settled on the bottom hurt our feet throughout the holiday, cleaning of the bottom of the pool is poor -Unfortunately, the area around the pool is dirty, largely due to the negligence and disorder of the guests, but given this situation, everything should be swept at least in the evening. This negatively affects or even prevents cleaning. The loungers are very heavy and cannot be retrieved and rearranged every day, but in a very large and crowded hotel, cleanliness is very important at the meeting point of everyone. It was very nice not to have to worry about cleaning the pool and sun loungers. The play sisters and brothers were caring, kind and attentive to the children, we would especially like to thank our sister Hélin :) The cleaning of the rooms was very good, but the mini-bar and water renewal services were not sufficient.

Rating for Transportation Options: 6.8
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 55
All results text for Transportation Options: The staff is very helpful but does not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information, the shops offer very expensive and poor quality items, the reception does not handle requests correctly: we ask for a taxi to the airport at 5 a.m. for 5 people and they call us a small taxi and tell us that there is nothing else... Last advice if you take a taxi ask the price before and especially ask them to write it down!!! The location of the hotel is 50 minutes by bus to the center and 40 minutes to go to the Mall of Antalya which is next to the airport. The staff is very helpful but does not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information, the shops offer very expensive and poor quality items, the reception does not handle requests correctly: we ask for a taxi to the airport at 5 a.m. It takes about 25 minutes to get to the airport by car. It was a 25 minute drive from the airport, but we had to wait half an hour for those who were late for the … 124. The location of the hotel is 50 minutes by bus to the center and 40 minutes to go to the Mall of Antalya which is next to the airport. Small bus to go to the sea, you have to cross a big road, but it's not a problem there are lights. moreover bus of the bathroom area water leak flowing .... Yorum: Good overall, nice rooms, very clean, wide choice for eating, sea right next door, however not much activity in the evenings, except in the bar but no places, we get bored a lot, lack of space in the restaurant, the waiters clear away too quickly, sometimes we don't even have time to eat that our plates are already gone, waitress too rude (one day I can't find a place to sit at the table, except one with 2 places but being 3 (my husband, my child and me) I add 1 chair and the waitress tells me that I can't, no worries I respect and accept her remark she was absolutely right, seen from a distance it blocked the passage, then I tell her I can't find another place with my plates in hand and she tells me for that I don't know how to help you and do nothing for you (I didn't expect her to go around the restaurant to find me a place but to tell me something other than I don't know how to do anything) a 2nd evening, I come home, I take my dishes and sit down and start eating after 20 minutes the lights go out the restaurant starts to close, we were busy eating a dessert that one of the waitresses almost threw us out saying that the restaurant was closing, there were still about 10 of us in the restaurant, when it closes you don't let new people in but you should still let those who are there finish. From the hotel to Terracity Shopping Center it takes about 30 minutes by bus. The pool is very busy and sometimes it is impossible to find a place to swim comfortably. Extremely busy, too busy, way too many Russians and English, very anti-social people!! The location of the hotel is 50 minutes by bus to the center and 40 minutes to go to the Mall of Antalya which is next to the airport. Yorum: This hotel is of high quality in terms of its very seaside location. Yorum: Hotel to recommend for its unbeatable location, quality price, the staff is very correct, just a small criticism, the room is a bit small and no balcony, otherwise nothing to say, come and see honestly 😜😘 33. Yorum: Very nice location with great activities and excellent food. We were not even informed of the breakfast times or locations upon arrival. +The room cleaning is good +The breakfast is good +The entertainment is good +In case of emergency, thanks to the location of the hotel, it is good to be able to meet your needs from places like pharmacies and markets. Yorum: Good overall, nice rooms, very clean, wide choice for eating, sea right next door, however not much activity in the evenings, except in the bar but no places, we get bored a lot, lack of space in the restaurant, the waiters clear away too quickly, sometimes we don't even have time to eat that our plates are already gone, waitress too rude (one day I can't find a place to sit at the table, except one with 2 places but being 3 (my husband, my child and me) I add 1 chair and the waitress tells me that I can't, no worries I respect and accept her remark she was absolutely right, seen from a distance it blocked the passage, then I tell her I can't find another place with my plates in hand and she tells me for that I don't know how to help you and do nothing for you (I didn't expect her to go around the restaurant to find me a place but to tell me something other than I don't know how to do anything) a 2nd evening, I come home, I take my dishes and sit down and start eating after 20 minutes the lights go out the restaurant starts to close, we were busy eating a dessert that one of the waitresses almost threw us out saying that the restaurant was closing, there were still about 10 of us in the restaurant, when it closes you don't let new people in but you should still let those who are there finish. The distance between the deckchairs is very narrow, extremely uncomfortable. +The walking distance to the sea is good, five minutes maximum, if you wish you can use the shuttle. Beach nearby with shuttle, deckchairs available and free, beach restaurant also available, very good internet connection. Beach nearby with shuttle, deckchairs available and free, beach restaurant also available, very good internet connection. There is a market nearby, Migros, car and mountain bike rentals, a shopping center and pharmacies. +The walking distance to the sea is good, five minutes maximum, if you wish you can use the shuttle. However, the room is small compared to other hotels in the area. moreover bus of the bathroom area water leak flowing .... Huge hotel area, beautiful and large beach, smooth entry into the water, attention to detail, customer care. The area around the pool was dirty, we didn't see any staff coming to help if something was spilled on the floor or there was litter. +The variety of each meal is quite good, but unfortunately it did not appeal to us in terms of taste What we are not satisfied with: -pollution of the pools, while we were among the first to enter the pool in the morning, sharp stones that settled on the bottom hurt our feet throughout the holiday, cleaning of the bottom of the pool is poor -Unfortunately, the area around the pool is dirty, largely due to the negligence and disorder of the guests, but given this situation, everything should be swept at least in the evening. We had a wonderful and safe holiday in a vast area, without having to worry about eating and drinking 24 hours a day. Even with a not very long schedule, certain activities such as beach volleyball are still completely neglected (there is no facilitator there even if it is marked as an activity) which makes it more complicated to find a place in the game in view of the mix of languages. The second small point is the shops because many things are chargeable in the hotel but this is understandable because this is an additional request but in the evening when the parties take place there is a man holding a game where the children enter balls which float on the pool, a funny game and which we thought was included in the all in. Yorum: It is a beautiful hotel, the food is very good and the shows are well presented, ||everyone is respectful, there are also cats everywhere, they are so cute||we can find several restaurants and several bars ||at the beach there is also a place where we can eat. Different places to eat, good choice.. But all this is spoiled by the quality of service, very cold and unprofessional welcome for a 4 star hotel, room not clean on arrival, request for an iron (normal for a 4 star) we are told that it does not exist at their place and that we had to pay for the dry cleaning when a cleaning lady brought us one, a real disgrace!!!!!! Yorum: I am currently at the hotel for the price not too bad what is a shame is that in the evening it is difficult to find a place at the table to have a drink because there are a lot of people, the beach is more or less 400 m there is a hotel shuttle that will take us, the food is correct and I have a room with a terrace on the other hand for those who want to sleep peacefully a little complicated because there is a lot of noise in the evening, last small detail those who want a place by the pool must get up early 43. After a night in the room, the double mattress was broken, badly damaged, back pain afterwards = mattress to replace. no replacement there remains only the liquid soap attached to the shower wall. Yorum: It’s a very beautiful place with a great welcome! Yorum: Run away from this place if you can't stand the crowds and the noise! Yorum: Good overall, nice rooms, very clean, wide choice for eating, sea right next door, however not much activity in the evenings, except in the bar but no places, we get bored a lot, lack of space in the restaurant, the waiters clear away too quickly, sometimes we don't even have time to eat that our plates are already gone, waitress too rude (one day I can't find a place to sit at the table, except one with 2 places but being 3 (my husband, my child and me) I add 1 chair and the waitress tells me that I can't, no worries I respect and accept her remark she was absolutely right, seen from a distance it blocked the passage, then I tell her I can't find another place with my plates in hand and she tells me for that I don't know how to help you and do nothing for you (I didn't expect her to go around the restaurant to find me a place but to tell me something other than I don't know how to do anything) a 2nd evening, I come home, I take my dishes and sit down and start eating after 20 minutes the lights go out the restaurant starts to close, we were busy eating a dessert that one of the waitresses almost threw us out saying that the restaurant was closing, there were still about 10 of us in the restaurant, when it closes you don't let new people in but you should still let those who are there finish. Yorum: I really liked this place, the pools are very good and suitable for children. Yorum: superb place beautiful hotel and magnificent beach. Yorum: Excellent, lively place 103. I would strongly advise avoiding this place at all costs. Yorum: So, I've been to many hotels but this place is just something else. We went to the pool and everything was already full, there was no place to sit, lots of beds, towels but no one on them. The pool is very busy and sometimes it is impossible to find a place to swim comfortably. +The room cleaning is good +The breakfast is good +The entertainment is good +In case of emergency, thanks to the location of the hotel, it is good to be able to meet your needs from places like pharmacies and markets. IT IS A PLACE LOVED BY FOREIGN TOURISTS. It's a place full of people who lack morals and manners. The hot food section of the main restaurant was insufficient as it was located in the same place.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 8.9
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 44
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of quality price: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks throughout the day. Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of price quality: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks. After 5 minutes of negotiations, we were given 3 towels even though we are a family of 5 including 3 children!!! Yorum: This is the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel and I will be returning with my family next year. Great stay with the little family! Yorum: Great family vacation 🧡❤️✨ … 96. Yorum: I recently stayed at this hotel with my family and it was a disaster from start to finish. The room (Family Suite) was large, very clean, it was cleaned daily. Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. The lady at reception reserved a family room with balcony for us even though we had taken a standard room. My family all enjoyed the food, there is something for everyone. Yorum: We stayed in 3 rooms for a family of 9 between August 23rd and 30th. Yorum: I was there for two weeks in September with my wife and my 5 month old baby, I didn't enjoy it at all!!!! Yorum: The hotel is quite nice, 2 large swimming pools and one with slides for children. Several activities for children. However, the activities that do not necessarily require effort, such as step (said like Zumba on the schedule) are completely empty, so children and parents can never do activities together. The second small point is the shops because many things are chargeable in the hotel but this is understandable because this is an additional request but in the evening when the parties take place there is a man holding a game where the children enter balls which float on the pool, a funny game and which we thought was included in the all in. Not at all, the man took two of my children up, sent them out into the water and then told me it cost 10 euros. Our children stayed there to see their favourite and were kicked out the second we left as obviously children can't pay for anything and they understood very well that there was nothing to be gained with children alone. |The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere.|I recommend it. |The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere.|I recommend it. The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. At the children's mini club we met Helin, a very pleasant person who loves her work and who adores children. A children's cinema in the hotel. Yorum: Super nice, everything went well and very good for the children 34. Yorum: 2 beautiful swimming pools plus the 3rd with slides (great for children); the food is good and varied, the kid club entertainers are great. After 5 minutes of negotiations, we were given 3 towels even though we are a family of 5 including 3 children!!! No activities for children and adults. The open-air nightclub where people scream all night is not possible with children. Yorum: I really liked this place, the pools are very good and suitable for children. The hotel has a children's playground, a games room and a cinema. At the end of each day, this club organizes a mini disco for all the children. They are a true example of how to spend time with children. Children come to this club with great enthusiasm, which is good for parents, who can relax and not worry about their child. There are plenty of things for children to do. Special thanks to the children's club "Miniclub". Our children had a lot of fun there and were excited about the activities and care. Yorum: We rested on August 19 for 11 days with my husband and two children (10 years old and 1 year old). Yorum: My children and I are having a wonderful time. +Good 24/7 food and beverage facilities +The swimming pools are divided into three: swimming pool, children's pool and Aqua. and slow for those on the 9th floor -I find it a shame that people are allowed to leave their personal towels and children's pool toys out at the end of the day. Our 3 children spent the whole day there without ever getting bored. The play sisters and brothers were caring, kind and attentive to the children, we would especially like to thank our sister Hélin :) The cleaning of the rooms was very good, but the mini-bar and water renewal services were not sufficient.

Rating for Beach: 7.9
Total number of comments for Beach: 37
All results text for Beach: Beach nearby with shuttle, deckchairs available and free, beach restaurant also available, very good internet connection. Clean beach. Beach nearby with shuttle, deckchairs available and free, beach restaurant also available, very good internet connection. Top animation Clean beach. Even with a not very long schedule, certain activities such as beach volleyball are still completely neglected (there is no facilitator there even if it is marked as an activity) which makes it more complicated to find a place in the game in view of the mix of languages. Very pleasant with the private beach. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. Yorum: It is a beautiful hotel, the food is very good and the shows are well presented, ||everyone is respectful, there are also cats everywhere, they are so cute||we can find several restaurants and several bars ||at the beach there is also a place where we can eat. Yorum: The hotel is well located close to shops and the beach. Yorum: I am currently at the hotel for the price not too bad what is a shame is that in the evening it is difficult to find a place at the table to have a drink because there are a lot of people, the beach is more or less 400 m there is a hotel shuttle that will take us, the food is correct and I have a room with a terrace on the other hand for those who want to sleep peacefully a little complicated because there is a lot of noise in the evening, last small detail those who want a place by the pool must get up early 43. Regarding their private beach, I found it a little neglected, a better layout and organization would not be a luxury!!! Yorum: superb place beautiful hotel and magnificent beach. The beach is clean, there is a playground, a bar and toilets. Sometimes there were discos on the beach. There is a private beach, although the hotel is not located near the sea. But all the infrastructure is on the beach. We had clean pool and beach towels every day, and the beach ⛱ has no rocks, the entry into the sea is gentle. Huge hotel area, beautiful and large beach, smooth entry into the water, attention to detail, customer care. The beach is a 5-minute walk from the hotel. We loved the beach which is included in the all inclusive hotel. Yorum: This hotel is of high quality in terms of its very seaside location. Yorum: Very nice hotel with good staff and activities every evening very close to the sea I recommend!! for families I do not recommend noise pollution every evening (nightclub in the swimming pool) the hotel is not on the seafront you have to... Small bus to go to the sea, you have to cross a big road, but it's not a problem there are lights. The sea is a 5-minute walk away. Yorum: very nice hotel close to the sea 53. To visit during the stay in Antalya the waterfalls and the sea trip Magnificent landscape. Yorum: Good overall, nice rooms, very clean, wide choice for eating, sea right next door, however not much activity in the evenings, except in the bar but no places, we get bored a lot, lack of space in the restaurant, the waiters clear away too quickly, sometimes we don't even have time to eat that our plates are already gone, waitress too rude (one day I can't find a place to sit at the table, except one with 2 places but being 3 (my husband, my child and me) I add 1 chair and the waitress tells me that I can't, no worries I respect and accept her remark she was absolutely right, seen from a distance it blocked the passage, then I tell her I can't find another place with my plates in hand and she tells me for that I don't know how to help you and do nothing for you (I didn't expect her to go around the restaurant to find me a place but to tell me something other than I don't know how to do anything) a 2nd evening, I come home, I take my dishes and sit down and start eating after 20 minutes the lights go out the restaurant starts to close, we were busy eating a dessert that one of the waitresses almost threw us out saying that the restaurant was closing, there were still about 10 of us in the restaurant, when it closes you don't let new people in but you should still let those who are there finish. Yorum: Zero reception service especially a woman who wears glasses she speaks French she is very mean to go to the sea you have to wait a long time for the shuttle restaurant 0000 the food always the same this is not a good Hotel for families I do not recommend this hotel 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 73. Lots of vegetables, fruits, seafood, meat, sweets. It's a 2 minute walk to the sea, there is a golf cart, the sea is warm, but there were strong waves. I only got Wi-Fi at sea occasionally. There is a private beach, although the hotel is not located near the sea. We had clean pool and beach towels every day, and the beach ⛱ has no rocks, the entry into the sea is gentle. +The walking distance to the sea is good, five minutes maximum, if you wish you can use the shuttle. +It is good to have changing rooms, showers, unlimited food and drink options and sun loungers with awnings at sea. It's a 2 minute walk to the sea, there is a golf cart, the sea is warm, but there were strong waves.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 10.0
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 11
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The hotel also has a spa building. You can also get a massage there. I highly recommend massage therapist Mehmet Can, who will skillfully knead all your muscles. Spa with hammam sauna. Spa with hammam sauna. Sauna, hammam, steam room. Ideal for relaxation. Spa with hammam sauna. Spa with hammam sauna. Sauna, hammam, steam room. Sauna, hammam, steam room.

Rating for Party Experience: 9.3
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 8
All results text for Party Experience: The entertainment was good, the dinghies and party night were the best to watch. Great entertainment with a good atmosphere, music every evening, great. Non-existent discotheque, a sort of small pub where there was music of the choice of the customers preferred generally Dutch. when people were taking a shower we heard it upstairs the water was running down the drains the food was not always hot and the fruit was sometimes too hard The entertainment team did not involve people enough in the activities The evening shows have been pretty much the same for 3 years, after the shows last year nothing to do DJ in the bar now Seen once In other hotels much more atmosphere and music However, it left me with great people, a great holiday and wonderful memories. Dancing, DJ, songs, magic tricks. when people were taking a shower we heard it upstairs the water was running down the drains the food was not always hot and the fruit was sometimes too hard The entertainment team did not involve people enough in the activities The evening shows have been pretty much the same for 3 years, after the shows last year nothing to do DJ in the bar now Seen once In other hotels much more atmosphere and music However, it left me with great people, a great holiday and wonderful memories. Dancing, DJ, songs, magic tricks. There are concerts and fun activities every day, we really feel like the Resort has done everything it could to please us!

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 4.5
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 5
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: very good bedding, varied buffet etc etc right next to a bazaar where you can find everything. After a night in the room, the double mattress was broken, badly damaged, back pain afterwards = mattress to replace. the room should not have been sold with the condition of the mattress... Circles, mattresses, hats, etc. Ideal for relaxation.

Rating for Special Menu: 10.0
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 4
All results text for Special Menu: Yorum: Very clean hotel and the various restaurants offer very good meals. Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of quality price: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks throughout the day. Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of price quality: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks. Meals were plentiful, sometimes too much, but well managed.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 10.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 3
All results text for Sports Facilities: Swimming pool and gym, bar, everything is there... There is a gym and several swimming pools. The view from GH was less, we overlooked the tennis court on the back road where the rubbish is on the road, but Grandpark Lara can't do anything about it, it's not their nature.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 8.7
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 3
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: Evening shows by professionals. when people were taking a shower we heard it upstairs the water was running down the drains the food was not always hot and the fruit was sometimes too hard The entertainment team did not involve people enough in the activities The evening shows have been pretty much the same for 3 years, after the shows last year nothing to do DJ in the bar now Seen once In other hotels much more atmosphere and music However, it left me with great people, a great holiday and wonderful memories. Dancing, DJ, songs, magic tricks.

Rating for Honeymoon: 6.9
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 3
All results text for Honeymoon: Very pleasant with the private beach. Regarding their private beach, I found it a little neglected, a better layout and organization would not be a luxury!!! There is a private beach, although the hotel is not located near the sea.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 4.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 2
All results text for Children's Pool Area: +Good 24/7 food and beverage facilities +The swimming pools are divided into three: swimming pool, children's pool and Aqua. and slow for those on the 9th floor -I find it a shame that people are allowed to leave their personal towels and children's pool toys out at the end of the day.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 10.0
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 1
All results text for Pet-Friendly: Yorum: It is a beautiful hotel, the food is very good and the shows are well presented, ||everyone is respectful, there are also cats everywhere, they are so cute||we can find several restaurants and several bars ||at the beach there is also a place where we can eat.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 10.0
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: Ideal for relaxation.

