Hotel Name: Green Park Ankara

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Sports Facilities', 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 9.0
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 159
All results text for Service Quality: Thank you to all the staff. Yorum: The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and their communication is good. Thank you to all the hotel staff. As soon as we entered the room, we went to bed, the bed was creaky, it was impossible to sleep until the morning, the towels in the bathroom were old, we went down for breakfast, everything was very average and ordinary breakfasts in four star hotels, let alone five star, are more varied and high quality than this, sullen staff not to mention that it looks like they are holding us at gunpoint, we made a mistake by asking for Turkish coffee after breakfast, anyway we drank the coffee, at the exit of the restaurant there is a waiter with a POS machine, 2 coffees cost 340 TL 🙄 Anyway, no problem, you can't leave without paying, the lady at the counter said the counter, we said, credit card for breakfast We didn't get out, it's normal, report it to the reception. Yorum: The staff is extremely caring and friendly. The staff is helpful and friendly. I would also like to thank the room service, valet parking and front desk staff. The staff betrays the quality of the hotel. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. Yorum: The hotel is very good in terms of location, the rooms are clean, the staff is polite, it is a hotel that deserves five stars to the end. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. The staff was very friendly. Elif and all the staff who helped us especially during dinner. I would like to especially thank the cleaning staff, Mrs Cennet. Generally the staff are friendly and good-natured. Ankara city center, staff is friendly, rooms are big and the open buffet is 10 out of 10, it was very tasty. I used the semi-Olympic pool, it was clean and quiet, thank you for everything, all the staff was decent and friendly, I felt like I was at home. Many of the issues at Ankara Green Park were thought through down to the smallest detail, and the staff were willing and solution-oriented. The staff at the front desk and reception were friendly. The service staff is quick and practical. Yorum: I only used the lobby, the lobby and front desk staff were friendly and helpful. staff were inexperienced and panicked. Most importantly, the staff is friendly. Rooms - staff - breakfast - location, everything is great. The staff is very friendly, thank you Mrs. The friendliness and professionalism of the staff made us feel at home. I must say that thanks to the reception staff, Mr. I would like to thank all the staff for their hospitality. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. Yorum: First of all, the staff are very polite and friendly. Apart from that the room was very clean and I really enjoyed the breakfast, the staff was friendly. The staff is very attentive. The staff is just kind of decent behavior, blessed are they, they are all grandchildren of the Sultan. Yorum: The location of the hotel and its rooms are great, the staff was very polite, the cleanliness of the rooms was also very good, I will not miss the view, it has a great view. The staff is good in terms of service compared to a city hotel and the location is nice. The cleaning staff, room cleaning, smiling face and attention of the breakfast staff are top notch, I recommend to everyone. Yorum: Warmest regards I would like to thank all the hotel staff, especially Mrs. Yorum: The hotel's location, helpfulness and care of the staff were excellent. Transportation is easy, the rooms are very clean and the staff is honest and friendly. It was very clean and the staff running it were very friendly. Yorum: Rooms are big and clean Food is delicious Meeting facilities are very good Friendly and welcoming staff 92. Yorum: The best in terms of service, cleaning and staff in the region and our capital. Yorum: The hotel where we stayed for the chess tournament was very polite, nice and pleasant, both in terms of the atmosphere and the attention of the staff. The staff is friendly, we would like to thank the spa manager, Mr. We would like to thank all the staff… 100. Yorum: Personally it's very nice, the staff is friendly and the location is very close to the bus station which is also nice. Yorum: Hello, beautiful management of Green Park and dear friends, I would like to thank each and every one of you, my wife and I had a wonderful 4 days, both the kitchen staff and the housekeeper, in short, my wife and I would like. thank the management and staff of Green Park for their services. The bathroom smelled like sewerage, no water came out of the sink, staff was helpful, location was good. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and satisfactory in every respect, but the same cannot be said about the staff. The number of staff is sufficient, but they are not polite. Yorum: The staff was very friendly but the food choices in the restaurant were limited and the quality of the food was very poor. |The staff were polite and friendly. Communication with staff was good. Yorum: Don't be fooled by the 5 star rating, the only beauty of the hotel is that it looks terrible from the outside, the staff is never interested, never helpful and if you say it's a very expensive breakfast, it's a total fiasco. The kindness and sincerity of the hotel staff, room cleaning, food and drinks, everything was really nice. The staff is very caring. I also received a sweet offer that I could get a discount on my next stay, thank you so much to those who are interested.) The restaurant staff were very sweet and the food and treats were very nice. The staff are professional and polite, the breakfast is very good and has a lot of variety, the pool and spa are excellent, very clean and decent. It is very sensitive to ask for thoughts and suggestions from customer service the day after your stay. Yorum: Everything was very nice, I would especially like to thank the head of customer service. As you know, when we didn’t come to breakfast with a card, luckily an employee who thought he was helpful (!) came to our aid and we were able to go to our room. The staff is helpful and friendly. Yorum: I only used the lobby, the lobby and front desk staff were friendly and helpful. They were very helpful. Yorum: The hotel's location, helpfulness and care of the staff were excellent. The bathroom smelled like sewerage, no water came out of the sink, staff was helpful, location was good. Yorum: Don't be fooled by the 5 star rating, the only beauty of the hotel is that it looks terrible from the outside, the staff is never interested, never helpful and if you say it's a very expensive breakfast, it's a total fiasco. Thank you to all the staff. Yorum: The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and their communication is good. Thank you to all the hotel staff. As soon as we entered the room, we went to bed, the bed was creaky, it was impossible to sleep until the morning, the towels in the bathroom were old, we went down for breakfast, everything was very average and ordinary breakfasts in four star hotels, let alone five star, are more varied and high quality than this, sullen staff not to mention that it looks like they are holding us at gunpoint, we made a mistake by asking for Turkish coffee after breakfast, anyway we drank the coffee, at the exit of the restaurant there is a waiter with a POS machine, 2 coffees cost 340 TL 🙄 Anyway, no problem, you can't leave without paying, the lady at the counter said the counter, we said, credit card for breakfast We didn't get out, it's normal, report it to the reception. Yorum: The staff is extremely caring and friendly. The staff is helpful and friendly. I would also like to thank the room service, valet parking and front desk staff. The staff betrays the quality of the hotel. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. Yorum: The hotel is very good in terms of location, the rooms are clean, the staff is polite, it is a hotel that deserves five stars to the end. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. The staff was very friendly. Elif and all the staff who helped us especially during dinner. I would like to especially thank the cleaning staff, Mrs Cennet. Generally the staff are friendly and good-natured. Ankara city center, staff is friendly, rooms are big and the open buffet is 10 out of 10, it was very tasty. I used the semi-Olympic pool, it was clean and quiet, thank you for everything, all the staff was decent and friendly, I felt like I was at home. Many of the issues at Ankara Green Park were thought through down to the smallest detail, and the staff were willing and solution-oriented. The staff at the front desk and reception were friendly. The service staff is quick and practical. Yorum: I only used the lobby, the lobby and front desk staff were friendly and helpful. staff were inexperienced and panicked. Most importantly, the staff is friendly. Rooms - staff - breakfast - location, everything is great. The staff is very friendly, thank you Mrs. The friendliness and professionalism of the staff made us feel at home. I must say that thanks to the reception staff, Mr. I would like to thank all the staff for their hospitality. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. Yorum: First of all, the staff are very polite and friendly. Apart from that the room was very clean and I really enjoyed the breakfast, the staff was friendly. The staff is very attentive. The staff is just kind of decent behavior, blessed are they, they are all grandchildren of the Sultan. Yorum: The location of the hotel and its rooms are great, the staff was very polite, the cleanliness of the rooms was also very good, I will not miss the view, it has a great view. The staff is good in terms of service compared to a city hotel and the location is nice. The cleaning staff, room cleaning, smiling face and attention of the breakfast staff are top notch, I recommend to everyone. Yorum: Warmest regards I would like to thank all the hotel staff, especially Mrs. Yorum: The hotel's location, helpfulness and care of the staff were excellent. Transportation is easy, the rooms are very clean and the staff is honest and friendly. It was very clean and the staff running it were very friendly. Yorum: Rooms are big and clean Food is delicious Meeting facilities are very good Friendly and welcoming staff 92. Yorum: The best in terms of service, cleaning and staff in the region and our capital. Yorum: The hotel where we stayed for the chess tournament was very polite, nice and pleasant, both in terms of the atmosphere and the attention of the staff. The staff is friendly, we would like to thank the spa manager, Mr. We would like to thank all the staff… 100. Yorum: Personally it's very nice, the staff is friendly and the location is very close to the bus station which is also nice. Yorum: Hello, beautiful management of Green Park and dear friends, I would like to thank each and every one of you, my wife and I had a wonderful 4 days, both the kitchen staff and the housekeeper, in short, my wife and I would like. thank the management and staff of Green Park for their services. The bathroom smelled like sewerage, no water came out of the sink, staff was helpful, location was good. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and satisfactory in every respect, but the same cannot be said about the staff. The number of staff is sufficient, but they are not polite. Yorum: The staff was very friendly but the food choices in the restaurant were limited and the quality of the food was very poor. |The staff were polite and friendly. Communication with staff was good. Yorum: Don't be fooled by the 5 star rating, the only beauty of the hotel is that it looks terrible from the outside, the staff is never interested, never helpful and if you say it's a very expensive breakfast, it's a total fiasco. The kindness and sincerity of the hotel staff, room cleaning, food and drinks, everything was really nice. The staff is very caring. I also received a sweet offer that I could get a discount on my next stay, thank you so much to those who are interested.) The restaurant staff were very sweet and the food and treats were very nice. The staff are professional and polite, the breakfast is very good and has a lot of variety, the pool and spa are excellent, very clean and decent. The cleaning service was 0. Once you enter the hotel, authorized friends provide valet parking service for your car, the friends working in the lobby are very attentive and solution-oriented. The restaurant is open 24 hours a day and room service is available. I received this service from Mrs. Yorum: In such chain hotels, people inevitably dream of a place where they feel exceptional in terms of service and attitude, but this was a disappointment from start to finish. I would also like to thank the room service, valet parking and front desk staff. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. It is very sensitive to ask for thoughts and suggestions from customer service the day after your stay. Room service is not bad. The service staff is quick and practical. Yorum: Breakfasts were very varied, the service was very polite. It offered a truly excellent experience with its central location, modern, simple and comfortable rooms and great service. We were pleased with the service. Their quality of service and commitment to customer satisfaction were truly admirable. Yorum: From now on, my only choice for clean rooms, friendly service and quality accommodation… 55. When the cleaning service came and looked in, there was no problem, but even the cooks were bothered by the smell of sewage, even though they changed rooms, they demanded an additional fee, it's scary to think about it, you will sleep in the sewage, you pay for it, we had to stay in that room with the children, even though there was no hygiene there, they didn't. floors, for his kindness and service. The staff is good in terms of service compared to a city hotel and the location is nice. I recommend this hotel to stay in Ankara, with excellent transportation and service. Gizem for the excellent service at the hotel where I stayed for 3 days... Yorum: The hotel is very comfortable and the quality of service is also quite good. Yorum: From my first experience, it is a very reasonable, high-quality and friendly welcome service, I recommend it, thank you. Yorum: The best in terms of service, cleaning and staff in the region and our capital. Yorum: Everything was very nice, I would especially like to thank the head of customer service. Yorum: This is a difficult hotel to rate due to its extreme service standards. thank the management and staff of Green Park for their services. Yorum: We were very pleased, our room was very clean, as was the room service. Only the cook in the breakfast area provides 5-star service. You pay a lot of money, but the quality of service is poor 123. Yorum: Beautiful hotel in a very nice location, breakfast and service were very nice. Yorum: Thank you very much for the opportunities, interest and nice service you provided. Yorum: The service is very good the food is very tasty the rooms are very clean thanks for everything

Rating for Transportation Options: 8.9
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 85
All results text for Transportation Options: I recommend this hotel to stay in Ankara, with excellent transportation and service. Transportation is easy, the rooms are very clean and the staff is honest and friendly. Excellent transport connections. I recommend this hotel to stay in Ankara, with excellent transportation and service. Transportation is easy, the rooms are very clean and the staff is honest and friendly. Yorum: During my business trip, I prefer Greenpark Hotel in Ankara region. Congratulations, that's good business. Yorum: As someone who travels frequently for business and has stayed in many hotel groups around the world, both well-known ones like Marriott, Sheraton, Hilton and boutique hotels, I can confidently say that this is definitely… 17. Sefa, who runs the SPA and Fitness business. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. Yorum: This is one of the hotels I consistently use when traveling for business. Preferred for business trips. You can stay for both business and family purposes. I always use and recommend this place during my business trips to Ankara. Yorum: We stayed for business purposes, the rooms are clean and decent, but I can't say I liked the food very much. Yorum: I was there on business and I don't know about the prices, but the room, breakfast and food were okay, nothing special. Yorum: Personally it's very nice, the staff is friendly and the location is very close to the bus station which is also nice. Yorum: This is the best and cleanest of The Green Park hotels that I have used during my business trips. Yorum: I stayed for 2 nights due to a business trip and I definitely do not recommend it! As a hotelier and tourism professional, such people need to undergo training, but it is very difficult. Even though we were with a large group at the training seminars, we were treated personally and provided with particularly individual solutions, thank you Mrs. I had the opportunity to participate in a training course at the Ministry of Health. Yorum: I stayed 2 nights for training. Comment: Parking problem 2. There is no problem with parking. Once you enter the hotel, authorized friends provide valet parking service for your car, the friends working in the lobby are very attentive and solution-oriented. I would also like to thank the room service, valet parking and front desk staff. I used the Covered Parking, the entrance is a convenient place, easy to park. As for parking, this is an extremely dangerous closed car park, be careful, at any moment a vehicle could appear on your way back!! Yorum: The rooms are classic hotel rooms in a green park, the location is great but the breakfast is average f/p 👎🏻 the elevators going to the parking lot smell like sewage, the blonde in the black suit standing at the reception is sometimes very rude and sometimes very nice, I couldn't understand it.. The location is quite good, it is a central place, close to shopping center, cafes, metro etc. The location is very close to the central shopping center and the city's vibrant neighborhoods. Yorum: The hotel is situated in a very convenient location. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. Yorum: The hotel is very good in terms of location, the rooms are clean, the staff is polite, it is a hotel that deserves five stars to the end. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. Yorum: The location is good, but the only problem is that the hotel has too many Russian tourists with cars (!). I think the location is very central and clean. Yorum: The hotel has a convenient location. Yorum: The location is nice. A good location makes it attractive. The location is also good. Yorum: The hotel was very good in terms of location. Rooms - staff - breakfast - location, everything is great. It offered a truly excellent experience with its central location, modern, simple and comfortable rooms and great service. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good. Yorum: The rooms are classic hotel rooms in a green park, the location is great but the breakfast is average f/p 👎🏻 the elevators going to the parking lot smell like sewage, the blonde in the black suit standing at the reception is sometimes very rude and sometimes very nice, I couldn't understand it.. Yorum: The location of the hotel and its rooms are great, the staff was very polite, the cleanliness of the rooms was also very good, I will not miss the view, it has a great view. The staff is good in terms of service compared to a city hotel and the location is nice. Yorum: The hotel's location, helpfulness and care of the staff were excellent. Yorum: The hotel's location is perfect, everything is very close, but I deducted one star for the lack of air conditioning in the room, I think air conditioning is required in every room, because they had a winter tariff the room was burning. Yorum: Personally it's very nice, the staff is friendly and the location is very close to the bus station which is also nice. The bathroom smelled like sewerage, no water came out of the sink, staff was helpful, location was good. The location is very nice. Yorum: The location of the hotel was very good. Yorum: Beautiful hotel in a very nice location, breakfast and service were very nice. The location is quite good. Yorum: The location was beautiful and the lobby was nice, but some of the waiters were incredibly poor. Yorum: The Green Park Hotel After making the reservation, I went directly to the hotel (from a distance), we were greeted with a message: "You did not specify that you are a child, we have to charge an additional fee." When I said that something like that wasn't possible and if you have the audio recordings, listen to them, they said that maybe you didn't state the ages of the children. Since we came from far away, we asked for a nearby restaurant. Nearby there are restaurants, shopping centers and a park. The location is quite good, it is a central place, close to shopping center, cafes, metro etc. The location is very close to the central shopping center and the city's vibrant neighborhoods. I think the location is very central and clean. It offered a truly excellent experience with its central location, modern, simple and comfortable rooms and great service. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. Yorum: On March 31, the air conditioning in the rooms did not turn on because it was connected to the central installation, it was very hot, and because the toilet and bathroom in the room did not have external doors, there was a big problem with an unpleasant smell. Common areas were clean and tidy. If it's available in the area I go to, I definitely prefer it. Yorum: The hotel is located in a nice and quiet area, the only problem is that the toilet door is open. Only the cook in the breakfast area provides 5-star service. The location is quite good, it is a central place, close to shopping center, cafes, metro etc. Yorum: In such chain hotels, people inevitably dream of a place where they feel exceptional in terms of service and attitude, but this was a disappointment from start to finish. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. I used the Covered Parking, the entrance is a convenient place, easy to park. Like our other featured hotels that charge minibar prices, this place is also looking to profit from its minibar. This is never a place you go with your family. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in Ankara! I always use and recommend this place during my business trips to Ankara. It's just that this place is close to everything. Yorum: I can say that it is the best hotel with the best price-quality ratio, the rooms are big and useful but some furniture needs to be replaced due to aging. Yorum: The hotel is situated in a very convenient location.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 8.5
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 72
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. The cleanliness and size of the rooms are very good. Yorum: The cleanliness of the rooms was insufficient, the food was very poor, I must say it was not edible at all. Yorum: The hotel was very nice in terms of cleanliness. This is evident in the size of the rooms and the importance they attach to cleanliness. Yorum: The location of the hotel and its rooms are great, the staff was very polite, the cleanliness of the rooms was also very good, I will not miss the view, it has a great view. Cleanliness is considered average. Yorum: The cleanliness in the hotel is a disaster. I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone who cares even a little about cleanliness. The hotel is located close to all entertainment attractions, cleanliness and breakfast are very good. The rooms are large, comfortable and very clean, hygiene is highly valued. We are grateful for the hygiene of the rooms, the taste of the food and, most importantly, the attention they showed during our stay. When the cleaning service came and looked in, there was no problem, but even the cooks were bothered by the smell of sewage, even though they changed rooms, they demanded an additional fee, it's scary to think about it, you will sleep in the sewage, you pay for it, we had to stay in that room with the children, even though there was no hygiene there, they didn't. I am very pleased with Suzan, the cleaning lady at your hotel, whose name I found out by asking her. Yorum: The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and their communication is good. The pool, Turkish bath, steam bath and Finnish bath are clean and quiet, but why is there no dressing room in the men's section or hangers in the showers and toilets? He was happy when we asked him to clean the room. The cleaning service was 0. The rooms are large, comfortable and very clean, hygiene is highly valued. Yorum: It is very clean, the room is comfortable and the products used are of high quality. The rooms and interior of the hotel are spotlessly clean. The cleaning is very good. Yorum: Every day, without exception, the cleaning lady throws slippers, napkins, GARBAGE BAGS, you read that right, GARBAGE BAGS, out of the windows of the rooms. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. A clean, quiet facility worth staying at. Yorum: The hotel is very good in terms of location, the rooms are clean, the staff is polite, it is a hotel that deserves five stars to the end. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. The room was cleaned, the windows were awful, the third bed brought into the room was awful. The cleanliness and size of the rooms are very good. I think the location is very central and clean. I would like to especially thank the cleaning staff, Mrs Cennet. I used the semi-Olympic pool, it was clean and quiet, thank you for everything, all the staff was decent and friendly, I felt like I was at home. Yorum: The rooms are clean and daily cleaning is adequate. The rooms were clean. It took us 15 minutes of waiting for a clean cup to get a cup of tea. Common areas were clean and tidy. Yorum: The cleanliness of the rooms was insufficient, the food was very poor, I must say it was not edible at all. Yorum: The hotel was very nice in terms of cleanliness. Yorum: From now on, my only choice for clean rooms, friendly service and quality accommodation… 55. The food is great and it is a spotlessly clean hotel. This is evident in the size of the rooms and the importance they attach to cleanliness. Apart from that the room was very clean and I really enjoyed the breakfast, the staff was friendly. The daily cleaning was also nice. When the cleaning service came and looked in, there was no problem, but even the cooks were bothered by the smell of sewage, even though they changed rooms, they demanded an additional fee, it's scary to think about it, you will sleep in the sewage, you pay for it, we had to stay in that room with the children, even though there was no hygiene there, they didn't. Yorum: The location of the hotel and its rooms are great, the staff was very polite, the cleanliness of the rooms was also very good, I will not miss the view, it has a great view. Yorum: We stayed for business purposes, the rooms are clean and decent, but I can't say I liked the food very much. The cleaning staff, room cleaning, smiling face and attention of the breakfast staff are top notch, I recommend to everyone. Yorum: I stayed one night, the welcome was friendly, the rooms were clean, thank you for everything. Yorum: Overall, it is a clean hotel. Transportation is easy, the rooms are very clean and the staff is honest and friendly. It was very clean and the staff running it were very friendly. It was very clean and the temperature in the sauna was great. Yorum: Rooms are big and clean Food is delicious Meeting facilities are very good Friendly and welcoming staff 92. Yorum: The best in terms of service, cleaning and staff in the region and our capital. Yorum: I had a very nice, clean and comfortable experience at the hotel, thank you. The rooms were clean. The room, bathroom and toilet were very dirty, not cleaned, and the bathroom had a very unpleasant smell. Cleanliness is considered average. Yorum: We were very pleased, our room was very clean, as was the room service. The rooms are not clean. The kindness and sincerity of the hotel staff, room cleaning, food and drinks, everything was really nice. Yorum: The cleanliness in the hotel is a disaster. I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone who cares even a little about cleanliness. Yorum: This is the best and cleanest of The Green Park hotels that I have used during my business trips. The hotel is located close to all entertainment attractions, cleanliness and breakfast are very good. The staff are professional and polite, the breakfast is very good and has a lot of variety, the pool and spa are excellent, very clean and decent. Cennet Uçar, the room cleaner, is a very nice and very kind person. Yorum: The rooms were clean, but there was a very strong and disturbing smell coming from the bathroom. The hotel in Ankara is clean,… 142. Yorum: The service is very good the food is very tasty the rooms are very clean thanks for everything

Rating for Water Slides: 8.3
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 26
All results text for Water Slides: The pool, Turkish bath, steam bath and Finnish bath are clean and quiet, but why is there no dressing room in the men's section or hangers in the showers and toilets? The spa section, swimming pool, fitness and massages are really excellent. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. You can do sports with your family or alone and enjoy swimming in the spacious pool with a high ceiling (the water level is constantly checked). Not to mention they charge so much and charge a pool fee. The swimming pool is subject to a fee. I used the semi-Olympic pool, it was clean and quiet, thank you for everything, all the staff was decent and friendly, I felt like I was at home. Price in terms of performance You can stay elsewhere for the same price for a pool. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. Yorum: We stayed for 5 days, even though everything was included in the price, we were charged 35 TL for tea in the lobby, we paid 150 TL for the pool, the food was not good, we only ate it because we were hungry. Yorum: When booking at the hotel, it was not stated that there was a fee for using the pool. When we went to the hotel, we asked for a fee, therefore the POOL was not used. Yorum: This is the first time I have encountered a five-star hotel charging an extra fee for a swimming pool. The staff are professional and polite, the breakfast is very good and has a lot of variety, the pool and spa are excellent, very clean and decent. You can do sports with your family or alone and enjoy swimming in the spacious pool with a high ceiling (the water level is constantly checked). Clothes, water, etc. But in the room I stayed in, the shower head was mounted on the ceiling and from there the water leaked into the wall, and that water flowed towards the light fixture. You again ask for essentials like toilet paper and water. The bathroom smelled like sewerage, no water came out of the sink, staff was helpful, location was good. I drank 1 water in the room. While washing, water spilled out of the bathroom door. The spa section, swimming pool, fitness and massages are really excellent. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. You can do sports with your family or alone and enjoy swimming in the spacious pool with a high ceiling (the water level is constantly checked). The swimming pool is subject to a fee. Yorum: This is the first time I have encountered a five-star hotel charging an extra fee for a swimming pool.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 8.4
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 16
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The spa section, swimming pool, fitness and massages are really excellent. Sefa, who runs the SPA and Fitness business. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. Yorum: We only use the spa and as a family we are very pleased. The staff is friendly, we would like to thank the spa manager, Mr. The staff are professional and polite, the breakfast is very good and has a lot of variety, the pool and spa are excellent, very clean and decent. As for the spa - they charge 150 liras for entry. The spa section, swimming pool, fitness and massages are really excellent. Yorum: We went for a massage. We did not feel any relief after the massage either. My expectations for the massage were indeed higher, but it was still good. Yorum: Today, at my wife's request, I used the spa, Turkish bath and sauna. It was a quiet weekday and there was no one else in the Turkish bath and sauna except me. It was very clean and the temperature in the sauna was great. When I looked up, I realized that the ceiling was moldy, which is very dangerous to human health. I had the opportunity to participate in a training course at the Ministry of Health.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 5.9
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 15
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Even though we feel embarrassed by the noise that can occur when using the toilet, even with family, thinking about such a plan seemed pointless. Yorum: We stayed with our family in a triple room for two nights. You can do sports with your family or alone and enjoy swimming in the spacious pool with a high ceiling (the water level is constantly checked). Everyone who worked there was very friendly and provided a family atmosphere. In addition, I would like to note that it is not very suitable for a family vacation, because... This is never a place you go with your family. You can stay for both business and family purposes. Yorum: We owe our sincere gratitude to the Green Park Ankara family. Yorum: We only use the spa and as a family we are very pleased. Yorum: It was a pleasant stay for my family. Yorum: We came with our 6-month-old baby, the maid Mrs. Yorum: The Green Park Hotel After making the reservation, I went directly to the hotel (from a distance), we were greeted with a message: "You did not specify that you are a child, we have to charge an additional fee." When I said that something like that wasn't possible and if you have the audio recordings, listen to them, they said that maybe you didn't state the ages of the children. We are all children of this country. When the cleaning service came and looked in, there was no problem, but even the cooks were bothered by the smell of sewage, even though they changed rooms, they demanded an additional fee, it's scary to think about it, you will sleep in the sewage, you pay for it, we had to stay in that room with the children, even though there was no hygiene there, they didn't. The staff is just kind of decent behavior, blessed are they, they are all grandchildren of the Sultan.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 6.6
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 15
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Even though we feel embarrassed by the noise that can occur when using the toilet, even with family, thinking about such a plan seemed pointless. Yorum: We stayed with our family in a triple room for two nights. You can do sports with your family or alone and enjoy swimming in the spacious pool with a high ceiling (the water level is constantly checked). Everyone who worked there was very friendly and provided a family atmosphere. In addition, I would like to note that it is not very suitable for a family vacation, because... This is never a place you go with your family. You can stay for both business and family purposes. Yorum: We owe our sincere gratitude to the Green Park Ankara family. Yorum: We only use the spa and as a family we are very pleased. Yorum: It was a pleasant stay for my family. Yorum: The hotel looks okay but we went there on Christmas Eve, we booked two rooms for our kids and us, on the 12th floor there were 4 rooms between two rooms so we asked them to dress our kids up as our loved ones because the smell of sewage in the rooms was at its peak. Yorum: The Green Park Hotel After making the reservation, I went directly to the hotel (from a distance), we were greeted with a message: "You did not specify that you are a child, we have to charge an additional fee." When I said that something like that wasn't possible and if you have the audio recordings, listen to them, they said that maybe you didn't state the ages of the children. We are all children of this country. When the cleaning service came and looked in, there was no problem, but even the cooks were bothered by the smell of sewage, even though they changed rooms, they demanded an additional fee, it's scary to think about it, you will sleep in the sewage, you pay for it, we had to stay in that room with the children, even though there was no hygiene there, they didn't. The staff is just kind of decent behavior, blessed are they, they are all grandchildren of the Sultan.

Rating for Special Menu: 8.1
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 4
All results text for Special Menu: Their meals, salads and appetizers were good, but the desserts were a bit average. Some days meals become repetitive. The rooms were spacious, the meals and breakfast were satisfying enough. Yorum: The rooms are comfortable but the main meals are insufficient and tasteless, the dessert and salad options are sufficient and tasty.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 10.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 3
All results text for Sports Facilities: The spa section, swimming pool, fitness and massages are really excellent. Sefa, who runs the SPA and Fitness business. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully.

