Otel İsmi: Hotel Olimpiyat

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.5
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 361
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: A hotel within the Yaşmak Hotels chain, the service quality is very good, the staff is friendly and conscious. Comment: The hotel has an excellent location with its price and service quality. Comment: The hotel is very good in terms of location, security and staff. The rooms are cleaned every day, the breakfast is good and all the staff are really helpful. The staff is friendly and attentive. The hotel is clean and the staff is friendly and hardworking. Comment: The hotel was really great in terms of both cleanliness and staff. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. My advice to you is do not stay at this hotel, which does not value its customers at all and employs staff who are beating the heck out of you in the early hours of the morning. The staff was very attentive and kind, the cleaning was great, we were satisfied, we recommend you to come...... Comment: The reception staff is very friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day and it is a very safe hotel. Very friendly staff, was there exactly 4 times. The employees, cleaning staff etc. Comment: First of all, the staff, tobacco, all the employees are very attentive, the hotel is the most beautiful hotel you can stay in, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the breakfast is good, thank you for everything, my respects and greetings from Konya to the Olympic family 15. Comment: I spent my holiday as a traveler this year and stayed in 5 star hotels in all the cities I visited, but the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms in this beautiful hotel belonging to the Yaşmak group deserves not five stars but all stars. The staff is very polite, especially Hasan and Sati, who work at the reception, were very helpful. Comment: I was pleased with the attention and concern of the staff and employees ||Many thanks to Hasan and Burak ||For their attention ||The fact that the hotel is close to everywhere ||And walking distance is my biggest choice ||And the fact that the hotel is clean and reliable ||All the staff and employees are smiling ||Thanks …!!! Comment: A hotel within the Yaşmak Hotels chain, the service quality is very good, the staff is friendly and conscious. Comment: The staff was great, the hotel was very clean, I recommend it to everyone, I just arrived, greetings and love from Germany, Turkan 29. Comment: I recommend the hotel to everyone, everything was very nice, clean, friendly staff.... Comment: Friendly nice staff very good location perfect. The staff was friendly and efficient. The staff was warm and welcoming. The staff were wonderful, especially the receptionist Hasan, who was extremely warm and funny. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Comment: What I personally liked was that the staff were always helpful and answered any questions customers wanted to know, they were extremely reserved and discreet. Comment: This hotel has the friendliest staff I have ever met. The staff are not unfriendly, but they are happy if you choose not to speak to them. The staff was wonderful and the room was stylish and clean. Very nice staff and service, which is very helpful. We had cai (tea) in the lobby but the reception staff tried to charge double the price when the real price of 20TL was clearly displayed on the board. When the housekeeping staff saw us leaving our rooms with suitcases, they offered no help and quickly disappeared. A charming environment with wonderful staff, it is wonderful to visit such a hotel, I recommend everyone to come here and have a pleasant time. The staff needs a class in customer service. Hotel staff (except cleaning staff) were unfriendly, not service oriented at all. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! Responsive staff, they help with any questions (in English of course, they try to understand even if you don't know the language). The only positive aspect of the hotel was that it was centrally located and the staff was very polite. My mother and I were staying in one room and the hotel staff were entering our rooms at any time, especially at night, WITHOUT TAKING OUT THE MASTERKEY. Extremely ill-mannered, unsafe and dangerous hotel staff! Never stay at this hotel, especially women, because the hotel staff is ill-intentioned and there is no one to listen to your complaints. Comment: Super good hotel, good opportunity in the heart of Sultan Ahmed and the Hagia Sophia mosque hotel staff are friendly people, if you have any questions you will receive the same good services. The staff is extremely bad-mannered, doesn't know how to talk civilly and thinks they can enter a room whenever they want without knocking on the door and using the master key for room cleaning purposes! The hotel staff is extremely disgusting and there is no one to listen to your complaints!.. Otherwise nice staff. The rooms were kept as clean as possible by the very friendly and helpful staff. The staff is polite, responsive and speaks fluent Russian. First of all, many thanks to the welcoming staff! Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! Comment: Great service, very good treatment by staff. Room service was great, as were the breakfasts, and all the staff took care of you in the best way possible.|Breakfasts were amazing and schedules were very flexible.|Overall a great hotel to stay in👍🏻 … 116. Comment: Close to Hagia Sophia, close to Top Kapa Palace, polite staff, money can be exchanged at reasonable prices at the reception, a variety of delicious breakfasts, the coffee machine makes excellent coffee with cream, on one side there is a street with cafes, on the other side there is a courtyard with tombs. The staff is very nice and helpful. The staff is rude except for the professional cleaning lady. The hotel is simple but very clean, the staff is very friendly and ready for our requests and suggestions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Comment: Welcoming, helpful staff. Very friendly staff. Comment: The hotel is in the centre, a few hundred metres from the Sultanahmet Mosque and Hagia Sophia, reasonable prices and very friendly, social and helpful staff... The staff was very kind and willing to help with anything. Comment: The staff is friendly and helpful to their customers. Excellent location, good, clean room, good breakfast and excellent service from both receptionists and staff. Comment: Very good hotel, close to the old city, Gulhane Park, tram station, ferry, marmaris station|Sultanahmet,|Very nice tasty breakfast|Small rooms|Affordable prices|We can make a reservation by phone |Reception and all staff are good.. Friendly helpful staff. The staff is friendly. Very friendly staff. The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable. Some rooms are small but staff are willing to change rooms - just ask. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when trying to sort out our transportation to the airport. Comment: Hotel staff is very helpful, especially Siddik, Hasan and Burak. The staff is very friendly. The staff is very friendly, smiling and helpful. Thank you to the staff for your care and attention! Comment: Super friendly and helpful staff, not far from the Grand Bazaar, Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. Most of the time the front desk staff was away. Comment: Very clean, practical hotel, welcoming staff. The staff was courteous and I felt comfortable. The staff at the reception was very cooperative. The staff is friendly. Friendly staff. Small room but nice Staff. The staff is friendly. At the lobby, the reception staff doesn't even greet you (gentleman who is always there in the morning) WHAT WE LIKED HERE WAS THE CLEANING STAFF WHO ASKED IF EVERYTHING WAS OK, IF YOU NEED ANYTHING, HOW YOU ARE, IF THE ROOMS ARE OK (THE MAN ALWAYS STAFF ON THE UPPER FLOOR 6TH. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the prices are straightforward, Wi-Fi is included, and the rooms are clean. Comment: We stayed for a week with a group of 33 people and the hotel was clean, very central, very comfortable and the staff were very friendly. Comment: Everything was perfect, they put a soft pillow and a hard pillow, the rooms were well cleaned, the staff at the reception people were very nice and very friendly, honestly I will come back 201. The service was great, the staff helpful the area only got 3 stars, the room was too small for my taste. The staff is polite. Comment: A very good hotel in the centre of everything Fatih is known for, with very attentive staff. Extremely friendly staff, excellent and plentiful breakfast buffet. Comment: The hotel looked good and was also clean but the staff could have tried harder to look after their guests. The staff was polite, especially the receptionist. Comment: Friendly staff. Comment: Super friendly staff, very helpful, clean and good food. helpful staff and easy access to public transportation. Friendly staff. Very hygienic, very friendly staff and delicious food! Comment: Very very nice reception staff|Helpful|Translation, taxi booking, excursions|3 person room is ok|2 person room is a bit small|And second room for 2 person is ok |Breakfast is ok || 230. Comment: A comfortable hotel, I spent 7 nights in this hotel, friendly staff, food with a different menu every day... The staff was very friendly and helpful, highly recommended. The staff is very nice, always available. Clean room and kind staff, simple breakfast Good internet, I highly recommend it. There are no intoxicants, the staff is respectful, there is a breakfast buffet and it is very close to the tram, 60 meters from the markets, Jalhanah and Sultan Ahmed. Comment: Super attentive staff, the hotel I recommend, super well located in the heart of the city, very close 👍👏 … 252. Ozgur is great!!|If you are looking for a hotel where the staff is friendly, everything is hygienic and right in the center, you should choose this hotel! printer always available and very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Comment: I booked for one night but extended for two more nights, it was much better than I expected, very clean, good location, very helpful staff and a good breakfast for 255. Comment: The staff is friendly and takes very good care of their guests. Comment: The carpet in the room is completely dirty, the breakfast buffet leaves much to be desired, the treatment of the staff is terrible, definitely not recommended, we will never return! Comment: We had a holiday in December 2019, we arrived in Istanbul at 8:00 in the morning, we checked in immediately, we did not have to wait, very clean, comfortable hotel, good breakfast, friendly staff, the room was cleaned very well, the bed and towels were changed every day. Friendly staff, very clean 263. Courteous staff. Comment: All staff are very friendly and cooperative. Comment: Very nice staff. Lovely staff and always available. Comment: Perfect location, close to the grand bazaar, cleanliness, staff approach is perfect.|||| Food is good, close to the Bosphorus River, historical center, reasonable prices, close to handicraft shops. Comment: Staff were great, service was great. Comment: This hotel has a good location, the rooms are comfortable, the breakfast is great and the staff is very helpful, I couldn't ask for better olympic 276. Comment: In this hotel you will find a very welcoming and clean environment, staff always willing to serve and a good breakfast. Very professional and helpful staff.||I recommend and will come again. Location, staff, breakfast are good. Comment: Very clean and the staff is very well-intentioned. Comment: It was a nice stay, the place was comfortable, the staff was very friendly and helpful. Friendly staff, very clean 289. Comment: Very good for a long time, but the hotel is only a 2 star hotel, breakfast is simple and bad, staff is super nice. Comment: Excellent location, excellent hotel for three stars, delicious breakfast, clean rooms, non-Russian speaking staff 308. Comment: Super nice hotel, warm staff etc. Comment: The staff is very polite. Comment: Very central Great breakfast Clean Great atmosphere Staff very friendly 315. Comment: Clean and friendly staff, only drawback is that some rooms have windows facing the wall 320. The staff needs a class in customer service. Very friendly staff, was there exactly 4 times. Comment: I recommend the hotel to everyone, everything was very nice, clean, friendly staff.... Very friendly staff. Very friendly staff. Friendly staff. Extremely friendly staff, excellent and plentiful breakfast buffet. Comment: Friendly staff. Comment: Super friendly staff, very helpful, clean and good food. Friendly staff. Very hygienic, very friendly staff and delicious food! Comment: A comfortable hotel, I spent 7 nights in this hotel, friendly staff, food with a different menu every day... Comment: We had a holiday in December 2019, we arrived in Istanbul at 8:00 in the morning, we checked in immediately, we did not have to wait, very clean, comfortable hotel, good breakfast, friendly staff, the room was cleaned very well, the bed and towels were changed every day. Friendly staff, very clean 263. Friendly staff, very clean 289. Comment: Clean and friendly staff, only drawback is that some rooms have windows facing the wall 320. The rooms are cleaned every day, the breakfast is good and all the staff are really helpful. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. The staff is very polite, especially Hasan and Sati, who work at the reception, were very helpful. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Comment: What I personally liked was that the staff were always helpful and answered any questions customers wanted to know, they were extremely reserved and discreet. Helpful, kind, polite and all around great. Very nice staff and service, which is very helpful. Comment: I had a very nice experience there, especially with a receptionist named Hasan Bey who welcomed us warmly and was very helpful. Sati at the desk was very helpful and nice. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! The rooms were kept as clean as possible by the very friendly and helpful staff. Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! The staff is very nice and helpful. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Comment: Welcoming, helpful staff. Comment: The hotel is in the centre, a few hundred metres from the Sultanahmet Mosque and Hagia Sophia, reasonable prices and very friendly, social and helpful staff... Comment: The staff is friendly and helpful to their customers. Friendly helpful staff. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when trying to sort out our transportation to the airport. Comment: Hotel staff is very helpful, especially Siddik, Hasan and Burak. They were very kind and helpful, thank you guys. The staff is very friendly, smiling and helpful. Comment: Super friendly and helpful staff, not far from the Grand Bazaar, Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the prices are straightforward, Wi-Fi is included, and the rooms are clean. He is very friendly and extremely helpful! The service was great, the staff helpful the area only got 3 stars, the room was too small for my taste. Comment: Super friendly staff, very helpful, clean and good food. helpful staff and easy access to public transportation. Comment: Very very nice reception staff|Helpful|Translation, taxi booking, excursions|3 person room is ok|2 person room is a bit small|And second room for 2 person is ok |Breakfast is ok || 230. The staff was very friendly and helpful, highly recommended. Comment: I booked for one night but extended for two more nights, it was much better than I expected, very clean, good location, very helpful staff and a good breakfast for 255. Helpful, friendly and fluent in the language. Comment: This hotel has a good location, the rooms are comfortable, the breakfast is great and the staff is very helpful, I couldn't ask for better olympic 276. Very professional and helpful staff.||I recommend and will come again. Comment: It was a nice stay, the place was comfortable, the staff was very friendly and helpful. Special thanks to Hasan who was very helpful and always smiling. Comment: The hotel is very good in terms of location, security and staff. The rooms are cleaned every day, the breakfast is good and all the staff are really helpful. The staff is friendly and attentive. The hotel is clean and the staff is friendly and hardworking. Comment: The hotel was really great in terms of both cleanliness and staff. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. My advice to you is do not stay at this hotel, which does not value its customers at all and employs staff who are beating the heck out of you in the early hours of the morning. The staff was very attentive and kind, the cleaning was great, we were satisfied, we recommend you to come...... Comment: The reception staff is very friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day and it is a very safe hotel. Very friendly staff, was there exactly 4 times. The employees, cleaning staff etc. Comment: First of all, the staff, tobacco, all the employees are very attentive, the hotel is the most beautiful hotel you can stay in, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the breakfast is good, thank you for everything, my respects and greetings from Konya to the Olympic family 15. Comment: I spent my holiday as a traveler this year and stayed in 5 star hotels in all the cities I visited, but the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms in this beautiful hotel belonging to the Yaşmak group deserves not five stars but all stars. The staff is very polite, especially Hasan and Sati, who work at the reception, were very helpful. Comment: I was pleased with the attention and concern of the staff and employees ||Many thanks to Hasan and Burak ||For their attention ||The fact that the hotel is close to everywhere ||And walking distance is my biggest choice ||And the fact that the hotel is clean and reliable ||All the staff and employees are smiling ||Thanks …!!! Comment: A hotel within the Yaşmak Hotels chain, the service quality is very good, the staff is friendly and conscious. Comment: The staff was great, the hotel was very clean, I recommend it to everyone, I just arrived, greetings and love from Germany, Turkan 29. Comment: I recommend the hotel to everyone, everything was very nice, clean, friendly staff.... Comment: Friendly nice staff very good location perfect. The staff was friendly and efficient. The staff was warm and welcoming. The staff were wonderful, especially the receptionist Hasan, who was extremely warm and funny. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Comment: What I personally liked was that the staff were always helpful and answered any questions customers wanted to know, they were extremely reserved and discreet. Comment: This hotel has the friendliest staff I have ever met. The staff are not unfriendly, but they are happy if you choose not to speak to them. The staff was wonderful and the room was stylish and clean. Very nice staff and service, which is very helpful. We had cai (tea) in the lobby but the reception staff tried to charge double the price when the real price of 20TL was clearly displayed on the board. When the housekeeping staff saw us leaving our rooms with suitcases, they offered no help and quickly disappeared. A charming environment with wonderful staff, it is wonderful to visit such a hotel, I recommend everyone to come here and have a pleasant time. The staff needs a class in customer service. Hotel staff (except cleaning staff) were unfriendly, not service oriented at all. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! Responsive staff, they help with any questions (in English of course, they try to understand even if you don't know the language). The only positive aspect of the hotel was that it was centrally located and the staff was very polite. My mother and I were staying in one room and the hotel staff were entering our rooms at any time, especially at night, WITHOUT TAKING OUT THE MASTERKEY. Extremely ill-mannered, unsafe and dangerous hotel staff! Never stay at this hotel, especially women, because the hotel staff is ill-intentioned and there is no one to listen to your complaints. Comment: Super good hotel, good opportunity in the heart of Sultan Ahmed and the Hagia Sophia mosque hotel staff are friendly people, if you have any questions you will receive the same good services. The staff is extremely bad-mannered, doesn't know how to talk civilly and thinks they can enter a room whenever they want without knocking on the door and using the master key for room cleaning purposes! The hotel staff is extremely disgusting and there is no one to listen to your complaints!.. Otherwise nice staff. The rooms were kept as clean as possible by the very friendly and helpful staff. The staff is polite, responsive and speaks fluent Russian. First of all, many thanks to the welcoming staff! Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! Comment: Great service, very good treatment by staff. Room service was great, as were the breakfasts, and all the staff took care of you in the best way possible.|Breakfasts were amazing and schedules were very flexible.|Overall a great hotel to stay in👍🏻 … 116. Comment: Close to Hagia Sophia, close to Top Kapa Palace, polite staff, money can be exchanged at reasonable prices at the reception, a variety of delicious breakfasts, the coffee machine makes excellent coffee with cream, on one side there is a street with cafes, on the other side there is a courtyard with tombs. The staff is very nice and helpful. The staff is rude except for the professional cleaning lady. The hotel is simple but very clean, the staff is very friendly and ready for our requests and suggestions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Comment: Welcoming, helpful staff. Very friendly staff. Comment: The hotel is in the centre, a few hundred metres from the Sultanahmet Mosque and Hagia Sophia, reasonable prices and very friendly, social and helpful staff... The staff was very kind and willing to help with anything. Comment: The staff is friendly and helpful to their customers. Excellent location, good, clean room, good breakfast and excellent service from both receptionists and staff. Comment: Very good hotel, close to the old city, Gulhane Park, tram station, ferry, marmaris station|Sultanahmet,|Very nice tasty breakfast|Small rooms|Affordable prices|We can make a reservation by phone |Reception and all staff are good.. Friendly helpful staff. The staff is friendly. Very friendly staff. The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable. Some rooms are small but staff are willing to change rooms - just ask. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when trying to sort out our transportation to the airport. Comment: Hotel staff is very helpful, especially Siddik, Hasan and Burak. The staff is very friendly. The staff is very friendly, smiling and helpful. Thank you to the staff for your care and attention! Comment: Super friendly and helpful staff, not far from the Grand Bazaar, Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. Most of the time the front desk staff was away. Comment: Very clean, practical hotel, welcoming staff. The staff was courteous and I felt comfortable. The staff at the reception was very cooperative. The staff is friendly. Friendly staff. Small room but nice Staff. The staff is friendly. At the lobby, the reception staff doesn't even greet you (gentleman who is always there in the morning) WHAT WE LIKED HERE WAS THE CLEANING STAFF WHO ASKED IF EVERYTHING WAS OK, IF YOU NEED ANYTHING, HOW YOU ARE, IF THE ROOMS ARE OK (THE MAN ALWAYS STAFF ON THE UPPER FLOOR 6TH. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the prices are straightforward, Wi-Fi is included, and the rooms are clean. Comment: We stayed for a week with a group of 33 people and the hotel was clean, very central, very comfortable and the staff were very friendly. Comment: Everything was perfect, they put a soft pillow and a hard pillow, the rooms were well cleaned, the staff at the reception people were very nice and very friendly, honestly I will come back 201. The service was great, the staff helpful the area only got 3 stars, the room was too small for my taste. The staff is polite. Comment: A very good hotel in the centre of everything Fatih is known for, with very attentive staff. Extremely friendly staff, excellent and plentiful breakfast buffet. Comment: The hotel looked good and was also clean but the staff could have tried harder to look after their guests. The staff was polite, especially the receptionist. Comment: Friendly staff. Comment: Super friendly staff, very helpful, clean and good food. helpful staff and easy access to public transportation. Friendly staff. Very hygienic, very friendly staff and delicious food! Comment: Very very nice reception staff|Helpful|Translation, taxi booking, excursions|3 person room is ok|2 person room is a bit small|And second room for 2 person is ok |Breakfast is ok || 230. Comment: A comfortable hotel, I spent 7 nights in this hotel, friendly staff, food with a different menu every day... The staff was very friendly and helpful, highly recommended. The staff is very nice, always available. Clean room and kind staff, simple breakfast Good internet, I highly recommend it. There are no intoxicants, the staff is respectful, there is a breakfast buffet and it is very close to the tram, 60 meters from the markets, Jalhanah and Sultan Ahmed. Comment: Super attentive staff, the hotel I recommend, super well located in the heart of the city, very close 👍👏 … 252. Ozgur is great!!|If you are looking for a hotel where the staff is friendly, everything is hygienic and right in the center, you should choose this hotel! printer always available and very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Comment: I booked for one night but extended for two more nights, it was much better than I expected, very clean, good location, very helpful staff and a good breakfast for 255. Comment: The staff is friendly and takes very good care of their guests. Comment: The carpet in the room is completely dirty, the breakfast buffet leaves much to be desired, the treatment of the staff is terrible, definitely not recommended, we will never return! Comment: We had a holiday in December 2019, we arrived in Istanbul at 8:00 in the morning, we checked in immediately, we did not have to wait, very clean, comfortable hotel, good breakfast, friendly staff, the room was cleaned very well, the bed and towels were changed every day. Friendly staff, very clean 263. Courteous staff. Comment: All staff are very friendly and cooperative. Comment: Very nice staff. Lovely staff and always available. Comment: Perfect location, close to the grand bazaar, cleanliness, staff approach is perfect.|||| Food is good, close to the Bosphorus River, historical center, reasonable prices, close to handicraft shops. Comment: Staff were great, service was great. Comment: This hotel has a good location, the rooms are comfortable, the breakfast is great and the staff is very helpful, I couldn't ask for better olympic 276. Comment: In this hotel you will find a very welcoming and clean environment, staff always willing to serve and a good breakfast. Very professional and helpful staff.||I recommend and will come again. Location, staff, breakfast are good. Comment: Very clean and the staff is very well-intentioned. Comment: It was a nice stay, the place was comfortable, the staff was very friendly and helpful. Friendly staff, very clean 289. Comment: Very good for a long time, but the hotel is only a 2 star hotel, breakfast is simple and bad, staff is super nice. Comment: Excellent location, excellent hotel for three stars, delicious breakfast, clean rooms, non-Russian speaking staff 308. Comment: Super nice hotel, warm staff etc. Comment: The staff is very polite. Comment: Very central Great breakfast Clean Great atmosphere Staff very friendly 315. Comment: Clean and friendly staff, only drawback is that some rooms have windows facing the wall 320. Comment: A hotel within the Yaşmak Hotels chain, the service quality is very good, the staff is friendly and conscious. Comment: A business that hosts local and foreign tourists together and pushes the limits in terms of service 34. Comment: Cleanliness and service are good. Comment: Decent reliable service 57. Comment: My stay at Olympic Hotel was perfect thanks to Hasan's excellent service. Very nice staff and service, which is very helpful. There is no bellboy service and it was inconvenient to drag our luggage up or down the stairs. The staff needs a class in customer service. Hotel staff (except cleaning staff) were unfriendly, not service oriented at all. Comment: Super good hotel, good opportunity in the heart of Sultan Ahmed and the Hagia Sophia mosque hotel staff are friendly people, if you have any questions you will receive the same good services. Good service. The cleaning service was always very attentive, respectful and friendly. Very good service is provided by public transport. Comment: Great service, very good treatment by staff. Room service was great, as were the breakfasts, and all the staff took care of you in the best way possible.|Breakfasts were amazing and schedules were very flexible.|Overall a great hotel to stay in👍🏻 … 116. We wanted to get service :) We were there from January 2 to January 8, 2019 and saw how it looked yesterday in November with empty rooms. Delicious food and breakfast, good price quality and excellent room service with excellent food and good taxi service. Transfer services. Friendly service 139. Excellent location, good, clean room, good breakfast and excellent service from both receptionists and staff. Great service and gourmet food. Comment: I stayed at this hotel for 20 days, I am more than satisfied with their service! Cleanliness is at the highest level, the receptionists are always attentive and welcoming and at our service, the Yater maid does a great job, the location is perfect, close to the tram stop and a few meters walk from the metro, aya sophia and the Sultanahmet Mosque and the Grand Bazaar, I honestly recommend this hotel with my eyes closed, thank you to the whole team 150. Room service (hot meals) is available even within 1 hour. Service disaster! What a bad service this is! I liked everything, excellent service, rooms although small are comfortable and have everything you need. Reception service is only reasonable. There is no luggage service!!! The food is very good and delicious with room service that you can order from the hotel next door..👍 After checking out, we could have asked if we needed help with our luggage. The service is very good - special mention to Hasan at the reception! Excellent value for money, very simple services and always clean. The service was great, the staff helpful the area only got 3 stars, the room was too small for my taste. Comment: The hotel itself is very good, the beds are very comfortable and the service is also very professional and they help you with anything you need. Comment: A commendable service for this hotel in the centre of Istanbul. The rooms are basic, the service at the hotel is 4, not bad 218. Comment: The hotel has an excellent location with its price and service quality. Comment: I stayed for a week, literally and figuratively, I received the best service and quality in all respects. Comment: Good service and welcome and well located. Comment: Very nice hotel, excellent location near Gullhana tram station, good service and breakfast. Daily room service is available and complimentary breakfast is included. Comment: The items are so small that there is no place to put them in the bag There is no place if you want to pray The carpet is moldy The room price is high The location is very good The service is good I definitely do not recommend it 256. Comment: Very nice service. The service is excellent and the live music doubles the fun. Comment: Staff were great, service was great. Breakfast needs improvement and there is no room service either. Comment: Very clean, rooms a bit small and you can hear a lot of people in the corridors but perfect service and very good welcome. Comment: Excellent hotel, breakfast +, cleanliness +, neat, good service! Comment: Perfect location for tourists Room very small 4x3m Very good service 294. Very good service. Comment: Excellent hotel and very good service, 100% recommended...

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 9.2
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 301
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Its location is central, transportation is close to everywhere. Comment: A place that can be trusted both in terms of transportation and location. Just around the corner was the “Gülhane” tram stop, which provided quick transportation to other places. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when trying to sort out our transportation to the airport. Transportation (metro, train, tram, ferry and bus) can be easily reached on foot. helpful staff and easy access to public transportation. Rail transportation is very easy. Its location is central, transportation is close to everywhere. Comment: A place that can be trusted both in terms of transportation and location. Comment: Easy to reach by public transport 54. The hotel is close to public transport and offers easy access to different parts of the city. Very good service is provided by public transport. Just around the corner was the “Gülhane” tram stop, which provided quick transportation to other places. There are also public transport options that allow you to easily explore the city, as well as bars, … 151. It is important that the hotel is located on a small street with no public transport. Very convenient for transport connections. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when trying to sort out our transportation to the airport. Transportation (metro, train, tram, ferry and bus) can be easily reached on foot. There are many attractions nearby, convenient transport links, tram and metro. helpful staff and easy access to public transportation. Rail transportation is very easy. Comment: Easy to reach by public transport 54. The hotel is close to public transport and offers easy access to different parts of the city. Very good service is provided by public transport. There are also public transport options that allow you to easily explore the city, as well as bars, … 151. It is important that the hotel is located on a small street with no public transport. helpful staff and easy access to public transportation. Delicious food and breakfast, good price quality and excellent room service with excellent food and good taxi service. Comment: Very very nice reception staff|Helpful|Translation, taxi booking, excursions|3 person room is ok|2 person room is a bit small|And second room for 2 person is ok |Breakfast is ok || 230. We paid 1200TL per room for late check-out and 1500TL for airport transfer. I reached the hotel from the new airport by bus number 12 + tram number 1. Also, the hotel employee Hasan was always smiling, helped with the transfer to the airport, the price was lower than the neighboring travel agency 127. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when trying to sort out our transportation to the airport. Comment: The tram that makes it easy to reach the airport is a 3-minute walk away and there are many attractions nearby, such as Topkapi Palace, so you can easily get around using this hotel as a base. Although he wanted to pay when he checked in, the reception stated that he could collect the fee when he checked out due to the busy schedule. Comment: A business that hosts local and foreign tourists together and pushes the limits in terms of service 34. I reached the hotel from the new airport by bus number 12 + tram number 1. Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! Transportation (metro, train, tram, ferry and bus) can be easily reached on foot. subway, bus, train and boat. Comment: Right next to Gülhane tram stop||The room itself feels like a business hotel||The elevator stops at the landing between floors, so ||You have to carry your luggage around 5pm when you arrive and check out. Comment: The location is very good, almost all touristic places in Sultan Ahmed can be visited on foot, tram station, metro train, Eminönü bus and ferry station can be easily reached on foot 282. Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! Transportation (metro, train, tram, ferry and bus) can be easily reached on foot. Comment: Located in the centre of Izmir, a 5-minute walk from Pasmane Train Station. subway, bus, train and boat. Ferry, train, Grand Bazaar, Topkapi Palace etc. Comment: The location is very good, almost all touristic places in Sultan Ahmed can be visited on foot, tram station, metro train, Eminönü bus and ferry station can be easily reached on foot 282. There is a parking lot. Comment: In terms of location, it is a hotel with parking problems for private vehicles, but in terms of tourism and culture, it is a mid-range hotel in a first-class location. There is a bit of a parking problem. Comment: The location, comfort and cleanliness are very good. Comment: The hotel is very good in terms of location, security and staff. The location of the hotel is close to everywhere and is full of attractions and nice restaurants. Comment: The location is very good, but the single room I stayed in was like a closed 15m2 grave. A hotel in a top location. Its location is central, transportation is close to everywhere. Comment: In terms of location, it is a hotel with parking problems for private vehicles, but in terms of tourism and culture, it is a mid-range hotel in a first-class location. Comment: A place that can be trusted both in terms of transportation and location. Comment: Friendly nice staff very good location perfect. Comment: A clean hotel in a central location 52. Good location 59. Comment: The location was not bad. The location is perfect. Comment: The hotel is very nice with a perfect location, the atmosphere is great. Comment: The location of the hotel is excellent, all tourist attractions are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel has a great location, super central and within walking distance to the river you can reach everything. But the location is perfect, only the hotel is bad. Comment: Great location... The hotel is in a fantastic location, close to shops, restaurants and all the magical places you would expect to see in this amazing city. Comment: The location of the hotel is absolutely fantastic. Unfortunately the rooms did not keep up with the hotel's excellent location. Comment: Location Horrific numbers. Comment: The location is very good, since the hotel is very central, it is very easy to reach everywhere. Pros: good location and nice, soft beds. The location of the hotel is very central and you can walk everywhere. The only positive thing is the location, walking distance to all the tourist attractions. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! It has a good location in the center of the city and is a very quiet and silent area at night, suitable for a good night's sleep. The hotel has an excellent location, within a 10 to 15 minute walk of Topkapi, Hagia Sophia, Basilica Cistern shops and restaurants. The location is great! A very good hotel with its excellent location and facilities for tourists. Comment: A modest hotel with a very good location. Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! Comment: Olympic has a strategic location in Istanbul if you want to visit Topkapi Palace, Hagia Sophia or Sultanahmet Mosque. Comment: Great location of the hotel. Comment: The hotel is in a very good location, close to the tram stop and many attractions. Comment: We visited this hotel in September 2021, the hotel was comfortable with its convenient location, quietness and good internet. Comment: Hotel with super good location, basic visits can be done on foot (access to Hagia Sophia, Blue Mosque, Eminönü). The location is very good, everything is within walking distance! The location is great!!! Comment: I repeat absolutely, an unbeatable location, very central but at the same time quiet, you can walk to the main points of interest, there is even a tram stop just one street away. The location is ideal for a touristic holiday. Comment: The location is very good, close to Hagia Sophia Topkapi Palace, Archaeological Museum and Topkapi Park. Review: Fantastic Location 6 minutes walk from Hagia Sophia Hotel Room is good - good space to get in, store your luggage and move around. Excellent location, good, clean room, good breakfast and excellent service from both receptionists and staff. Comment: I stayed only one night at this hotel, the location is perfect for visiting the city centre. Comment: Recommended for location only. Comment: The hotel is located in an excellent location. The location of the hotel is good, everything is within walking distance. Cleanliness is at the highest level, the receptionists are always attentive and welcoming and at our service, the Yater maid does a great job, the location is perfect, close to the tram stop and a few meters walk from the metro, aya sophia and the Sultanahmet Mosque and the Grand Bazaar, I honestly recommend this hotel with my eyes closed, thank you to the whole team 150. Comment: The hotel is in a great location, next to the Gülhane tram stop and perfect for any journey on foot! The location is great, we do all our visits within 500 meters. Excellent location, lively, lots of shops, restaurants etc. The hotel has an excellent location - the archaeological museum is a 5-minute walk away (it is better to buy a museum pass), while Topkapi and Sultanahmet Square are a pleasant 15-minute walk away. The location is perfect, we easily walked around the spice souk, Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, walked to the Grand Bazaar (which was a bit of a walk up the hill), but the whole city is easily accessible thanks to the tram stop right next door. The location is perfect, all touristic attractions in Sultan Ahmed and Aminönü can be reached by foot. Review: Excellent Location and great value for money; breakfast is ok and family room is fine for couple with 2 kids! Comment: The location of the hotel is excellent, all tourist attractions are within walking distance. Review: A great hotel in a great location. Otherwise it is in a very good location. Comment: Very convenient location. Comment: Great location, I must say. Comment: Excellent location - in the centre of the historic Fatih district. The location is good but the heating in the room cannot be controlled so it is quite hot at night. Comment: The location is great. The location is good but there are 50 hotels in these 5 parallel lanes and they are all close to the Gülhane tram stop. Comment: Location Horrific numbers. The location is close to the center, the cleanliness is good, the breakfast is satisfactory. Comment: A really good hotel in the best location of Istanbul! Comment: The location of the hotel is really good, you can reach many places in a very short time. Its location is perfect as it is right in the centre of all the touristic and historical places to visit. Comment: The location is right in the centre, you can reach all important places with the S-Bahn. Also the location was very good and convenient to go anywhere for sightseeing. Comment: A good hotel with excellent location, quiet atmosphere, proximity to the street and tram. Comment: The hotel has a very good location. It is also a multi-location destination, you can get to anywhere you want to be. Comment: The location is in the museum center of the city. The location is excellent in terms of proximity to touristic places and markets, but the hotel is small as usual in the Sultanahmet area and the rooms are very small. Comment: Great location and unlike surrounding hotels the rooms here are constantly cleaned. Comment: Pros: Good location between the center/Galata bridge and the Blue Mosque/Hagia Sophia area. Comment: excellent location, good breakfast, cleanliness, good value for money, close to all attractions in the historic centre. The location is perfect. Strategic location in the middle of Istanbul to Sultan Ahmed, you can walk to Eminönü area, you can also walk nearby. Comment: The hotel is in a very good location, close to the tram stop and many attractions. Comment: The hotel has an excellent location with its price and service quality. Comment: Very nice hotel, excellent location near Gullhana tram station, good service and breakfast. Comment: The location is unbeatable, the buffet breakfast is varied. Super location. Its location is in the heart of markets and restaurants and its proximity to many tourist attractions, such as the presence of a public park. Comment: Great location and best price ever. Comment: I booked for one night but extended for two more nights, it was much better than I expected, very clean, good location, very helpful staff and a good breakfast for 255. Comment: The items are so small that there is no place to put them in the bag There is no place if you want to pray The carpet is moldy The room price is high The location is very good The service is good I definitely do not recommend it 256. day, very good location for main tourist attractions, everything was within walking distance, we stayed a lot. Rich breakfast buffet Breakfast is very good Central location Central place 264. Comment: The location of the hotel is very good, in the middle of the Sultanahmet Mosque and the Grand Bazaar, you can do everything on foot. Comment: Although the accommodation was small, I was very pleased with its location. Comment: Perfect location, close to the grand bazaar, cleanliness, staff approach is perfect.|||| Food is good, close to the Bosphorus River, historical center, reasonable prices, close to handicraft shops. Comment: This hotel has a good location, the rooms are comfortable, the breakfast is great and the staff is very helpful, I couldn't ask for better olympic 276. Comment: Very clean, good location. The hotel is in a very convenient location as it is next to the tram stop and metro. It's not in a great location and can be difficult to find. Comment: The location is very good, almost all touristic places in Sultan Ahmed can be visited on foot, tram station, metro train, Eminönü bus and ferry station can be easily reached on foot 282. Location, staff, breakfast are good. The location is super, all touristic places are within walking distance 👍🏻, metro, port, tram are nearby! Comment: nice hotel good location near the tram stayed 5 nights rich breakfast and very clean room 293. Comment: Perfect location for tourists Room very small 4x3m Very good service 294. Comment: Very good location, clean room, breakfast available, I recommend 295. Comment: Unbeatable location! Review: Very friendly, clean and great location 302. The hotel is in a very central location, you can walk everywhere. Comment: A good hotel with delicious breakfasts and most importantly a convenient location, 307. Comment: Excellent location, excellent hotel for three stars, delicious breakfast, clean rooms, non-Russian speaking staff 308. Comment: Good place, clean and good location, no more 3 star hotel 318. Comment: Good location, clean, breakfast was a bit varied. Comment: Nice breakfast and good location for walking around the old town 324. Comment: The location is very good but the interior of the hotel needs attention and the rooms are very cramped 325. Comment: A nice 2 star hotel 326 located in a very good location when visiting Istanbul. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. Comment: I was pleased with the attention and concern of the staff and employees ||Many thanks to Hasan and Burak ||For their attention ||The fact that the hotel is close to everywhere ||And walking distance is my biggest choice ||And the fact that the hotel is clean and reliable ||All the staff and employees are smiling ||Thanks …!!! Comment: The location of the hotel is excellent, all tourist attractions are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel has a great location, super central and within walking distance to the river you can reach everything. The only positive thing is the location, walking distance to all the tourist attractions. There are historical places, tram, metro and port within walking distance. It is within walking distance of Istanbul's main tourist attractions. Comment: The hotel is located in the historical center, everything is within walking distance. Lots of places and attractions within walking distance. The location is very good, everything is within walking distance! Everything is within walking distance: … 138. The location of the hotel is good, everything is within walking distance. All tourist attractions of the city are within walking distance; Sultanahmet Mosque, Hagia Sophia Mosque, Top Cana Palace, Hippodrome Square. Daily cleaning, varied breakfasts, walking distance to tourist attractions. Comment: The location of the hotel is excellent, all tourist attractions are within walking distance. All tourist attractions on the European side of Istanbul are within walking distance. All historical sites are within walking distance. Comment: Rooms are very small, but for someone on a budget it is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, the metro, as well as monuments such as Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque, the Cistern, and the Obelisk. All tourist attractions are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel is located in the historical center, everything is within walking distance. The only plus is that it has good connections to all tourist spots within walking distance. within walking distance. day, very good location for main tourist attractions, everything was within walking distance, we stayed a lot. The location is super, all touristic places are within walking distance 👍🏻, metro, port, tram are nearby! Walking distance to all tourist attractions and a minute's walk from tram 316. I strongly advise against this hotel, so pay a few more euros and book nearby hotels. The tram stop is nearby and there are places to eat. ||The tram station is nearby, making it easy to go to the Grand Bazaar or the new city. By the way, we highly recommend the nearby Resto Han (food). Nearby are all the palaces and a tram stop. Nearby tram stop T1 is 10 minutes from Eminem and Galata Bridge and Hagia Sophia. There are many attractions nearby, convenient transport links, tram and metro. Comment: The tram that makes it easy to reach the airport is a 3-minute walk away and there are many attractions nearby, such as Topkapi Palace, so you can easily get around using this hotel as a base. Strategic location in the middle of Istanbul to Sultan Ahmed, you can walk to Eminönü area, you can also walk nearby. We found a hotel with available rooms nearby! Comment: many attractions nearby food is not tasty, I was given a dirty, smoky room with a window opening onto a noisy air duct… 287. The location is super, all touristic places are within walking distance 👍🏻, metro, port, tram are nearby! Comment: many attractions nearby food is not tasty, I was given a dirty, smoky room with a window opening onto a noisy air duct… 299. All major tourist attractions are nearby. Its location is central, transportation is close to everywhere. Comment: A clean hotel in a central location 52. Comment: The hotel has a great location, super central and within walking distance to the river you can reach everything. Being located in a central area makes it easy to explore the interesting places of Istanbul. Comment: The location is very good, since the hotel is very central, it is very easy to reach everywhere. The location of the hotel is very central and you can walk everywhere. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! The only positive aspect of the hotel was that it was centrally located and the staff was very polite. Comment: The hotel is very central…. Good hotel, very centrally located, accessible to everything. Comment: So the best thing about this hotel is that it is very central. If you are looking for a central and clean hotel this is the right place. Comment: I repeat absolutely, an unbeatable location, very central but at the same time quiet, you can walk to the main points of interest, there is even a tram stop just one street away. The neighborhood is quiet, clean, safe and well connected to the metro and central points. The only good thing was that we were very central but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, it's just crap. Comment: We stayed for a week with a group of 33 people and the hotel was clean, very central, very comfortable and the staff were very friendly. Rich breakfast buffet Breakfast is very good Central location Central place 264. The hotel is in a very central location, you can walk everywhere. Comment: Very central Great breakfast Clean Great atmosphere Staff very friendly 315. Central 317. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. Comment: I was pleased with the attention and concern of the staff and employees ||Many thanks to Hasan and Burak ||For their attention ||The fact that the hotel is close to everywhere ||And walking distance is my biggest choice ||And the fact that the hotel is clean and reliable ||All the staff and employees are smiling ||Thanks …!!! Comment: The location of the hotel is excellent, all tourist attractions are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel has a great location, super central and within walking distance to the river you can reach everything. The only positive thing is the location, walking distance to all the tourist attractions. There are historical places, tram, metro and port within walking distance. It is within walking distance of Istanbul's main tourist attractions. Comment: The hotel is located in the historical center, everything is within walking distance. Lots of places and attractions within walking distance. The location is very good, everything is within walking distance! Everything is within walking distance: … 138. The location of the hotel is good, everything is within walking distance. All tourist attractions of the city are within walking distance; Sultanahmet Mosque, Hagia Sophia Mosque, Top Cana Palace, Hippodrome Square. Daily cleaning, varied breakfasts, walking distance to tourist attractions. Comment: The location of the hotel is excellent, all tourist attractions are within walking distance. All tourist attractions on the European side of Istanbul are within walking distance. All historical sites are within walking distance. Comment: Rooms are very small, but for someone on a budget it is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, the metro, as well as monuments such as Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque, the Cistern, and the Obelisk. All tourist attractions are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel is located in the historical center, everything is within walking distance. The only plus is that it has good connections to all tourist spots within walking distance. within walking distance. day, very good location for main tourist attractions, everything was within walking distance, we stayed a lot. The location is super, all touristic places are within walking distance 👍🏻, metro, port, tram are nearby! Walking distance to all tourist attractions and a minute's walk from tram 316. Being located in a central area makes it easy to explore the interesting places of Istanbul. There are also plenty of shopping opportunities and restaurants in the area. The shower area is clogged and floods during shower due to blocked drain. It has a good location in the center of the city and is a very quiet and silent area at night, suitable for a good night's sleep. Comment: After the very stylish and smart reception area, we were first shocked to see the room number 302 that was given to us. There are many restaurants and shops in the surrounding area. The service was great, the staff helpful the area only got 3 stars, the room was too small for my taste. The location is excellent in terms of proximity to touristic places and markets, but the hotel is small as usual in the Sultanahmet area and the rooms are very small. Comment: Pros: Good location between the center/Galata bridge and the Blue Mosque/Hagia Sophia area. Very close to the Grand Bazaar and good shopping area. Strategic location in the middle of Istanbul to Sultan Ahmed, you can walk to Eminönü area, you can also walk nearby. Comment: A nice hotel located in an area full of tourist attractions worth visiting. Comment: The hotel is close to everywhere, in the middle of all places worth seeing in terms of history and religion... Comment: A place that can be trusted both in terms of transportation and location. Comment: A Good Place in Its Segment 43. The hotel is in a fantastic location, close to shops, restaurants and all the magical places you would expect to see in this amazing city. Being located in a central area makes it easy to explore the interesting places of Istanbul. The door switch is placed next to the door to activate the room lights. Also the best place for city sightseeing. I don't think it's too much to ask for the (stained) carpet to be replaced, as well as the dusty curtains. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! Comment: The hotel is very close to the famous mosques and other touristic places of Istanbul. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are just the right place to spend the night 👍 ​​the beds are soft, … 94. There are historical places, tram, metro and port within walking distance. The tram stop is nearby and there are places to eat. Lots of places and attractions within walking distance. Good place to stay for two or three days to wander around the centre. Just around the corner was the “Gülhane” tram stop, which provided quick transportation to other places. If you are looking for a central and clean hotel this is the right place. Great place. ||You can walk to any point in the old town and the proximity to the tram station makes it a perfect place for sightseeing. The carpets in the room were very dirty (old stains that you can't remove) need to be replaced. The room's tables are placed too close together. Comment: The location of the hotel is really good, you can reach many places in a very short time. Its location is perfect as it is right in the centre of all the touristic and historical places to visit. Comment: The location is right in the centre, you can reach all important places with the S-Bahn. Add to that the fact that you can walk to almost every important place in Istanbul. The location is excellent in terms of proximity to touristic places and markets, but the hotel is small as usual in the Sultanahmet area and the rooms are very small. Comment: Great place. Comment: The items are so small that there is no place to put them in the bag There is no place if you want to pray The carpet is moldy The room price is high The location is very good The service is good I definitely do not recommend it 256. Rich breakfast buffet Breakfast is very good Central location Central place 264. I will choose this place on my next visit to wonderful Istanbul. The whole place is incredibly clean, the only small minus was the choice at the breakfast table, it was very sparse. Great place. Comment: The location is very good, almost all touristic places in Sultan Ahmed can be visited on foot, tram station, metro train, Eminönü bus and ferry station can be easily reached on foot 282. Comment: It was a nice stay, the place was comfortable, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is super, all touristic places are within walking distance 👍🏻, metro, port, tram are nearby! Comment: Quiet and clean place, although the rooms are a bit small, it is a good place to stay and the cleaning is very good. Comment: Good place, clean and good location, no more 3 star hotel 318.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.4
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 173
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: The location, comfort and cleanliness are very good. Comment: The hotel was really great in terms of both cleanliness and staff. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. Comment: I spent my holiday as a traveler this year and stayed in 5 star hotels in all the cities I visited, but the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms in this beautiful hotel belonging to the Yaşmak group deserves not five stars but all stars. Your cleanliness and smiling face are great. Comment: Cleanliness and service are good. Cleanliness is at the highest level, the receptionists are always attentive and welcoming and at our service, the Yater maid does a great job, the location is perfect, close to the tram stop and a few meters walk from the metro, aya sophia and the Sultanahmet Mosque and the Grand Bazaar, I honestly recommend this hotel with my eyes closed, thank you to the whole team 150. I can only recommend the family room, super spacious, cleanliness is great. The location is close to the center, the cleanliness is good, the breakfast is satisfactory. To this was added cleanliness and politeness. Comment: excellent location, good breakfast, cleanliness, good value for money, close to all attractions in the historic centre. Comment: Perfect location, close to the grand bazaar, cleanliness, staff approach is perfect.|||| Food is good, close to the Bosphorus River, historical center, reasonable prices, close to handicraft shops. Comment: Excellent hotel, breakfast +, cleanliness +, neat, good service! are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. Comment: The location, comfort and cleanliness are very good. The rooms are cleaned every day, the breakfast is good and all the staff are really helpful. Comment: The hotel is really clean. The rooms are extremely clean. The rug on the floor was not clean, there were black stains 6. The hotel is clean and the staff is friendly and hardworking. Comment: The hotel was really great in terms of both cleanliness and staff. are within walking distance.||||Hygiene rules and cleanliness are at the highest level.||The hotel staff are all respectful and helpful… 9. The hotel is clean and affordable. The staff was very attentive and kind, the cleaning was great, we were satisfied, we recommend you to come...... Comment: The reception staff is very friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day and it is a very safe hotel. The employees, cleaning staff etc. are very clean and meticulous. Comment: First of all, the staff, tobacco, all the employees are very attentive, the hotel is the most beautiful hotel you can stay in, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the breakfast is good, thank you for everything, my respects and greetings from Konya to the Olympic family 15. Comment: I spent my holiday as a traveler this year and stayed in 5 star hotels in all the cities I visited, but the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms in this beautiful hotel belonging to the Yaşmak group deserves not five stars but all stars. Comment: I was pleased with the attention and concern of the staff and employees ||Many thanks to Hasan and Burak ||For their attention ||The fact that the hotel is close to everywhere ||And walking distance is my biggest choice ||And the fact that the hotel is clean and reliable ||All the staff and employees are smiling ||Thanks …!!! Comment: The rooms are very clean, the price is very reasonable, the breakfast is nice, the air conditioner was not cooling very much and the bathroom and toilet are very small. It is clean and the breakfast has more than enough variety for one person... The food is delicious, the rooms are clean and comfortable, there is fast internet and a great team, especially Reception Hasan, Burak and Satı, thank you very much for your help ❤️ 22. Your cleanliness and smiling face are great. Comment: The staff was great, the hotel was very clean, I recommend it to everyone, I just arrived, greetings and love from Germany, Turkan 29. Comment: I recommend the hotel to everyone, everything was very nice, clean, friendly staff.... Comment: An affordable and clean hotel to stay in Eminonu and also in the city center 33. Comment: An affordable and clean hotel in the heart of Istanbul, with a legendary breakfast. Comment: Clean and nice hotel 🛎 … 39. Comment: Clean and friendly 44. Comment: Clean hotel to stay 45. Comment: Nice, clean, suitable, not too extravagant 47. Comment: Guests liked the clean rooms, 49. Comment: Cleanliness and service are good. Comment: A clean hotel in a central location 52. It is also cleaned every morning and well… 67. The breakfast is delicious and the rooms are always clean. It's generally clean, but that's hard to tell in a 3x3 room where most of the space is taken up by the bed. |A clean, well-maintained atmosphere. He was always there for us if we had any questions.||The rooms were very clean and thoroughly … 76. You can have a good breakfast and the rooms were always clean which was good 77. The room was clean enough and the bed was comfortable but then again I'm not travelling thousands of miles to rot in a hotel room so it was perfectly fine to shower and rest my head for a few hours: showers, showers, the air con cooling and the lights on. The staff was wonderful and the room was stylish and clean. The beds were good but don't say that the rooms looked clean and new and there was mold in the bathroom and the carpet was very dirty. Clean, our room was cleaned every day and linens and towels were changed too. Hotel staff (except cleaning staff) were unfriendly, not service oriented at all. Review: Clean room|Very nice staff|Central location|Easy to get to everywhere|Delicious breakfast|Very helpful reception who recommended us very good places.|Toilets were clean!!|No problems with cleaning staff|Simply great!!! When we protested they acted as if they didn't know English and also claimed that: they can enter any room they want whenever they want with the master key for cleaning purposes!! Even our room had a broken window, a bad smell and an uncleaned bathroom. Even the room was very bad, there was a bad smell, broken windows and uncleaned bathroom.. The staff is extremely bad-mannered, doesn't know how to talk civilly and thinks they can enter a room whenever they want without knocking on the door and using the master key for room cleaning purposes! The cleaning service was always very attentive, respectful and friendly. The rooms were kept as clean as possible by the very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are small (but it doesn't matter), cleaned every day (towels, bathroom accessories (shampoo, shower gel, body cream), water - changed every day). The room wasn't big but the beds were comfortable, towels were changed every day, room cleaning wasn't perfect but it was also cleaned every day. And the rooms are clean, they clean every day! Comment: The hotel is very clean!!|The location of the hotel is ideal!!|The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful!!!|Train, bus and ferry connections are very easy to reach!!|I can only recommend it!!! The rooms are very small, cleaning consists of changing towels and making the beds. Comment: Very clean rooms, great WiFi, very close to all tourist attractions, very good knowledge of German, English and Russian I was here with my son for 8 days. The rooms were cleaned every day, towels were changed every day. Comment: Very very clean hotel. Very good at cleaning… 123. It's small, the rooms are also quite small but it has everything you need and is very clean. Comment: Small, very clean hotel, exceptionally located between Eminönü, Sirkeci (left) and Sultanahmet (right), 10 minutes on foot or 1 tram stop but the walk is more enjoyable with shops on the way. The staff is rude except for the professional cleaning lady. The rooms were cleaned every day. The hotel is simple but very clean, the staff is very friendly and ready for our requests and suggestions. The room is clean, spacious and bright! Perfectly comfortable family room, smelled almost like a new, modern and spotlessly clean bathroom with at least 2m2 shower (felt like I was in a Turkish bath). Both rooms were very clean. Our rooms were always cleaned. Simply hang the door sign you want cleaned. People who complain about their rooms not being cleaned here must have forgotten the sign. The cleaning was very good, the room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. Clean. If you are looking for a central and clean hotel this is the right place. The rooms are very clean and covid_safe. Excellent location, good, clean room, good breakfast and excellent service from both receptionists and staff. The rooms are clean but small, mine in particular smelled badly of cigarette smoke (perhaps not to disprove the saying "I smoke like a Turk"). The neighborhood is quiet, clean, safe and well connected to the metro and central points. The hotel is small but clean. Comment: Nice and clean hotel. Rooms are cleaned daily even if you don't leave your room until 3am :). Cleanliness is at the highest level, the receptionists are always attentive and welcoming and at our service, the Yater maid does a great job, the location is perfect, close to the tram stop and a few meters walk from the metro, aya sophia and the Sultanahmet Mosque and the Grand Bazaar, I honestly recommend this hotel with my eyes closed, thank you to the whole team 150. Very clean. Comment: The hotel is spotlessly clean. The rooms are a bit small but clean. Comment: The hotel is great for a triple, clean, well maintained, they took into account the request for 2 separate beds, the room is warm, despite the beginning of March they always opened the windows - it was stuffy, the bathroom has heated floors, also unlike triples in Italy there are disposable slippers. Review: This hotel was small but very clean and had internet in our room - both things that were invaluable on our trip. The rooms were very clean (which I think is the most important thing). Comment: Small, very clean hotel, exceptionally located between Eminönü, Sirkeci (left) and Sultanahmet (right), 10 minutes on foot or 1 tram stop but the walk is more enjoyable with shops on the way. Daily cleaning, varied breakfasts, walking distance to tourist attractions. very very clean, come and visit, you will not be disappointed, because the tram is always available. It's generally clean, but that's hard to tell in a 3x3 room where most of the space is taken up by the bed. Comment: Very clean, practical hotel, welcoming staff. It was clean and well-maintained. I can only recommend the family room, super spacious, cleanliness is great. Clean rooms, last … 184. The rooms are clean but small. Breakfast didn't taste good either, 2 types of cheese, 2 types of salami, butter, honey, muesli, probably changed 3 years ago and doesn't look clean anymore, the only positive thing was the bread selection.. At the lobby, the reception staff doesn't even greet you (gentleman who is always there in the morning) WHAT WE LIKED HERE WAS THE CLEANING STAFF WHO ASKED IF EVERYTHING WAS OK, IF YOU NEED ANYTHING, HOW YOU ARE, IF THE ROOMS ARE OK (THE MAN ALWAYS STAFF ON THE UPPER FLOOR 6TH. (HE WAS CLEANING THE FLOOR) CONTINUE 👍! The staff is very friendly and helpful, the prices are straightforward, Wi-Fi is included, and the rooms are clean. The location is close to the center, the cleanliness is good, the breakfast is satisfactory. Excellent value for money, very simple services and always clean. Comment: We stayed for a week with a group of 33 people and the hotel was clean, very central, very comfortable and the staff were very friendly. Comment: Everything was perfect, they put a soft pillow and a hard pillow, the rooms were well cleaned, the staff at the reception people were very nice and very friendly, honestly I will come back 201. The rooms are small but everything is clean and tidy. Close to many tourist attractions, cheap, good cleaning and good breakfast 205. The room was clean and comfortable. Comment: Rooms are dirty, sheets are not changed, vacuum cleaner is not used, no water in bathrooms. Clean and quiet rooms a stone's throw from Hagia Sophia and Blue Flies 208. Comment: The hotel looked good and was also clean but the staff could have tried harder to look after their guests. Comment: It is nicely located, it makes a very bright and clean impression, but staying in a room without light (the window opens to the wall) and the fact that the bathroom (although squeaky clean) smelled as if a corpse was rotting was unpleasant, to put it briefly. The hotel itself is clean, nice and comfortable. The rooms are bright, cleaned every day and linens are changed. Comment: Great location and unlike surrounding hotels the rooms here are constantly cleaned. Clean. To this was added cleanliness and politeness. Comment: Super friendly staff, very helpful, clean and good food. Comment: excellent location, good breakfast, cleanliness, good value for money, close to all attractions in the historic centre. The rooms are clean. Comment: I recommend this establishment for several reasons.|1> the bedding is perfectly comfortable |2> the cleaning is impeccable and done in record time……Breakfast time..Remember that the sheets, duvets and towels are changed every day…Bravo Erdal … 232. Very good at cleaning… 234. The room was clean, well cleaned. The rooms were clean and comfortable. These are also cleaned every day. The rooms are small but clean. Comment: Because everything went very well from cleaning to breakfast. Perfect cleaning. Clean room and kind staff, simple breakfast Good internet, I highly recommend it. Comment: A respectable and very clean hotel. The furniture is from the 70s but the cleaning is good. Comment: I booked for one night but extended for two more nights, it was much better than I expected, very clean, good location, very helpful staff and a good breakfast for 255. The room was quite small but very clean and very good for sleeping. Comment: We were welcomed very nicely, a clean hotel, everything was great. Comment: We had a holiday in December 2019, we arrived in Istanbul at 8:00 in the morning, we checked in immediately, we did not have to wait, very clean, comfortable hotel, good breakfast, friendly staff, the room was cleaned very well, the bed and towels were changed every day. Clean and modern 262. Friendly staff, very clean 263. Clean rooms. Clean room. Clean hotel. The whole place is incredibly clean, the only small minus was the choice at the breakfast table, it was very sparse. Clean rooms, clean rooms every day. Comment: Perfect location, close to the grand bazaar, cleanliness, staff approach is perfect.|||| Food is good, close to the Bosphorus River, historical center, reasonable prices, close to handicraft shops. Comment: Very clean, good location. Comment: Very clean, rooms a bit small and you can hear a lot of people in the corridors but perfect service and very good welcome. Comment: In this hotel you will find a very welcoming and clean environment, staff always willing to serve and a good breakfast. Comment: Very clean and the staff is very well-intentioned. Comment: Excellent hotel, breakfast +, cleanliness +, neat, good service! Friendly staff, very clean 289. Comment: Quiet and clean place, although the rooms are a bit small, it is a good place to stay and the cleaning is very good. Comment: nice hotel good location near the tram stayed 5 nights rich breakfast and very clean room 293. Comment: Very good location, clean room, breakfast available, I recommend 295. Comment: Generally well located and clean except for the carpet in the rooms which needs a real renovation. Review: Very friendly, clean and great location 302. Comment: Satisfied, clean room. Comment: Excellent location, excellent hotel for three stars, delicious breakfast, clean rooms, non-Russian speaking staff 308. Very clean accommodation, great 👌👌👌 … 312. Comment: Very central Great breakfast Clean Great atmosphere Staff very friendly 315. Comment: Good place, clean and good location, no more 3 star hotel 318. Comment: Good location, clean, breakfast was a bit varied. Comment: Clean and friendly staff, only drawback is that some rooms have windows facing the wall 320.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.8
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 19
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: So you can't go into the room with the stroller, you have to leave it downstairs. Ideal for those who travel light, if you have multiple heavy luggage, a stroller or a wheelchair it will be difficult to move them around... We stayed for about 4 days as a family and we felt very comfortable. A safe hotel to stay with family, friends or even alone as a woman. A hotel where I feel comfortable with my family. Comment: We came here on holiday with my family. Family hotel. Comment: First of all, the staff, tobacco, all the employees are very attentive, the hotel is the most beautiful hotel you can stay in, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the breakfast is good, thank you for everything, my respects and greetings from Konya to the Olympic family 15. Comment: We were very pleased with the Olympic Hotel, which we visited with our family. We had a family room with 2 beds and a bunk bed. This is a family-friendly environment with a relaxed atmosphere. My family had a great time here, I think we will come back here. Comment: He was there with his family. Perfectly comfortable family room, smelled almost like a new, modern and spotlessly clean bathroom with at least 2m2 shower (felt like I was in a Turkish bath). Me and my family had a great time there 160. Review: Excellent Location and great value for money; breakfast is ok and family room is fine for couple with 2 kids! I can only recommend the family room, super spacious, cleanliness is great. Especially the windows of the family room on the ground floor open onto the cemetery. Comment: Rooms were very small, receptionist was not very friendly, kept staring at my children when they made even the slightest noise, room air conditioning was not working, I had to buy air cooler fans every night, no kettles and no water bottles.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 9.2
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 18
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: We stayed for about 4 days as a family and we felt very comfortable. A safe hotel to stay with family, friends or even alone as a woman. A hotel where I feel comfortable with my family. Comment: We came here on holiday with my family. Family hotel. Comment: First of all, the staff, tobacco, all the employees are very attentive, the hotel is the most beautiful hotel you can stay in, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the breakfast is good, thank you for everything, my respects and greetings from Konya to the Olympic family 15. Comment: We were very pleased with the Olympic Hotel, which we visited with our family. We had a family room with 2 beds and a bunk bed. This is a family-friendly environment with a relaxed atmosphere. My family had a great time here, I think we will come back here. Comment: He was there with his family. Perfectly comfortable family room, smelled almost like a new, modern and spotlessly clean bathroom with at least 2m2 shower (felt like I was in a Turkish bath). Me and my family had a great time there 160. Review: Excellent Location and great value for money; breakfast is ok and family room is fine for couple with 2 kids! I can only recommend the family room, super spacious, cleanliness is great. Especially the windows of the family room on the ground floor open onto the cemetery. Review: Excellent Location and great value for money; breakfast is ok and family room is fine for couple with 2 kids! Comment: Rooms were very small, receptionist was not very friendly, kept staring at my children when they made even the slightest noise, room air conditioning was not working, I had to buy air cooler fans every night, no kettles and no water bottles.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 0.9
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 16
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: I complained and was offered another room but let it slide - another unfortunate solo traveller would no doubt fall into this hole! Exceptional swimming pool and spa. Comment: It is a very small hotel, the rooms are very narrow, there is no water in the bathroom and it flows very little. Comment: The hotel is normal for 3 stars, you can live there, the water is weak and lukewarm, there is no hot water. The water pressure in the room on the first floor was very weak. A guy came and did something to the unit and all this dirty black water came out. There was no water in the shower and many things were broken and missing, making it impossible to use the shower properly. The water was not draining and there was hair in the drain. The rooms are small (but it doesn't matter), cleaned every day (towels, bathroom accessories (shampoo, shower gel, body cream), water - changed every day). The water flow in the shower is barely running (a girl washing her hair… 118. Beds are made, bottles of drinking water are brought every day, shampoo and washing gels are brought every 2-3 days. There was a bottle of cold water in the refrigerator for each guest. Our fridge wasn't filled with water! Comment: Rooms are dirty, sheets are not changed, vacuum cleaner is not used, no water in bathrooms. Comment: Rooms were very small, receptionist was not very friendly, kept staring at my children when they made even the slightest noise, room air conditioning was not working, I had to buy air cooler fans every night, no kettles and no water bottles. Exceptional swimming pool and spa.

Kumsal için rating: 10.0
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: The room was clean enough and the bed was comfortable but then again I'm not travelling thousands of miles to rot in a hotel room so it was perfectly fine to shower and rest my head for a few hours: showers, showers, the air con cooling and the lights on. Breakfast was also pretty good but there were few seats. After a few minutes the sea can be seen. Comment: Very close to the main monuments (Hagia Sophia and Sultanahmet Mosque, Grand Bazaar also close to the sea)||Small, very generous.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 6.6
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Use of the spa requires an agreement with the sister hotel opposite - it should be free! The room we eventually got was extremely small and sauna-like, the window faced a wall and outside the window were cigarettes and empty boxes from previous hotel guests. Comment: Great service, very good treatment by staff. Comment: The carpet in the room is completely dirty, the breakfast buffet leaves much to be desired, the treatment of the staff is terrible, definitely not recommended, we will never return!

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 10.0
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Clean and quiet rooms a stone's throw from Hagia Sophia and Blue Flies 208. Comment: I recommend this establishment for several reasons.|1> the bedding is perfectly comfortable |2> the cleaning is impeccable and done in record time……Breakfast time..Remember that the sheets, duvets and towels are changed every day…Bravo Erdal … 232. The bed and mattress were amazing.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 10.0
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The service is excellent and the live music doubles the fun.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 10.0
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The service is excellent and the live music doubles the fun.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 10.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: This is a family-friendly environment with a relaxed atmosphere.

Balayı için rating: 0.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: In terms of location, it is a hotel with parking problems for private vehicles, but in terms of tourism and culture, it is a mid-range hotel in a first-class location.

