Hotel Name: Ic Hotels Airport

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Adults-Only Holiday', 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 8.8
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 232
All results text for Service Quality: There was a lack of friendliness of the staff at checkout. Yorum: Room is nice, breakfast is nice and hotel itself is very nice - but restaurant staff are very unhelpful and quite rude - make you seem stupid for asking things. Some of the concierge / reception staff are not helpful at all and sometimes ignore when you are talking - some of them are nice. The staff were friendly and attentive, making my stay even more enjoyable. The room was ok, the buffet varied, the staff pleasant. Service is very poor and staff pretty rude. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS! This hotel seems to cater towards air crew staff, but even for regular guest it is a great stop to start or end an adventure in southern Turkey. STAFF: polite and helpful. Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! Friendly staff and excellent facilities. Yorum: Hotel and staff both are lovely, brilliant customer service. The best part is the Hamam and message, We were two families, so we went for 5 message package, all of the staff were vwry good and it was one of the best experience. The staff are so polite and helpful. Yorum: Lovely hotel with amazing staff! Very friendly reception staff, taking fully care of all what is needed. Yorum: Beautiful place to visit and staff were so helpful and friendly. Staff always smiling and ready to help. The hotel has amazing spa and health center and the staff are very warm hearted and lovely. The entire staff was very kind, caring and efficient. Yorum: Great staff great service all round the man on reception was the nice person ever his name was Ibrahim. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. Yorum: It was the worst experience i ever had ||It was booked to us by turkish airline the hotel staff treat us badly , and it was very bad and not clean i found a spider at the dinner ||The staff at the night shift was awful i order a water on … 45. Good sized bathroom and friendly hotel staff. The location is no good because there is no shops or anything it’s of the highway, only good for airport staff because it’s close to the airport. The staff in the lobby is great! The staff in the hotel in general is very helpful, friendly and problem solving - even though they don’t allow problems to occur. Yorum: What an awesome hotel and absolutely kind and professional staff. Staff tried to accommodate all needs & succeeded! Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! We have always found the staff to be very attentive; we are always warmly greeted. The staff there was so nice and friendly. Room is perfect, friendly staff, welcome wine 62. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. All staff is helpful and have smiling faces. Staff is so professional and helpful. The staff are really friendly and made our short stay as comfortable as possible., The hotel looked clean with a really nice lounge next to the reception and a huge swimming pool with great sunbeds and umbrellas. Yorum: Fantastic wellness center with friendly and helpful wellness staff. Yorum: We had a perfect stay at IC Hotels, beautiful pool, nice breakfast with a large selection and friendly and helpfull staff. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Great staff. The staff was so kind, helpful and accommodating. The staff is very rude. Staff friendly. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. Yorum: The staff were incredibly welcoming, helpful and nice. Yorum: This ic airport hotel is amazing, the location is great , very scenic and the staff are so polite and proffesionall that they make your experience even more enjoyable. Yorum: Nice 4 star hotel, good breakfast comfortable rooms, helping staff. Yorum: The staff was incredibly nice, accomodating and helpful. Yorum: Friendly staff, really helpful, can be noisy due to planes but to be expected so close to the airport, perfect for a night's sleep and food if heading further into Turkey from antalya. Yorum: Absolutely a fantastic hotel staff are so helpful rooms are good i have stayed here twice now and will definitely be staying again 110. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Yorum: great hotel very friendly and polite staff , i will visit again 114. Food is great, staff is friendly. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel super service all staff are very professional and services in this hotel are really enjoyable. Yorum: Great staff working at the Spa! Staff really helpful. Yorum: As I was travelling with children all the staff were very helpful and accommodating to us. Yilmaz I thank you for a great staff and I really appreciate making it a stress free stay 127. Yorum: Everything was perfect, staff, meals, comfort of the room, facilities, pool, gym etc. Room was very clean staff very helpful 130. Yorum: Super place - friendly staff - super connection to the airport - has a certain colonial feel - will definitely stay here on my next trip in 131. Friendly staff and Welcoming management. All the staff there currently are super professional and polite 137. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel staff are super helpful, great facilities and alway would come back Thank you for a great time at your hotelMo 139. Great Hotel super helpful staff very nice pool wish I was staying longer. Great reception and restaurant staff. Yorum: I liked it here, clean with lots of facilities the staff where very friendly and helpful, as a stop over or for a few days its ideal, close to the airport and other facilities. Yorum: Very comfortable hotel with everything what you need, and very close to the airport, professional staff and perfect restaurant! Yorum: The hotel and staff was excellent. Thank-you to all the staff it was a pleasant stay 148. Yorum: Great staff, big room, big hotel. Yorum: A really nice, cozy place with great kitchen and highly friendly and professional staff. Yorum: Great stay, polite staff perfect for airport transfers would highly recommend 154. Yorum: The staff was very proffessional and kind. Yorum: Hotel and staff both are lovely, brilliant customer service. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Friendly staff and excellent facilities. Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! Room is perfect, friendly staff, welcome wine 62. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. Yorum: Friendly staff, really helpful, can be noisy due to planes but to be expected so close to the airport, perfect for a night's sleep and food if heading further into Turkey from antalya. Yorum: Super place - friendly staff - super connection to the airport - has a certain colonial feel - will definitely stay here on my next trip in 131. Friendly staff and Welcoming management. Yorum: Room is nice, breakfast is nice and hotel itself is very nice - but restaurant staff are very unhelpful and quite rude - make you seem stupid for asking things. Some of the concierge / reception staff are not helpful at all and sometimes ignore when you are talking - some of them are nice. Very friendly and helpful people. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS! STAFF: polite and helpful. Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! The staff are so polite and helpful. Yorum: Great spa facilities and amazing spa area Suzanne was very helpful haman was brilliant 28. Reception is beyond and above friendly and helpful. Yorum: Beautiful place to visit and staff were so helpful and friendly. The staff in the hotel in general is very helpful, friendly and problem solving - even though they don’t allow problems to occur. The restaurant is very tasty and everyone is very helpful, especially the diner run by Mr. All staff is helpful and have smiling faces. Staff is so professional and helpful. Yorum: Fantastic wellness center with friendly and helpful wellness staff. Yorum: We had a perfect stay at IC Hotels, beautiful pool, nice breakfast with a large selection and friendly and helpfull staff. Ahmet and Hazal at reception were extremely helpful in sorting out all queries and went the extra mile to support the ongoing trip to Fethiye! the stuff is very friendly and helpfully. All employees are really helpful and available to kindly guide you. The staff was so kind, helpful and accommodating. Sevil was really helpful to introduce the facility. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. Yorum: The staff were incredibly welcoming, helpful and nice. Yorum: The reception gentleman is very helpful! Yorum: The staff was incredibly nice, accomodating and helpful. Yorum: Friendly staff, really helpful, can be noisy due to planes but to be expected so close to the airport, perfect for a night's sleep and food if heading further into Turkey from antalya. Yorum: Absolutely a fantastic hotel staff are so helpful rooms are good i have stayed here twice now and will definitely be staying again 110. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Staff really helpful. Yorum: As I was travelling with children all the staff were very helpful and accommodating to us. Room was very clean staff very helpful 130. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel staff are super helpful, great facilities and alway would come back Thank you for a great time at your hotelMo 139. Great Hotel super helpful staff very nice pool wish I was staying longer. Yorum: I liked it here, clean with lots of facilities the staff where very friendly and helpful, as a stop over or for a few days its ideal, close to the airport and other facilities. There was a lack of friendliness of the staff at checkout. Yorum: Room is nice, breakfast is nice and hotel itself is very nice - but restaurant staff are very unhelpful and quite rude - make you seem stupid for asking things. Some of the concierge / reception staff are not helpful at all and sometimes ignore when you are talking - some of them are nice. The staff were friendly and attentive, making my stay even more enjoyable. The room was ok, the buffet varied, the staff pleasant. Service is very poor and staff pretty rude. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS! This hotel seems to cater towards air crew staff, but even for regular guest it is a great stop to start or end an adventure in southern Turkey. STAFF: polite and helpful. Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! Friendly staff and excellent facilities. Yorum: Hotel and staff both are lovely, brilliant customer service. The best part is the Hamam and message, We were two families, so we went for 5 message package, all of the staff were vwry good and it was one of the best experience. The staff are so polite and helpful. Yorum: Lovely hotel with amazing staff! Very friendly reception staff, taking fully care of all what is needed. Yorum: Beautiful place to visit and staff were so helpful and friendly. Staff always smiling and ready to help. The hotel has amazing spa and health center and the staff are very warm hearted and lovely. The entire staff was very kind, caring and efficient. Yorum: Great staff great service all round the man on reception was the nice person ever his name was Ibrahim. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. Yorum: It was the worst experience i ever had ||It was booked to us by turkish airline the hotel staff treat us badly , and it was very bad and not clean i found a spider at the dinner ||The staff at the night shift was awful i order a water on … 45. Good sized bathroom and friendly hotel staff. The location is no good because there is no shops or anything it’s of the highway, only good for airport staff because it’s close to the airport. The staff in the lobby is great! The staff in the hotel in general is very helpful, friendly and problem solving - even though they don’t allow problems to occur. Yorum: What an awesome hotel and absolutely kind and professional staff. Staff tried to accommodate all needs & succeeded! Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! We have always found the staff to be very attentive; we are always warmly greeted. The staff there was so nice and friendly. Room is perfect, friendly staff, welcome wine 62. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. All staff is helpful and have smiling faces. Staff is so professional and helpful. The staff are really friendly and made our short stay as comfortable as possible., The hotel looked clean with a really nice lounge next to the reception and a huge swimming pool with great sunbeds and umbrellas. Yorum: Fantastic wellness center with friendly and helpful wellness staff. Yorum: We had a perfect stay at IC Hotels, beautiful pool, nice breakfast with a large selection and friendly and helpfull staff. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Great staff. The staff was so kind, helpful and accommodating. The staff is very rude. Staff friendly. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. Yorum: The staff were incredibly welcoming, helpful and nice. Yorum: This ic airport hotel is amazing, the location is great , very scenic and the staff are so polite and proffesionall that they make your experience even more enjoyable. Yorum: Nice 4 star hotel, good breakfast comfortable rooms, helping staff. Yorum: The staff was incredibly nice, accomodating and helpful. Yorum: Friendly staff, really helpful, can be noisy due to planes but to be expected so close to the airport, perfect for a night's sleep and food if heading further into Turkey from antalya. Yorum: Absolutely a fantastic hotel staff are so helpful rooms are good i have stayed here twice now and will definitely be staying again 110. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Yorum: great hotel very friendly and polite staff , i will visit again 114. Food is great, staff is friendly. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel super service all staff are very professional and services in this hotel are really enjoyable. Yorum: Great staff working at the Spa! Staff really helpful. Yorum: As I was travelling with children all the staff were very helpful and accommodating to us. Yilmaz I thank you for a great staff and I really appreciate making it a stress free stay 127. Yorum: Everything was perfect, staff, meals, comfort of the room, facilities, pool, gym etc. Room was very clean staff very helpful 130. Yorum: Super place - friendly staff - super connection to the airport - has a certain colonial feel - will definitely stay here on my next trip in 131. Friendly staff and Welcoming management. All the staff there currently are super professional and polite 137. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel staff are super helpful, great facilities and alway would come back Thank you for a great time at your hotelMo 139. Great Hotel super helpful staff very nice pool wish I was staying longer. Great reception and restaurant staff. Yorum: I liked it here, clean with lots of facilities the staff where very friendly and helpful, as a stop over or for a few days its ideal, close to the airport and other facilities. Yorum: Very comfortable hotel with everything what you need, and very close to the airport, professional staff and perfect restaurant! Yorum: The hotel and staff was excellent. Thank-you to all the staff it was a pleasant stay 148. Yorum: Great staff, big room, big hotel. Yorum: A really nice, cozy place with great kitchen and highly friendly and professional staff. Yorum: Great stay, polite staff perfect for airport transfers would highly recommend 154. Yorum: The staff was very proffessional and kind. I also order room service; the price and service was great too! I stayed only for one night but had time to meet a very good service started from reception, service at restaurant (breakfast) and SPA. The Service was very good, thanks to Ahmet Kapal at the Service Desk, Suzanna and Diana from the Vaveyla-Spa Team, who helped me out and made my day! around 10-15 mins taxi to old town nice hotel but service not great at all 7. Service is very poor and staff pretty rude. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a stop over to Ercan airport North Cyprus, it is only 6 Mins from Antalya Airport with a free Yellow cab taxi both ways provided by the hotel, rooms are stunning with 24 Hr room service for late food if required, … 17. Yorum: Hotel and staff both are lovely, brilliant customer service. There are cheaper options around, but with the service you get here, I think you even save money and have a stress-free journey. The restaurant service is a bit "confused", and the decor is stark compared to the rest of the hotel. And room service was fast and good. Yorum: Great staff great service all round the man on reception was the nice person ever his name was Ibrahim. The price is affordable, and you won't believe the outstanding service they offer. 👌🏻🌞 Plus, they even provide a free shuttle service to the airport! Just a bit misunderstanding about the free taxi transfer service before I check in but the Manager immediately settled. After calling reception, they said a service agent will be right there. Finally a service person arrives, and they give us a different empty room right next door! It’s very conveniently located, the service is great, the rooms are lovely and new. The persons at the counter were very impolite and the service inacceptable. Yorum: Great hospitality and service. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Yorum: Needed to urgently book their free shuttle service, and hotel never got back to me,- they don’t reply to emails, they don’t pick up the phone, so had to pay for a taxi. Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. With free shuttle service. Very convenient for overnigjt stays between connecting flights with near-the-airport location and free airport transfer service. Yorum: I stayed there as I had business trip to Dubai the next day so I needed to eat well, enjoy the swimming pool and relax in the spa I appreciate the services supplied by this hotel. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Yorum: We had a great experience with my family, we loved the spa service and infrastructure, people is very kind and professional. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel super service all staff are very professional and services in this hotel are really enjoyable. The transfer service between hotel and airport is just perfect and it’s free 123. Room service was very good. Yorum: Very thankful for the services by this hotel I thank you and I will always use you. Room service is prompt 138. Yorum: Excellent location, great service, very spacious and beautifully decorated. Limited bar and bar service. Transfer service very useful. Yorum: Great experience I appreciate the services they provide from spa to airport transfers the foods great too 150.

Rating for Transportation Options: 9.1
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 135
All results text for Transportation Options: Very convenient transportation to the airport on request. Yorum: Very nice and kind stuff, because close to the airport but they need to give correct time about the airport transportation but so far acceptable 121. Nice to have free transport to the airport. Usually book a cheaper Hotel for transport, but will use this all the time now. Very convenient transportation to the airport on request. Yorum: Very nice and kind stuff, because close to the airport but they need to give correct time about the airport transportation but so far acceptable 121. The hotel pays for your taxi to and from the airport (contact them directly for more details). The hotel is near the airport,you need to take the yellow taxi. The taxi will … 5. around 10-15 mins taxi to old town nice hotel but service not great at all 7. All yellow taxis validate the trip to the hotel at the reception, so it is free for you. Yorum: I stayed just overnight with 2 kids and the hotel accommodated all our needs - free taxi, tasty food, big swimming pool. The hotel even covered the taxi fare to and from the airport, which was a nice bonus. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a stop over to Ercan airport North Cyprus, it is only 6 Mins from Antalya Airport with a free Yellow cab taxi both ways provided by the hotel, rooms are stunning with 24 Hr room service for late food if required, … 17. Just a bit misunderstanding about the free taxi transfer service before I check in but the Manager immediately settled. However the taxi driver took me to the wrong airport that hotel booked for me. Arrived late in evening and couldn't find the free shuttle but taxi was only 5euro. Yorum: Needed to urgently book their free shuttle service, and hotel never got back to me,- they don’t reply to emails, they don’t pick up the phone, so had to pay for a taxi. Note that if you want an airport transfer, you cannot call from your room and ask to reserve it, but you must go to check-in and wait up to 10min. The hotel pays for your taxi to and from the airport (contact them directly for more details). Yorum: We had the flight arriving late at the evening to Antalya,and looked for a one-night-stay near the airport for going to the resort the next day after breakfast. The hotel is near the airport,you need to take the yellow taxi. Yorum: A very nice Hotel, near the Airport, so it was perfect for me as a middle Stop between my destinations. Yorum: This is a very nice hotel, located only 5 min drive from the airport. The location is ideal, just a few minutes’ drive from Antalya International Airport, which is very convenient for travelers. The hotel even covered the taxi fare to and from the airport, which was a nice bonus. Despite being so close to the airport, the room was very quiet, and I didn’t hear any outside noise. Very close to airport, so easy for a short layover. Also free airport shuttle. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a stop over to Ercan airport North Cyprus, it is only 6 Mins from Antalya Airport with a free Yellow cab taxi both ways provided by the hotel, rooms are stunning with 24 Hr room service for late food if required, … 17. Yorum: A little pricey by region's standards, but correct price for being the "main airport hotel". the best airport Hotel that ive ever been! Yorum: Good hotel near the airport ROOMS: spacious room with a good-size bathroom. LOCATION: 3min drive from the International Airport. Free shuttle bus to the airport. Nice to have free transport to the airport. You get picked up from the airport and driven to the airport anytime for free, you get a really nice room with everything you need, a great breakfast and the option of a late check out. Yorum: Nice hotel in a traditional style, perfectly located to Antalya Airport. Location is very convenient, just 5 minutes away from the airport. Comment: A very nice hotel near the Antalya Airport. Very convenient transportation to the airport on request. This hotel is located just by Antalya airport. Yorum: Beautiful hotel with great proximity to the Antalya airport. We were collected and taken back to the airport by free hotel transfer. 👌🏻🌞 Plus, they even provide a free shuttle service to the airport! However the taxi driver took me to the wrong airport that hotel booked for me. If you are arriving on a late flight and picking up a car from the airport the next day, this absolutely does the job. Free airport shuttle and around a 5m trip. The location is no good because there is no shops or anything it’s of the highway, only good for airport staff because it’s close to the airport. They provided VIP transfer from and to the airport. Review: Best airport hotel I've ever stayed in! Being close to the airport you’ll obviously hear planes, but assuming you’re landing late or taking off early, this is a very convenient place to stay! Proximity to the airport = closely passing airplanes may be annoying to some. They seem to remember us even though we stay in this hotel perhaps four times per year as it is conveniently located just outside the airport and the hotel stay helps breakup our marathon trip from the US. Didn't feel like a city airport hotel (except for the planes). Yorum: First off, this is an airport hotel, expect guests at all hours of the night and day. Yorum: It's close to the airport but it's still big and has an SPA , Swimming pool, etc... Airport shuttle is available. It’s close to the airport so if you have no other choice then go ahead but there is a slight chance of having a better replacement, definitely do it. As always a pleasururable to stay at IC Hotel Airport! Yorum: Perfect located Hotel,by car 5min from Airport Antalya. Yorum: Fantastic hotel nearby the Airport. Very close to the airport. There was a rotten fruit basket in my room and that the airport shuttle did not show up. Really close to the airport just a 3Minutes drive. Yorum: We had a lovely stay at IC Hotels (airport). Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. Yorum: Hotel very close to the airport. Yorum: This ic airport hotel is amazing, the location is great , very scenic and the staff are so polite and proffesionall that they make your experience even more enjoyable. Very convenient for overnigjt stays between connecting flights with near-the-airport location and free airport transfer service. Yorum: Friendly staff, really helpful, can be noisy due to planes but to be expected so close to the airport, perfect for a night's sleep and food if heading further into Turkey from antalya. Yorum: The closest hotel to airport is not very new, but clean. Yorum: Hotel is very close to the airport, so it means very noisy. Yorum: Nice hotel for stay near the airport. Yorum: Very nice hotel for staying near the airport, but also not that far from the center. Yorum: Very nice and kind stuff, because close to the airport but they need to give correct time about the airport transportation but so far acceptable 121. The transfer service between hotel and airport is just perfect and it’s free 123. Yorum: Great hotel ,great location for the airport. Very close to Antalya airport. Yorum: Super place - friendly staff - super connection to the airport - has a certain colonial feel - will definitely stay here on my next trip in 131. Comment: Good airport hotel. As a airport hotel, its really nice. Yorum: If all you need is a clean efficient place to stay by Antalya airport, than I recommend IC Hotel Airport! Close to Airport. Yorum: Extremely close to the airport, nice buffet restaurant. Yorum: Well designed hotel so close to the Antalya Airport with very kind stuff and delicious meals enjoy there. Yorum: I liked it here, clean with lots of facilities the staff where very friendly and helpful, as a stop over or for a few days its ideal, close to the airport and other facilities. Yorum: Very comfortable hotel with everything what you need, and very close to the airport, professional staff and perfect restaurant! Yorum: The best hotel to stay one night after the evening flight to antalya So so close to the airport Not very good breakfast So big swimming pool The rooms not renewed but they are nice I stayed with my family we don't have big complain and we will book it again 149. Yorum: Great experience I appreciate the services they provide from spa to airport transfers the foods great too 150. Yorum: Great stay, polite staff perfect for airport transfers would highly recommend 154. Yorum: IC Hotels Airport Antalya has the best SPA experience. Yorum: Perfect location for Antalya Airport but off site so more reasonably priced. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! Free shuttle bus to the airport. Yorum: Lovely couple of nights on business at this hotel. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. Yorum: I stayed there as I had business trip to Dubai the next day so I needed to eat well, enjoy the swimming pool and relax in the spa I appreciate the services supplied by this hotel. There is a bus stop to city centre including bus station. They also have meeting rooms and parking available. Meeting rooms, car parking. Good value for money .|Food was good and parking right next to the hotel. The location is ideal, just a few minutes’ drive from Antalya International Airport, which is very convenient for travelers. LOCATION: 3min drive from the International Airport. Location is very convenient, just 5 minutes away from the airport. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. The location is no good because there is no shops or anything it’s of the highway, only good for airport staff because it’s close to the airport. The location of the hotel is very convenient if you have a transfer. Yorum: The location is very good for me. Yorum: Great hotel in great location. Yorum: This ic airport hotel is amazing, the location is great , very scenic and the staff are so polite and proffesionall that they make your experience even more enjoyable. Very convenient for overnigjt stays between connecting flights with near-the-airport location and free airport transfer service. Yorum: Great hotel ,great location for the airport. location is convenient, food is good and the cats are friendly :)) 132. Yorum: Excellent location, great service, very spacious and beautifully decorated. Yorum: Perfect location for Antalya Airport but off site so more reasonably priced. Yorum: Fantastic hotel nearby the Airport. If I'm in the area again, I would definitely stay here without a doubt! Overall, this hotel exceeded my expectations, and I’d definitely stay here again if I’m in the area. The outdoor pool area ia absolutely beautiful. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS! Yorum: Great spa facilities and amazing spa area Suzanne was very helpful haman was brilliant 28. Fitness area and massage was also on point! (contact them to confirm this is the same for your trip.) The place seemed very large, spacious and safe to me. Comment: Very nice place indeed. Yorum: Beautiful place to visit and staff were so helpful and friendly. This place is huge and the pool is simply amazing! Being close to the airport you’ll obviously hear planes, but assuming you’re landing late or taking off early, this is a very convenient place to stay! It’s close to the airport so if you have no other choice then go ahead but there is a slight chance of having a better replacement, definitely do it. Overall a great place to stay and relax 79. Great place to stay. such a hotel is not a place for such people to work. Yorum: Super place - friendly staff - super connection to the airport - has a certain colonial feel - will definitely stay here on my next trip in 131. Yorum: If all you need is a clean efficient place to stay by Antalya airport, than I recommend IC Hotel Airport! Yorum: A really nice, cozy place with great kitchen and highly friendly and professional staff.

Rating for Water Slides: 9.3
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 72
All results text for Water Slides: The outdoor pool was lovely, fully in the shade in the afternoon. Beautiful pool where you can see plains landing / taking off. Yorum: I stayed just overnight with 2 kids and the hotel accommodated all our needs - free taxi, tasty food, big swimming pool. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! The hotel also has a restaurant for lunch or dinner and two bars—one by the pool and another in the lobby. The hotel offers solid facilities, including reliable WiFi with speeds of 8 Mbps down and 16 Mbps up, a gym, both indoor and outdoor pools, and a spa with a sauna and hammam. A special mention for the waiter on roller skates near the pool, our chambermaid Ismahan and the waiter at the restaurant Ekrem who were all 3 super great! There is a huge outdoor & indoor pool. The outdoor pool area ia absolutely beautiful. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS! There are two bars on site: pool bar and lobby bar. FACILITIES: good wi-fi, gym, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna/hammam. Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! The facilities included price are fantastic Sauna/Massage/ indoor Pool. Swimming pool was a welcome as very hot. The spa has huge fitness center, squash, pool hamam, sauna and steam. We used the sauna, steam room and pool. This place is huge and the pool is simply amazing! Yorum: It is a very nice and cozy hotel, and they have an amazing spa, where I have enjoyed 2 hours and a half of indoor pool, saunas, turkish hammam and massage. The garden and the pool is incredible, we enjoyed the beautiful weather in Antalya and the amenities in the hotel. There is a lovely pool outside and the restaurant food wasn’t bad at all for a buffer. I liked the pool very much. Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! Windowed doors open to a view of the pool and palm trees. Pool lush first thing, backing onto woodlands. Yorum: Very nice hotel, not many people, amazing breakfast, great pool and saunas. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. The staff are really friendly and made our short stay as comfortable as possible., The hotel looked clean with a really nice lounge next to the reception and a huge swimming pool with great sunbeds and umbrellas. Yorum: Amazing very nice hotel clean simple minimalistic and nice has a spa a nice looking gym a good pool the pool looks very nice and big and the receptioncan talk well english very nice I hope they can make these alive more thanks 😊 And extra things this hostel is very quit no noise so that I'd a big major roll for me just the planes you can hear but that not a big ussui 70. Yorum: It's close to the airport but it's still big and has an SPA , Swimming pool, etc... Yorum: We had a perfect stay at IC Hotels, beautiful pool, nice breakfast with a large selection and friendly and helpfull staff. nice garden with big pool . Swimming pools, sauna and hammam are just what you need to totally chill. Yorum: A dream stay for plane spotters: you can enjoy swimming pool with planes over your head. Lovely pool. Free WiFi available, big swimming pool, spa and gym facilities. Yorum: I stayed there as I had business trip to Dubai the next day so I needed to eat well, enjoy the swimming pool and relax in the spa I appreciate the services supplied by this hotel. It has two swimming pools and outdoor one is covered by trees. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Nice garden and swimming pool. Yorum: Loved it nice pool, nice rooms, stayed one night as flight cancled, just had free breakfast but it was nice hotel 117. Only wished I had time to use the huge pool! Yorum: Everything was perfect, staff, meals, comfort of the room, facilities, pool, gym etc. Pool is nice. Alotof facilities, gym, swiming pool etc. But the outside and pool is is nice 140. Great Hotel super helpful staff very nice pool wish I was staying longer. Yorum: The best hotel to stay one night after the evening flight to antalya So so close to the airport Not very good breakfast So big swimming pool The rooms not renewed but they are nice I stayed with my family we don't have big complain and we will book it again 149. Yorum: Overall good experience, clean nice rooms, nice pool, spa and gym 152. Garden and pool are very nice. I was upgraded to a Deluxe Room, which felt very premium and supplied all amenities, a dessert and a coffee station with water. The minibar, which included water, was complimentary. Complementary Wine, water & Fruit Tray were provided. There are a sofa, a safe in the room, minibar (water, wine) is for free. Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! Hotel was great, room was clean and had welcome sweets 🍬 and bottled water. Yorum: It was the worst experience i ever had ||It was booked to us by turkish airline the hotel staff treat us badly , and it was very bad and not clean i found a spider at the dinner ||The staff at the night shift was awful i order a water on … 45. Yorum: I stayed just overnight with 2 kids and the hotel accommodated all our needs - free taxi, tasty food, big swimming pool. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! Swimming pool was a welcome as very hot. Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! The staff are really friendly and made our short stay as comfortable as possible., The hotel looked clean with a really nice lounge next to the reception and a huge swimming pool with great sunbeds and umbrellas. Yorum: It's close to the airport but it's still big and has an SPA , Swimming pool, etc... Swimming pools, sauna and hammam are just what you need to totally chill. Yorum: A dream stay for plane spotters: you can enjoy swimming pool with planes over your head. Free WiFi available, big swimming pool, spa and gym facilities. Yorum: I stayed there as I had business trip to Dubai the next day so I needed to eat well, enjoy the swimming pool and relax in the spa I appreciate the services supplied by this hotel. It has two swimming pools and outdoor one is covered by trees. Nice garden and swimming pool. Yorum: The best hotel to stay one night after the evening flight to antalya So so close to the airport Not very good breakfast So big swimming pool The rooms not renewed but they are nice I stayed with my family we don't have big complain and we will book it again 149. The outdoor pool area ia absolutely beautiful. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS!

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 9.9
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 70
All results text for Spa and Wellness: Lady who booked me for a spa just fantastic! I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! The hotel offers solid facilities, including reliable WiFi with speeds of 8 Mbps down and 16 Mbps up, a gym, both indoor and outdoor pools, and a spa with a sauna and hammam. FACILITIES: good wi-fi, gym, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna/hammam. Loved the spa and thanks to Susan and Reci. Yorum: Great spa facilities and amazing spa area Suzanne was very helpful haman was brilliant 28. The hotel has amazing spa and health center and the staff are very warm hearted and lovely. The spa has huge fitness center, squash, pool hamam, sauna and steam. My best experience is having massage after long flights and relax at the spa and end up with hamam and warm pemogranade tea! We also had a spa treatment. When I come back to Antalya I would do this spa treatment again at this hotel! The lady who sells the spa package just would not stop harassing us and also the kids to buy creams and have packages etc 39. We were also in spa and experienced full body massage which was relaxing and refreshing. The spa experience was amazing. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. Yorum: Amazing very nice hotel clean simple minimalistic and nice has a spa a nice looking gym a good pool the pool looks very nice and big and the receptioncan talk well english very nice I hope they can make these alive more thanks 😊 And extra things this hostel is very quit no noise so that I'd a big major roll for me just the planes you can hear but that not a big ussui 70. Yorum: It's close to the airport but it's still big and has an SPA , Swimming pool, etc... We booked a spa appointment, where two ladies took us through sauna, steam bath, hamam and then we had the best massage ever and finished off with a private jacuzzi. Yorum: It has really nice spa and fitness center inside. Free WiFi available, big swimming pool, spa and gym facilities. Yorum: I stayed there as I had business trip to Dubai the next day so I needed to eat well, enjoy the swimming pool and relax in the spa I appreciate the services supplied by this hotel. I had a massage in the Spa and it was amazing. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Yorum: We had a great experience with my family, we loved the spa service and infrastructure, people is very kind and professional. Yorum: Great experience I appreciate the services they provide from spa to airport transfers the foods great too 150. Yorum: Overall good experience, clean nice rooms, nice pool, spa and gym 152. Yorum: IC Hotels Airport Antalya has the best SPA experience. Yorum: Fantastic wellness center with friendly and helpful wellness staff. She recommended me best massage ever 🫠 She speaks several languages and very friendly. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! Yorum: Thank you to Suzan for great suggestion for a massage. Her enthusiasm made me go for it and experience probably the best massage I’ve ever gotten. Best massage I've ever experienced and a great first hamam. The facilities included price are fantastic Sauna/Massage/ indoor Pool. Male massage therapist was very creepy and I wouldn’t recommend getting a massage by the male therapist working there. My best experience is having massage after long flights and relax at the spa and end up with hamam and warm pemogranade tea! Yorum: The hamas (Turkish bath) combined with a massage was wonderful. Yorum: Had a wonderful Turkish bath and massage. Yorum: It is a very nice and cozy hotel, and they have an amazing spa, where I have enjoyed 2 hours and a half of indoor pool, saunas, turkish hammam and massage. We were also in spa and experienced full body massage which was relaxing and refreshing. Fitness area and massage was also on point! I especially liked the massage therapist Mary from the spa. Wonderful master of medical massage. We booked a spa appointment, where two ladies took us through sauna, steam bath, hamam and then we had the best massage ever and finished off with a private jacuzzi. I loved massage. I had a massage in the Spa and it was amazing. We had a couple procedure with hammam and massage, it was great! I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! The hotel offers solid facilities, including reliable WiFi with speeds of 8 Mbps down and 16 Mbps up, a gym, both indoor and outdoor pools, and a spa with a sauna and hammam. FACILITIES: good wi-fi, gym, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna/hammam. The facilities included price are fantastic Sauna/Massage/ indoor Pool. The spa has huge fitness center, squash, pool hamam, sauna and steam. We used the sauna, steam room and pool. Yorum: It is a very nice and cozy hotel, and they have an amazing spa, where I have enjoyed 2 hours and a half of indoor pool, saunas, turkish hammam and massage. Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! Yorum: Very nice hotel, not many people, amazing breakfast, great pool and saunas. We booked a spa appointment, where two ladies took us through sauna, steam bath, hamam and then we had the best massage ever and finished off with a private jacuzzi. Swimming pools, sauna and hammam are just what you need to totally chill. The team of the hotel has thought of every little detail for your pleasant stay and relaxation. We also had a spa treatment. When I come back to Antalya I would do this spa treatment again at this hotel! The hotel has amazing spa and health center and the staff are very warm hearted and lovely. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! The hotel offers solid facilities, including reliable WiFi with speeds of 8 Mbps down and 16 Mbps up, a gym, both indoor and outdoor pools, and a spa with a sauna and hammam. FACILITIES: good wi-fi, gym, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna/hammam. Yorum: It is a very nice and cozy hotel, and they have an amazing spa, where I have enjoyed 2 hours and a half of indoor pool, saunas, turkish hammam and massage. Swimming pools, sauna and hammam are just what you need to totally chill. We had a couple procedure with hammam and massage, it was great! We booked a spa appointment, where two ladies took us through sauna, steam bath, hamam and then we had the best massage ever and finished off with a private jacuzzi. We used the sauna, steam room and pool.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 8.8
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 29
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: The cleanliness is very nice. Our Room was huge & clean. Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! Room always cleaned . Rooms are clean. That's why there are always plenty of clean plates available at Buffets. Very clean, rooms are of high spec. Hotel was great, room was clean and had welcome sweets 🍬 and bottled water. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. Yorum: It was the worst experience i ever had ||It was booked to us by turkish airline the hotel staff treat us badly , and it was very bad and not clean i found a spider at the dinner ||The staff at the night shift was awful i order a water on … 45. We really enjoyed our short stay, had a very delicious dinner and breakfast and slept well in a very comfortable and clean room. The cleanliness is very nice. It’s comfortable and clean with a good selection of food and drink. The staff are really friendly and made our short stay as comfortable as possible., The hotel looked clean with a really nice lounge next to the reception and a huge swimming pool with great sunbeds and umbrellas. Yorum: Amazing very nice hotel clean simple minimalistic and nice has a spa a nice looking gym a good pool the pool looks very nice and big and the receptioncan talk well english very nice I hope they can make these alive more thanks 😊 And extra things this hostel is very quit no noise so that I'd a big major roll for me just the planes you can hear but that not a big ussui 70. Rooms very clean, all facilities and an exceptional breakfast! Big,nice and clean rooms. Yorum: Spacious, clean rooms. Fitness center is clean and well equipped. Clean, complementary, new, and big. Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. Yorum: The closest hotel to airport is not very new, but clean. Clean, friendly and welcoming. Room was very clean staff very helpful 130. Yorum: If all you need is a clean efficient place to stay by Antalya airport, than I recommend IC Hotel Airport! Yorum: Very nice and clean hotel,food is very good. Nice and clean. Yorum: I liked it here, clean with lots of facilities the staff where very friendly and helpful, as a stop over or for a few days its ideal, close to the airport and other facilities. Yorum: Overall good experience, clean nice rooms, nice pool, spa and gym 152.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 9.7
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 16
All results text for Sports Facilities: The spa has huge fitness center, squash, pool hamam, sauna and steam. Fitness area and massage was also on point! Yorum: It has really nice spa and fitness center inside. Fitness center is clean and well equipped. The hotel offers solid facilities, including reliable WiFi with speeds of 8 Mbps down and 16 Mbps up, a gym, both indoor and outdoor pools, and a spa with a sauna and hammam. The Hotel had a beautiful gym that would rival any professional facility as well as a Spa. FACILITIES: good wi-fi, gym, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna/hammam. The gym is fully equipped. Even better than the gym we pay to go to locally. Yorum: Amazing very nice hotel clean simple minimalistic and nice has a spa a nice looking gym a good pool the pool looks very nice and big and the receptioncan talk well english very nice I hope they can make these alive more thanks 😊 And extra things this hostel is very quit no noise so that I'd a big major roll for me just the planes you can hear but that not a big ussui 70. Gym with every equipment you need to workout. Free WiFi available, big swimming pool, spa and gym facilities. Yorum: Everything was perfect, staff, meals, comfort of the room, facilities, pool, gym etc. Alotof facilities, gym, swiming pool etc. Yorum: Overall good experience, clean nice rooms, nice pool, spa and gym 152. Yorum: Fantastic wellness center with friendly and helpful wellness staff.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 5.8
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 15
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a family with two kids. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. In fact all family got something for good deal. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Yorum: We had a great experience with my family, we loved the spa service and infrastructure, people is very kind and professional. Yorum: The best hotel to stay one night after the evening flight to antalya So so close to the airport Not very good breakfast So big swimming pool The rooms not renewed but they are nice I stayed with my family we don't have big complain and we will book it again 149. Yorum: I stayed just overnight with 2 kids and the hotel accommodated all our needs - free taxi, tasty food, big swimming pool. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! For kids, there’s a playground in the woods by the garden. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a family with two kids. kids got free chocolate message and were al looked after. The lady who sells the spa package just would not stop harassing us and also the kids to buy creams and have packages etc 39. - the hotel lobby and outside looks wonderfull but there are children running and screaming at the night 00 hours at the front of other guests rooms, it was awfull! Bed bugs have devoured the arms of my wife and my children, trays of food in the middle of the corridors and waiters sulking at the buffet in the morning A word of advice, to avoid! Yorum: As I was travelling with children all the staff were very helpful and accommodating to us.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 4.8
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 11
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a family with two kids. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. In fact all family got something for good deal. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Yorum: We had a great experience with my family, we loved the spa service and infrastructure, people is very kind and professional. Yorum: The best hotel to stay one night after the evening flight to antalya So so close to the airport Not very good breakfast So big swimming pool The rooms not renewed but they are nice I stayed with my family we don't have big complain and we will book it again 149. They forgot to give us a baby bed when we checked in, but this was fixed after two reminders. Thank you for having me and my little baby girl! - the hotel lobby and outside looks wonderfull but there are children running and screaming at the night 00 hours at the front of other guests rooms, it was awfull! Bed bugs have devoured the arms of my wife and my children, trays of food in the middle of the corridors and waiters sulking at the buffet in the morning A word of advice, to avoid! Yorum: As I was travelling with children all the staff were very helpful and accommodating to us.

Rating for Special Menu: 10.0
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 3
All results text for Special Menu: There was a Buffet Style Restaurant that provided meals, breakfast starting as early as 430am. Yorum: Everything was perfect, staff, meals, comfort of the room, facilities, pool, gym etc. Yorum: Well designed hotel so close to the Antalya Airport with very kind stuff and delicious meals enjoy there.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 10.0
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: The team of the hotel has thought of every little detail for your pleasant stay and relaxation. Calm atmosphere, cozy, relaxing.

Rating for Honeymoon: 10.0
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 2
All results text for Honeymoon: Nice ,gentle personnel and private like relation to details. We booked a spa appointment, where two ladies took us through sauna, steam bath, hamam and then we had the best massage ever and finished off with a private jacuzzi.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 10.0
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 1
All results text for Pet-Friendly: location is convenient, food is good and the cats are friendly :)) 132.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 10.0
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: The team of the hotel has thought of every little detail for your pleasant stay and relaxation.

