Otel İsmi: Ic Hotels Green Palace

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Uzaktan Çalışma', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 8.7
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 343
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: When a hotel is fully staffed, the result is poor service quality due to the large number of activities and the inability to catch up… During a meal break, everyone, including the towel staff. Yorum: We were there with my son, there were plenty of attractions for children, the staff spoke very little English. Some staff make it clear that they expect a tip. The staff is polite, helpful and friendly. The clubs and children's clubs are well-equipped and the staff working there are very enthusiastic about their work and caring for the children. We had a great time, all the staff were friendly and helpful, always making our daughters smile and laugh.… 23. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the staff are very hard working… 24. The staff are friendly and caring. There is a catastrophic shortage of waiters, bartenders and other service staff are extremely unfriendly. Special thanks to the staff - they meet you halfway. Friendly staff, I especially want to mention Shukra, she is polite and always asks how you are. The staff is friendly. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful – very clean and the staff are welcoming. We have always found the staff to be very friendly (even… 36. Very child friendly and the staff go out of their way to ensure your stay is enjoyable. The staff is friendly and provides good service. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. However, their classes are very nice, but they can solve this situation if the problem of lack of staff and managers is eliminated. First of all, all the hotel staff were very helpful and caring, I didn't know who to thank. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. In general the hotel staff lacked initiative and were not very helpful. With improvements to customer service and a friendlier, more engaging staff, the resort can provide a much better experience. The hotel staff is very friendly. There are clear rules and the staff is very good at supervising. The cleaning staff could pay more attention when cleaning. Right behind them, a staff with brushes and a bucket full of bleach and water in their hands cleans even the smallest stains. The check-in process was smooth and the staff made every effort to make me feel welcome. Every staff member I encountered was courteous, professional and truly committed to making my stay perfect. Basically, everywhere you go you are constantly being followed and watched by hotel staff. Yorum: Friendly and helpful staff. I have never seen such staff who do their job properly and deserve every penny of what they earn. Or some staff (one, two or three) were not very nice with non-Turkish speakers, which was really discriminatory for a tourist hotel. Please staff happy because they made us very happy and that is why we chose the IC Hotels group again They took the initiative Merta Orcana 59. Mürsel and the entire reception staff. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help. Yorum: Service was excellent, staff|Always friendly and welcoming.|Food was great... The staff was very friendly. Even though it was the beginning of the season in hotel service, some of the staff were bored. The hotel staff, at least the ones I dealt with, are well-meaning people trying to do something selflessly. When a hotel is fully staffed, the result is poor service quality due to the large number of activities and the inability to catch up… During a meal break, everyone, including the towel staff. Friendly staff. All the sun loungers by the pools are occupied by "towels" and "personal items"; the staff does not remove them even after several hours, and the guests behave "collectively", taking a place and returning only in the evening. Yorum: First of all, for me the most decisive sentence in hotel reviews is the answer to the question "Would you come again?" I can very comfortably answer this question and say, "I will definitely come again." The food, the activities, the ton of staff…not an hour goes by without activity. Thanks to the cleaning staff on the 3rd floor, especially Mrs. Ayşe Dudu, who sewed a swan from a quilt for my son's bed every day 😘 The staff were very friendly, the waiters Ibrahim By, İmran By and Birgül were very sweet people. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. It is also worth mentioning that the staff try so hard to fulfill your every wish that you can't ask for more! There is a large selection of food, but they are also understaffed. None of the reception staff made any effort to listen. All the staff from A to Z were friendly and polite. The biggest problem with the hotel is that there is no staff at the pool that you can ask for help. The food is excellent, the staff is polite, at the reception they speak Russian. All the other staff are very caring and polite, it is obvious that they all love their job and I am happy to feel that. The food was delicious, the staff polite and very child friendly. The food at the hotel is great, the staff is very friendly and helpful with everything. and it was quite a good experience The staff works very hard because the hotel is crowded.... The staff is nice and helpful but gets confused and disoriented due to the crowds. Yorum: The guest service staff were rude, they were not Turkish, one said she was German and the other said she was Ukrainian and from another country, which is not very nice, when I said my son is 12, they said you know we can check... The check-in staff were really nice though. The staff seemed rude but I think it's because they are overworked. The rooms are old and the biggest problem is the lack of staff. They must do one of the following: either lower their prices to match four-star hotels to meet the proper expectations of their customers, or raise their standards, from staff numbers to interior furnishings. Despite these minor setbacks the staff were incredibly friendly, the hotel was clean and the entertainment was fantastic. The staff are very nice. The restaurant staff is very respectful and happy to help you. The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... The staff is really attentive. We really enjoyed it, the staff were very friendly, we ate until we dropped. Many thanks to her and all the staff. The staff is also very friendly. The staff was so nice to him. The most important thing that makes these positive features even more beautiful is: "The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in all important matters..!! The staff working in every department so far has been incredibly nice. The staff that runs the activities are also amazing. The staff is welcoming, friendly and hardworking. + However, it is necessary to highlight the excellent service of the staff, especially the cleaning staff and the restaurant staff. Friendly staff, everything is kept clean, large selection of food and… 120. The staff were very friendly and helpful which made our experience that much more enjoyable. We would like to thank the staff at our kids club who I can't remember, and our cleaner in that section. The service is poor and the staff in the restaurant and bars are so unfriendly that they look at you sideways (like it's been 7 days of rain) and just throw ice cream in your face! The staff are busy chatting among themselves and clearing your plates instead of asking what you would like to drink. We had an unfortunate incident where I dropped my iPad in the water at the table, the wait staff retrieved it and were very helpful. The staff is very friendly and approachable. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always ready to help with any questions. I would like to thank all the staff for the nice service, especially the waiter HAMZA, who every evening made us very happy with the service he provided to us and all the tables with his clean and smiling face every evening. The exchange was no problem at all and the guest services and front desk staff were very helpful. All the staff were very friendly and problem-solving oriented. All the staff were fantastic throughout the stay. The rooms were kept clean daily and once again the staff were lovely. The service was amazing from all the staff but we wanted to give a special mention to two particular staff members who were Gulcan our lovely lady with kumpir, waffles and pasta. Yorum: This has been our only choice in recent years due to the food, cleanliness, attractions and excellent staff. Thank you to all the staff for all your hard work. Excellent service, staff always ready to help and respond to any request. The 2 stars are for the more or less good food, although not very beautifully presented, the reception staff who really tried hard and were very nice, and also a few nice bar staff who you can count on the fingers of one hand. Good food, caring staff. Thoughtful, caring staff! Yorum: Beautiful hotel, short flight from airport The restaurant staff are the friendliest at the hotel. First of all, the staff deserves a big applause! The staff were very professional. The staff were always friendly, helpful and extremely polite. The food, the pools, the bar (especially the mixology), the staff - you are the best! Various entertainment activities are organized every evening and the staff is discreet and polite. The cleanliness of the hotel, the care and attention of the staff, cleaning, pools, food, drinks... I would like to thank all the hotel staff, especially my brother Imran from the snack bar, for their interest, care and kind approach. The rooms are a bit outdated, but the friendly staff makes up for it. |The staff tries very hard. Best hotel, very friendly staff and above all very clean. In summary, we had a very nice holiday with friendly staff who are at your disposal! Sultan, the head of staff, for making the main restaurant and the a la carte snack amazing. Nice animation, helpful staff and friendly animators! I complained to the front desk and the staff were truly AMAZING. Lots of staff, everything is always clean or cleaned quickly, everyone is friendly and relaxed. All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful, making our stay enjoyable and stress free. some of the staff (who supervise the waiters due to their different shirts) line up to serve their food at the same time as the hotel residents😐 I've never seen anything like this before! It is truly surprising that some of the staff at this hotel are disturbingly rude. ||Really warm and very clean hotel.|The staff are wonderful. The friendliness of everything Staff! The food in the hotel restaurants and cafeteria was of good quality and plenty of choice (special sweet buffet with macaroons, sweets and cookies) Great all inclusive concept, the staff is super friendly and helpful. With improvements to customer service and a friendlier, more engaging staff, the resort can provide a much better experience. Friendly staff, I especially want to mention Shukra, she is polite and always asks how you are. Friendly staff. Friendly staff, everything is kept clean, large selection of food and… 120. The rooms are a bit outdated, but the friendly staff makes up for it. Best hotel, very friendly staff and above all very clean. In summary, we had a very nice holiday with friendly staff who are at your disposal! Very nice and helpful service. The service in the restaurant and cafe was nice and helpful (sometimes they cleared the plates too quickly :) ). The staff is polite, helpful and friendly. We had a great time, all the staff were friendly and helpful, always making our daughters smile and laugh.… 23. Alexandra and Ozan from Guest Services were also very helpful. First of all, all the hotel staff were very helpful and caring, I didn't know who to thank. Hakan in the aqua park was very helpful and friendly. In general the hotel staff lacked initiative and were not very helpful. Yorum: Friendly and helpful staff. The girl at the front desk was very helpful upon check-in. The food at the hotel is great, the staff is very friendly and helpful with everything. The staff is nice and helpful but gets confused and disoriented due to the crowds. The most important thing that makes these positive features even more beautiful is: "The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in all important matters..!! They were always friendly, helpful and did their job with a smile. The staff were very friendly and helpful which made our experience that much more enjoyable. We had an unfortunate incident where I dropped my iPad in the water at the table, the wait staff retrieved it and were very helpful. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always ready to help with any questions. The exchange was no problem at all and the guest services and front desk staff were very helpful. When the waiters saw this, they were usually helpful. The receptionist at the residence (Tugce) was very friendly and helpful. Cleaning is also very helpful. The staff were always friendly, helpful and extremely polite. Nice animation, helpful staff and friendly animators! I don't usually take names of employees, but I want to say a big thank you to Lyubov, she was very helpful. All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful, making our stay enjoyable and stress free. The food in the hotel restaurants and cafeteria was of good quality and plenty of choice (special sweet buffet with macaroons, sweets and cookies) Great all inclusive concept, the staff is super friendly and helpful. Yorum: We were there with my son, there were plenty of attractions for children, the staff spoke very little English. Some staff make it clear that they expect a tip. The staff is polite, helpful and friendly. The clubs and children's clubs are well-equipped and the staff working there are very enthusiastic about their work and caring for the children. We had a great time, all the staff were friendly and helpful, always making our daughters smile and laugh.… 23. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the staff are very hard working… 24. The staff are friendly and caring. There is a catastrophic shortage of waiters, bartenders and other service staff are extremely unfriendly. Special thanks to the staff - they meet you halfway. Friendly staff, I especially want to mention Shukra, she is polite and always asks how you are. The staff is friendly. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful – very clean and the staff are welcoming. We have always found the staff to be very friendly (even… 36. Very child friendly and the staff go out of their way to ensure your stay is enjoyable. The staff is friendly and provides good service. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. However, their classes are very nice, but they can solve this situation if the problem of lack of staff and managers is eliminated. First of all, all the hotel staff were very helpful and caring, I didn't know who to thank. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. In general the hotel staff lacked initiative and were not very helpful. With improvements to customer service and a friendlier, more engaging staff, the resort can provide a much better experience. The hotel staff is very friendly. There are clear rules and the staff is very good at supervising. The cleaning staff could pay more attention when cleaning. Right behind them, a staff with brushes and a bucket full of bleach and water in their hands cleans even the smallest stains. The check-in process was smooth and the staff made every effort to make me feel welcome. Every staff member I encountered was courteous, professional and truly committed to making my stay perfect. Basically, everywhere you go you are constantly being followed and watched by hotel staff. Yorum: Friendly and helpful staff. I have never seen such staff who do their job properly and deserve every penny of what they earn. Or some staff (one, two or three) were not very nice with non-Turkish speakers, which was really discriminatory for a tourist hotel. Please staff happy because they made us very happy and that is why we chose the IC Hotels group again They took the initiative Merta Orcana 59. Mürsel and the entire reception staff. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help. Yorum: Service was excellent, staff|Always friendly and welcoming.|Food was great... The staff was very friendly. Even though it was the beginning of the season in hotel service, some of the staff were bored. The hotel staff, at least the ones I dealt with, are well-meaning people trying to do something selflessly. When a hotel is fully staffed, the result is poor service quality due to the large number of activities and the inability to catch up… During a meal break, everyone, including the towel staff. Friendly staff. All the sun loungers by the pools are occupied by "towels" and "personal items"; the staff does not remove them even after several hours, and the guests behave "collectively", taking a place and returning only in the evening. Yorum: First of all, for me the most decisive sentence in hotel reviews is the answer to the question "Would you come again?" I can very comfortably answer this question and say, "I will definitely come again." The food, the activities, the ton of staff…not an hour goes by without activity. Thanks to the cleaning staff on the 3rd floor, especially Mrs. Ayşe Dudu, who sewed a swan from a quilt for my son's bed every day 😘 The staff were very friendly, the waiters Ibrahim By, İmran By and Birgül were very sweet people. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. It is also worth mentioning that the staff try so hard to fulfill your every wish that you can't ask for more! There is a large selection of food, but they are also understaffed. None of the reception staff made any effort to listen. All the staff from A to Z were friendly and polite. The biggest problem with the hotel is that there is no staff at the pool that you can ask for help. The food is excellent, the staff is polite, at the reception they speak Russian. All the other staff are very caring and polite, it is obvious that they all love their job and I am happy to feel that. The food was delicious, the staff polite and very child friendly. The food at the hotel is great, the staff is very friendly and helpful with everything. and it was quite a good experience The staff works very hard because the hotel is crowded.... The staff is nice and helpful but gets confused and disoriented due to the crowds. Yorum: The guest service staff were rude, they were not Turkish, one said she was German and the other said she was Ukrainian and from another country, which is not very nice, when I said my son is 12, they said you know we can check... The check-in staff were really nice though. The staff seemed rude but I think it's because they are overworked. The rooms are old and the biggest problem is the lack of staff. They must do one of the following: either lower their prices to match four-star hotels to meet the proper expectations of their customers, or raise their standards, from staff numbers to interior furnishings. Despite these minor setbacks the staff were incredibly friendly, the hotel was clean and the entertainment was fantastic. The staff are very nice. The restaurant staff is very respectful and happy to help you. The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... The staff is really attentive. We really enjoyed it, the staff were very friendly, we ate until we dropped. Many thanks to her and all the staff. The staff is also very friendly. The staff was so nice to him. The most important thing that makes these positive features even more beautiful is: "The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in all important matters..!! The staff working in every department so far has been incredibly nice. The staff that runs the activities are also amazing. The staff is welcoming, friendly and hardworking. + However, it is necessary to highlight the excellent service of the staff, especially the cleaning staff and the restaurant staff. Friendly staff, everything is kept clean, large selection of food and… 120. The staff were very friendly and helpful which made our experience that much more enjoyable. We would like to thank the staff at our kids club who I can't remember, and our cleaner in that section. The service is poor and the staff in the restaurant and bars are so unfriendly that they look at you sideways (like it's been 7 days of rain) and just throw ice cream in your face! The staff are busy chatting among themselves and clearing your plates instead of asking what you would like to drink. We had an unfortunate incident where I dropped my iPad in the water at the table, the wait staff retrieved it and were very helpful. The staff is very friendly and approachable. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always ready to help with any questions. I would like to thank all the staff for the nice service, especially the waiter HAMZA, who every evening made us very happy with the service he provided to us and all the tables with his clean and smiling face every evening. The exchange was no problem at all and the guest services and front desk staff were very helpful. All the staff were very friendly and problem-solving oriented. All the staff were fantastic throughout the stay. The rooms were kept clean daily and once again the staff were lovely. The service was amazing from all the staff but we wanted to give a special mention to two particular staff members who were Gulcan our lovely lady with kumpir, waffles and pasta. Yorum: This has been our only choice in recent years due to the food, cleanliness, attractions and excellent staff. Thank you to all the staff for all your hard work. Excellent service, staff always ready to help and respond to any request. The 2 stars are for the more or less good food, although not very beautifully presented, the reception staff who really tried hard and were very nice, and also a few nice bar staff who you can count on the fingers of one hand. Good food, caring staff. Thoughtful, caring staff! Yorum: Beautiful hotel, short flight from airport The restaurant staff are the friendliest at the hotel. First of all, the staff deserves a big applause! The staff were very professional. The staff were always friendly, helpful and extremely polite. The food, the pools, the bar (especially the mixology), the staff - you are the best! Various entertainment activities are organized every evening and the staff is discreet and polite. The cleanliness of the hotel, the care and attention of the staff, cleaning, pools, food, drinks... I would like to thank all the hotel staff, especially my brother Imran from the snack bar, for their interest, care and kind approach. The rooms are a bit outdated, but the friendly staff makes up for it. |The staff tries very hard. Best hotel, very friendly staff and above all very clean. In summary, we had a very nice holiday with friendly staff who are at your disposal! Sultan, the head of staff, for making the main restaurant and the a la carte snack amazing. Nice animation, helpful staff and friendly animators! I complained to the front desk and the staff were truly AMAZING. Lots of staff, everything is always clean or cleaned quickly, everyone is friendly and relaxed. All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful, making our stay enjoyable and stress free. some of the staff (who supervise the waiters due to their different shirts) line up to serve their food at the same time as the hotel residents😐 I've never seen anything like this before! It is truly surprising that some of the staff at this hotel are disturbingly rude. ||Really warm and very clean hotel.|The staff are wonderful. The friendliness of everything Staff! The food in the hotel restaurants and cafeteria was of good quality and plenty of choice (special sweet buffet with macaroons, sweets and cookies) Great all inclusive concept, the staff is super friendly and helpful. Very nice and helpful service. The service in the restaurant and cafe was nice and helpful (sometimes they cleared the plates too quickly :) ). The cuisine was excellent as well as the service. Delicious food, mega clean, nice service. Yorum: Great hotel, great service, especially for families with children. High quality of service. Room service is up to par. We were very pleased with the service. Yorum: Overall, excellent hotel, bar service is one of the best in the world. There is a catastrophic shortage of waiters, bartenders and other service staff are extremely unfriendly. The service in restaurants is amazing, I never went for drinks, everything you need will be served to the table. Yorum: I received service that exceeded my expectations. Alexandra and Ozan from Guest Services were also very helpful. The staff is friendly and provides good service. I liked the hotel very much, service and attention at the highest level. We visited a Mexican restaurant, excellent food and service. The guys at Guesr Relatione were great, very quick with their time and service to help us cope professionally. Very fast and acceptable transfer service at the taxi stand in the lobby. I have nothing bad to say about the hotel service. Upon arrival we were not given an adequate explanation of the facilities and services available, which made it difficult for us to fully enjoy the resort's offerings. Additionally, some services such as hair braiding, spas, and water activities were overpriced. With improvements to customer service and a friendlier, more engaging staff, the resort can provide a much better experience. From the moment I arrived I was greeted with a warm smile and exceptional service. The combination of luxurious accommodations, excellent cuisine, superb facilities and exceptional service made this an unforgettable experience. The service is bad. Emine Hanım and Gül Hanım, who are responsible for cleaning the rooms, Neslihan Hanım, the floor manager, Ozan Bey and Senem Hanım from the guest services department were extremely polite and did not hesitate to do everything we asked for. The service is luxurious, the hotel is luxurious but overall I can't give 5 stars due to minor irritating things like mosquitoes (this was treated when we were there but my husband got bitten badly the first 5 nights). We would like to thank the services of Mr. I was pleasantly pleased with the service of the guest relations department 😊Natalia is smiling and very nice ☺️ We will come again with great pleasure. Yorum: Service was excellent, staff|Always friendly and welcoming.|Food was great... Even though it was the beginning of the season in hotel service, some of the staff were bored. Nevertheless, overall we were pleased with the service. When a hotel is fully staffed, the result is poor service quality due to the large number of activities and the inability to catch up… During a meal break, everyone, including the towel staff. :) Consider how you approach planning and service… Does everyone have to go to lunch at the same time? Yorum: Bad hotel service and the receptionist was not very cooperative with the assumptions. In short, I recommend it to those who are looking for friendly service, pleasant activities at the pool and sea and a child-friendly hotel. this hotel has the greenest area on the coast, many interconnected pools, top-level service, the hotel is not crowded, everything is thought out. Very leisurely service at the beach bar. A huge thank you to the management for such excellent service. There were no problems with the service either at check-in or check-out. For dinner we visited the Asia restaurant, it was delicious, both fish and meat, I recommend it 😊 The service in the hotel is good, I just wish the cleaning did a better job. Yorum: The guest service staff were rude, they were not Turkish, one said she was German and the other said she was Ukrainian and from another country, which is not very nice, when I said my son is 12, they said you know we can check... Although the rooms seemed a bit dated, the overall ambiance, service and quality of food, including the grill and snack bars, were excellent. However, some restaurant waiters could improve their service. The rooms are a bit old, but the service is ok. We have tried many of their services. We had no complaints about cleanliness anywhere in the hotel, the cafe inside is my favorite ❤️ It has extremely solution-oriented and courteous service even with the smallest of issues. + However, it is necessary to highlight the excellent service of the staff, especially the cleaning staff and the restaurant staff. No request was too much and service was always offered with a warm welcome and a smile. Insanely delicious food, very nice service, wonderful animation, lots of interesting events, a new show every evening, we are delighted. The service is poor and the staff in the restaurant and bars are so unfriendly that they look at you sideways (like it's been 7 days of rain) and just throw ice cream in your face! So for that kind of money you can expect at least some service and friendliness. Yorum: We wanted to thank you for the great service we received at the Mexican restaurant during our stay. They also provided amazing service during the meal. I would like to thank all the staff for the nice service, especially the waiter HAMZA, who every evening made us very happy with the service he provided to us and all the tables with his clean and smiling face every evening. Overall we are very satisfied, except for the service. The exchange was no problem at all and the guest services and front desk staff were very helpful. The only thing that bothered us was the lack of service on the beach and the service was self-service. You also have to wait a long time for service at the pool. The service is good, thank you. The service was amazing from all the staff but we wanted to give a special mention to two particular staff members who were Gulcan our lovely lady with kumpir, waffles and pasta. He upgraded us to a villa which included a private pool, private beach, restaurant for villa residents and buggy service. Excellent service, staff always ready to help and respond to any request. There is an excellent spa center with a wide range of services. If you don't tip, you won't receive service. We were there for 8 days and I have never seen such bad service in my life. This is absurd, we paid 5000 euros per week for 4 people, some service should be included in the price... Excellent service! The service at IC Hotels Green Palace was excellent. We enjoyed our holiday to the fullest, taking care of cleanliness, friendly service and a wide range of attractions for children and adults. Mehmet Bektas and his colleagues offer exclusive cabin service and try to fulfill every wish. Yorum: We have just returned from a wonderful holiday, excellent service, great selection of fresh food and drinks. Food, service, lots of entertainment for kids and adults! Yorum: Initially, I didn't like the service I received at this hotel. We were completely satisfied with the service, food and location of the hotel.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.5
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 242
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: I don't think this fits in with a child-friendly hotel. In short, I recommend it to those who are looking for friendly service, pleasant activities at the pool and sea and a child-friendly hotel. Yorum: Hotel for family holidays. Family of 3. Yorum: We just got back from a family vacation at IC Green Palace and I sincerely wish we could have stayed forever! Yorum: We rested in this hotel with my family from 8 to 13/10/24! The kids disco and night shows such as bubbles, trolls and the lab were well done and a highlight for our family. Yorum: As a family with 2 children we had a very nice holiday at this hotel. Yorum: I recently had the pleasure of staying at the IC Hotel with my family and I must admit that it was an exceptional experience from start to finish. Yorum: We have been here as a family for 2 days and we have had the opportunity to stay in many hotels around the world and have experienced; I wanted to write a review for those who read the comments before arriving at the hotel and were concerned. I believe this is a family hotel. We used to have fun as a family in the adult pool, but due to an accident in the adult pool last year, children under 125 cm tall are not allowed in the adult pool. Personally, this is one of the best hotels to visit with family. Yorum: We stayed with our family with our two children from July 14 to 24, 2024.||||Positive points:||- Beautiful facilities, with several large pools, a pool for small children with a playground and a pool park Aquatics.||- Lots of space at… 65. Yorum: This is a place I visited with my family 3 years ago, hoping that this year would be better despite its shortcomings, but I was disappointed. The perfect resort for a family holiday. There are also family shows every day, which is good news. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel with my family and we left very satisfied. Yorum: We spent 10 days on vacation with the family, we came to the hotel for the first time and we were very pleased. Yorum: We spend our holidays here as a family with our 2-year-old daughter. Yorum: I recently had a wonderful stay at a hotel with my young family. Yorum: I initially left a negative review on the first day of my stay, but since then our experience as a family has improved greatly. A huge thank you to Brahim who always took very good care of our family whenever we met him. Yorum: My family and I were on vacation at this hotel at the end of August. I visited with my family and was pleased. We found entertainment for the whole family. Yorum: We were a family of four staying at IC Residence for the third time. I will be recommending it to my family and friends and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a resort holiday in Antalya. Perfect for a family vacation. And in the living room (we took the family room) there were switches, but no light to turn on. A happy child means a happy family. She was amazing, serving my entire family of 6 with a beautiful smile every time, nothing was ever to much trouble for her and her pasta dishes were delicious. Yorum: Family of 3 adults and 3 children (7 months, 2 years and 4 years) stayed for 8 nights in June 2024. I do not recommend a hotel that is supposedly family-friendly. Yorum: Last week my family and I had the incredible pleasure of staying at the IC Palace Hotel and let me tell you, it was simply magical! Their kindness and warmth made us feel like valued guests rather than just family checking in. Yorum: Today is the second day of our stay, everything is wonderful, our family loves everything! I highly recommend it to any family with children, and there is also a fantastic club for newborns. I highly recommend it for a family vacation! The animator Eilem played different games every day and was very good at table tennis herself, and my family and I had a great time. Every night my family and I suffered from the heat. Yorum: Hello Green Place family, we came as part of our honeymoon, we were happy with all the a la carte a la carte snacks, you are amazing, thank you FB family, we are very happy to see you on our next vacation, you are wonderful FB family, we were happy with the entire hotel. In conclusion, for all those who want to spend an amazing and unforgettable time with their family, green palace is definitely the best choice in Antalya without any hesitation, we did other hotels in the city but this one is the best for a family vacation by far. Great for kids. Yorum: It was a pleasant stay :) The evenings were always fun not only for us but also for the kids, whether it was a kids show, animation show or DJ nights! I came to Kidsclub with high hopes as there were three separate clubs for children aged 0-3, 4-10 and 10-18 but only one kids club was open and there were all age groups. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. Unfortunately, one of the hotels he became famous for lacked a kids' club. Salt painting can be done in the Kids Club area for 5 euros. The kids disco and night shows such as bubbles, trolls and the lab were well done and a highlight for our family. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. Overall: While our stay had some nice aspects, especially for the kids, the overall experience did not live up to expectations. The kids club was very nice, clean and safe. We managed to leave the kids for a while to have time for coffee. The caregiver Huseyin was very friendly and helped us with food for the kids. The only thing I miss in the lobby is a drawing table where kids can easily check out and check in. On Instagram @pretmetkids I shared stories about the concept of children in the stories presented. Food is the same every day and ok, kids club and park are poor, time is limited. The kids really enjoyed the water park and slides. The Kids Club offers a variety of activities throughout the day, perfect for the little ones! The kids club was nice and tidy and the hotel facilities are very nice. It feels weird when you see 7-8 year old kids wearing scarves in a place where alcohol flows like water. The property has a children's club for children aged 0-3, a teen club for those aged 14 and over and a kids' club for teenagers. years of age can be brought to the kids club free of charge. Great for kids, we loved Cimen with our kids 🥰 the evening shows are really top notch. |Rooms were clean and there is plenty for kids.… 78. Great mini clubs for all ages, plus evening shows for kids. My son broke his arm on the slide at the kids club. Simply perfect for kids. Great kids area by the pool and playground within the complex and even on the beach. Our 8-year-old daughter didn't want to leave the kids club. The variety of activities, especially the kids club, made it enjoyable for the kids. The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... despite the fact that it's full of kids, the number of entertainment options makes it so you don't feel like getting irritated. It was great because the kids had access to all the attractions including the water parks, kids club and snack bars scattered throughout the resort. I would definitely recommend the kids club for little kids as they offer really fun activities like face painting and active games. We would like to thank the staff at our kids club who I can't remember, and our cleaner in that section. No cakes or anything for the kids. Special recognition for Ikander in the kids club. It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. This continues in the kids club. Yorum: We are very grateful and happy because we chose this hotel, my son also likes this hotel, so the kids club was great for the kids, especially Asli, the food and drinks were fantastic, the hotel and rooms were neat enough. Little kids have great fun! Food, service, lots of entertainment for kids and adults! Yorum: It's amazing, I stayed for 4 nights, it was wonderful for my kids, lots of activities, all programs organized and organised a week ago. The resort’s Hi Five kids club is unique. (a la carte snack bar near the kids club and really, really great, they offer a small selection but it is a quality that is rarely found, definitely go and try it) There are several pools everywhere and despite the huge number of customers, you will always find a place no matter the time, the same goes for the beach which is beautifully maintained. The kids club is really great, I don't understand some of the negative comments about it, go to other hotels and you will see the difference, Green Palace is the best in every way. Yorum: We stayed at IC Green Palace (Antalya, Türkiye) this summer for 5 nights; it's a beautiful concept hotel for kids. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). I came to Kidsclub with high hopes as there were three separate clubs for children aged 0-3, 4-10 and 10-18 but only one kids club was open and there were all age groups. Salt painting can be done in the Kids Club area for 5 euros. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. The kids club was very nice, clean and safe. Food is the same every day and ok, kids club and park are poor, time is limited. The Kids Club offers a variety of activities throughout the day, perfect for the little ones! The kids club was nice and tidy and the hotel facilities are very nice. years of age can be brought to the kids club free of charge. My son broke his arm on the slide at the kids club. Our 8-year-old daughter didn't want to leave the kids club. The variety of activities, especially the kids club, made it enjoyable for the kids. The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... It was great because the kids had access to all the attractions including the water parks, kids club and snack bars scattered throughout the resort. I would definitely recommend the kids club for little kids as they offer really fun activities like face painting and active games. We would like to thank the staff at our kids club who I can't remember, and our cleaner in that section. Special recognition for Ikander in the kids club. This continues in the kids club. Yorum: We are very grateful and happy because we chose this hotel, my son also likes this hotel, so the kids club was great for the kids, especially Asli, the food and drinks were fantastic, the hotel and rooms were neat enough. The resort’s Hi Five kids club is unique. (a la carte snack bar near the kids club and really, really great, they offer a small selection but it is a quality that is rarely found, definitely go and try it) There are several pools everywhere and despite the huge number of customers, you will always find a place no matter the time, the same goes for the beach which is beautifully maintained. The kids club is really great, I don't understand some of the negative comments about it, go to other hotels and you will see the difference, Green Palace is the best in every way. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). Heated swimming pool for small children and with slides. Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. Yorum: We were there with my son, there were plenty of attractions for children, the staff spoke very little English. Lots of attractions for children and adults (yoga with Julia was great! Yorum: A fantastic hotel for families with children. Yorum: Great hotel, great service, especially for families with children. Two nice water parks, for children and adults. The clubs and children's clubs are well-equipped and the staff working there are very enthusiastic about their work and caring for the children. There are plenty of activities for adults and children, you'll never be bored! The children are therefore left to their own devices. Especially for families with children. There are a variety of pools to suit all tastes, including a pool for over 16s where you can swim to your heart's content without small children. We stayed in this hotel with 4 children, the rooms were too small. Animation and children's club, water park, interesting evening shows. In the restaurant part they also created a separate section for children, which is a very thoughtful solution. I came to Kidsclub with high hopes as there were three separate clubs for children aged 0-3, 4-10 and 10-18 but only one kids club was open and there were all age groups. The employees of the children's club are very nice people, but I didn't like their approach to children, they are indifferent towards children. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. The children's curriculum is detailed but never strictly followed. This is a nice hotel to stay with children. I will write down a few points that I think are missing; The number of pools is sufficient, but the pool for people over 16 (one of the reasons we chose the hotel) was constantly used by families with children. They undress their children and leave them naked in public places. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. Children keep saying: “They are in paradise!” 45. Yorum: ADULTS WITHOUT CHILDREN DO NOT COME!!! The quality of the hotel food, the quality of the alcohol, the swimming pools, everything is very nice, but you can't enjoy anything because of the large number of children. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. In conclusion, if you have children, this hotel is perfect for you, but if you don't have children, don't even pass it by!!! Yorum: As a family with 2 children we had a very nice holiday at this hotel. For both adults and children. Every evening there is a show for children and adults. The evening children's show ends here on time so that the children can go to bed on time. The children's restaurant has a TV with children's movies. cannot be served in the children's buffet. On Instagram @pretmetkids I shared stories about the concept of children in the stories presented. It offers delicious and varied food, lots of cool places and attractions for children, and ways to relax for adults. The children's water park is very small and has only 2 short slides. And yes, IC green palace, beautiful green surroundings, entrance to the sea ideal, especially with children. But what saddens me most is that the hotel has 2 aqua parks, one for adults and one for children. Children can usually use both. We used to have fun as a family in the adult pool, but due to an accident in the adult pool last year, children under 125 cm tall are not allowed in the adult pool. The official said, "You will have to work hard." If there is an accident at the pool, maybe next year they won't let children in the pool. Yorum: We stayed with our family with our two children from July 14 to 24, 2024.||||Positive points:||- Beautiful facilities, with several large pools, a pool for small children with a playground and a pool park Aquatics.||- Lots of space at… 65. It has two parks: an aquapark for children and an aquapark for adults. The children's aquapark is intended for children aged 2-10 and is satisfactory. The property has a children's club for children aged 0-3, a teen club for those aged 14 and over and a kids' club for teenagers. Children over 4. You can bring children aged 0-3 for 10 euros per hour. This is a hotel with a strong children's concept, where children will have a great time. Nice water park and slides for children. Very nice people in the animation team, very kind and great with children. This hotel is very suitable for families with children. The hotel is ideal for children. A water park where children shorter than 1.25 m are not allowed. I don't know who this children's fair is for. This is a decent and suitable hotel for families with children, without children or for middle-aged families. Playgrounds for children are quite sufficient. The stairs on the platform are not made safely, due to the low economy of materials - bars instead of round pipes, children knock down their nails. The section has a concept for children, but there is also entertainment for adults. She was much happier with children.. There is also no shortage of playgrounds and activities for children, everything thought out down to the smallest detail. There is always some entertainment for children, there is a children's room where you can leave them to play or take part in master classes. In the evening there is a children's disco and a children's show. Young people or people who are alone may find it difficult to hear the noise of children everywhere. In our times, unfortunately, there were few German children and you had to walk 20 minutes to the store, which is the only disadvantage in the case of children. We especially recommend it for families with children. The activities for children are very good. We enjoyed the activities at the hotel for the children. The hotel is not safe for children. In the children's club there are only 1 or 2 caregivers who watch over the children and ensure their safety. In my opinion it is better to close the children's club completely, the room was originally made and beautifully thought out. Children are not allowed to draw with crayons. Absolutely not interested in contact with children. Of course, it would be nice to leave the fridge open with fruit and cottage cheese for the children all day long. Well, what is so difficult in a hotel where 30-40 percent of children have high-quality food? Ensuring that your heated pool is properly maintained would greatly improve the experience, especially for families with children. This is a very suitable hotel for children, the activities and interests were great. Pools: very quiet pool only for adults, 1 pool with quite loud music (there were many parents with children), 1 part for babies and toddlers, 1 pool with slides for small… 104. |There are many swimming facilities, a nice water park for big and small children. The hotel's strengths include its surroundings, catering available almost 24 hours a day, entertainment, children's pools and a café in the lobby. The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... This hotel is especially suitable for families with children. The Aquapark is already ahead of us equivalent hotels, especially with Aqua for children. the water park is amazing, there is a large section for younger children and a section with bigger slides, seriously the best I've seen. - The paving slabs around the swimming pools, including the children's pools, were extremely slippery, almost like ice. - Another problem was excessive air conditioning: with outside temperatures reaching 40°C, the interior spaces, especially the lobby, restaurant and indoor children's playground, cooled down significantly. The performers themselves are amazing and for the children it was something magical and fascinating. Football for children. They even thought about placing a canopy over the children's pool so that the children could play in peace and avoid sunstroke or burns. We and our two children aged 7 and 10 had a nice and enjoyable holiday. Çimen from the animation team took very good care of the children. Thanks to them, the children left the holidays happy and wanted to come back next year. Tuğba from the children's animation department, Kader, Shoista, our girl with curly hair and her name. Yorum: The hotel is a fully equipped children's hotel, there are various activities for children and they have a great time here. In a normal restaurant it is very difficult to get food for yourself and the children and bring 3 plates to the table at once (trays would be useful here). My two children, aged 4 and 2, felt very unwell and we were taken to hospital. Yorum: Perfect hotel for families with children. There is a separate dining area for children, which is a good solution for families with small children. She was great with my two children, Ross and Chloe. Yorum: Family of 3 adults and 3 children (7 months, 2 years and 4 years) stayed for 8 nights in June 2024. We couldn't try the Italian restaurant because children under 12 were not allowed. Great activities for children and adults. Many of the animators look very gloomy, they hardly smile, they just make sure that the children do not go out alone. Our children usually had something to do. Since almost no one there speaks German, we simply did not communicate with our children. We would like to thank Kader, who was the only one who spoke a little German and at least tried to look after the children. Children under 125 cm tall cannot use the slide. Activities for children at the level, children do not get bored, evening shows are worthy of attention. There are many activities and games suitable for children. Yorum: We had a fantastic holiday at this resort, which is perfect for both children and families. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. We especially liked the variety of healthy options and the special children's menu. There are many rooms for children, upstairs for a smooth entry into the depths, and so on. We enjoyed our holiday to the fullest, taking care of cleanliness, friendly service and a wide range of attractions for children and adults. Yorum: The stay was very good, the hotel is nice and the pools for children are great. Even though I didn't have small children, it was obvious that the child was friendly. This is a green hotel for our smallest and dearest, our children and grandchildren. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. And while the children are resting, adults can show their creativity on the beach, because those who have skillful hands can create joy from the sand for the delight of beachgoers. Have three small children. We have two children aged 15 and 9. Our priority during the holidays is for our children to have fun. I highly recommend it to any family with children, and there is also a fantastic club for newborns. There is plenty to offer children, from small to large, the hotel is truly child friendly. The biggest attraction is the water activities that provide children with endless fun. Interesting performances, children also appear in the performances. Yorum: Good entertainment and activities for children. Everything is close and it is quite practical when you have small children. Your children will be looked after, there are plenty of activities until late at night. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price).

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 8.3
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 179
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The section with water slides is not in use, under the care of the Gestapo. It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. Hakan in the aqua park was very helpful and friendly. But what saddens me most is that the hotel has 2 aqua parks, one for adults and one for children. Heated swimming pool for small children and with slides. Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. There are plenty of slides, you can ride on "cheesecakes" or just. The slides are high, no less than 5 stories. There is a water park, there are enough slides, there are no queues, you can ride as much as you want. The section with water slides is not in use, under the care of the Gestapo. The children's water park is very small and has only 2 short slides. The kids really enjoyed the water park and slides. The adult water park has 7 different slides. Nice water park and slides for children. On the premises there is a very large water park with interesting slides and animations, which entertains holidaymakers of all ages. My son broke his arm on the slide at the kids club. Pools: very quiet pool only for adults, 1 pool with quite loud music (there were many parents with children), 1 part for babies and toddlers, 1 pool with slides for small… 104. the water park is amazing, there is a large section for younger children and a section with bigger slides, seriously the best I've seen. It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. Children under 125 cm tall cannot use the slide. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. After all, they weren't allowed to slide. There are different slides, without cheesecake and with cheesecake there are queues on the slides. The slides with cheesecakes are interesting, there is one calm one and two interesting ones, the slides without cheesecakes are less interesting, there are three straight ones and with lots of turns. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). Heated swimming pool for small children and with slides. Lots of pools and greenery. Plus admission to the swimming pool for people +16. Couldn't find a seat at the pools. In the evenings you can listen to live music by the pool. The pools are located throughout the hotel, and vacationers simply melt into this space without noticing each other. Even though we took a land view room, they gave us a pool view room. The pool area is very large, there are enough sun loungers. Premium branded beverages, unlimited poolside bottle bars, cocktail bars, coffee and more!||Indoor pool closed throughout… 26. After a little scandal they gave us rooms with a pool view! The pools are icy. The beach bar offers mostly local alcohol, but the lobby and pool bar are of higher quality! There are a variety of pools to suit all tastes, including a pool for over 16s where you can swim to your heart's content without small children. The whiskey selection is decent, on the beach Ballantynes, Jim Beam, at the pool bar - Gentleman Jack, Black Label, Chivas etc., Gordon’s gin, Beefeater, Baileys, you won’t be sad at all. They gave us a great room with a view of the pool and the sea, we didn't pay anything extra. There are plenty of pools and a water park to choose from, as well as a gorgeous beach. Yorum: Even though the hotel is packed, people disperse because there are many pools and attractions and it doesn't feel too crowded. I will write down a few points that I think are missing; The number of pools is sufficient, but the pool for people over 16 (one of the reasons we chose the hotel) was constantly used by families with children. The quality of the hotel food, the quality of the alcohol, the swimming pools, everything is very nice, but you can't enjoy anything because of the large number of children. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. This also applies to the swimming pool. I would even like to point out this; On the way from the pool to the sea there is a small stone path, and some guests spill food and drinks on this stone path while walking along it. The pool was an oasis of calm. How was the room with a pool/sea view? The pools are very clean and large, the guests are mostly foreigners, but since the area is huge, you won't meet them :) Come with peace of mind 🌸 55. The rooms are clean, the animation team is amazing, the pools are wonderful. We used to have fun as a family in the adult pool, but due to an accident in the adult pool last year, children under 125 cm tall are not allowed in the adult pool. The official said, "You will have to work hard." If there is an accident at the pool, maybe next year they won't let children in the pool. As for the animation team, it is very difficult to see their presence outside the activity pool. I can say that the sea in September is very wavy, but they made up for this gap with the swimming pool and… 60. The pools and grounds are beautiful and well kept. Yorum: We stayed with our family with our two children from July 14 to 24, 2024.||||Positive points:||- Beautiful facilities, with several large pools, a pool for small children with a playground and a pool park Aquatics.||- Lots of space at… 65. The good thing is the pools, the temperature is pleasant, not freezing. The biggest advantage of this hotel is the swimming pools. There are plenty of pools and there really is enough for everyone. There are bars and mobile cocktail bars by the pools. I did what I gathered at the pool. There are many swimming pools. All the sun loungers by the pools are occupied by "towels" and "personal items"; the staff does not remove them even after several hours, and the guests behave "collectively", taking a place and returning only in the evening. Pool Bar Selahattin is an extremely caring person and loves his job. In short, I recommend it to those who are looking for friendly service, pleasant activities at the pool and sea and a child-friendly hotel. this hotel has the greenest area on the coast, many interconnected pools, top-level service, the hotel is not crowded, everything is thought out. Since the pools are very large and numerous, there is no problem with occupancy or finding a space. Those who go in season will have a much easier time swimming in the pool; time can be spent in the shade by the pool with plenty of trees. Although we bought cocktails at the pool bar for 3 days, on the fourth day the bartender Rıdvan insisted that he did not have any cocktails and later gave them to us by force. The biggest problem with the hotel is that there is no staff at the pool that you can ask for help. In fact, the pool is filled with empty plates and glasses, but no one comes to collect them. Yorum: A different girl every night for our 2-year-old son at the pool bar. The number of pools is too large. Great kids area by the pool and playground within the complex and even on the beach. It's hard to find a place to sit, whether in restaurants, pools, or at nighttime shows. The good things included the pools, outdoor facilities and the maintenance team. Many of the pools were a hit, although I was disappointed that despite being told they were heated, I didn't feel it as despite the great weather the water was very cold. Ensuring that your heated pool is properly maintained would greatly improve the experience, especially for families with children. Yorum: Beautiful hotel with good pools and nice beach. Pools: very quiet pool only for adults, 1 pool with quite loud music (there were many parents with children), 1 part for babies and toddlers, 1 pool with slides for small… 104. The hotel's strengths include its surroundings, catering available almost 24 hours a day, entertainment, children's pools and a café in the lobby. There are many different swimming pools with plenty of sun loungers and parasols. the pools are amazing, the variety of food is also amazing. The beach is beautiful, lots of pools and a huge water park. the outside is beautiful with lush trees and diverse pools like a tropical paradise. It has a sufficient number of swimming pools and an Aquapark, and the number of sunbeds both in the sea and in the swimming pools is sufficient. - The paving slabs around the swimming pools, including the children's pools, were extremely slippery, almost like ice. They even thought about placing a canopy over the children's pool so that the children could play in peace and avoid sunstroke or burns. It is very good to evenly distribute pools, meals, and activities within a given area. The most positive thing about the hotel is that the pools are cleaned every evening and water samples are taken regularly! Every evening we were at the pool bar. You also have to wait a long time for service at the pool. Swimming pool hygiene is very poor. They say they "clean the pools every night" and have never seen them clean the pool. I've never seen a guy with a pool cleaning net or a pool vacuum cleaner. Lots of pools, all very clean inside and around. He upgraded us to a villa which included a private pool, private beach, restaurant for villa residents and buggy service. It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. Cornettos Magnums and ice lollies are available all day at the main pool bar. There is only one waiter at the pools and logically only guests who pay good tips see him. Apart from gymnastics, there is no animation at the pool, terribly boring. I'm already dreaming about the next one and relaxing by the pool. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment. The food, the pools, the bar (especially the mixology), the staff - you are the best! One note: the swimming pool near the main complex needs to be repurposed. The cleanliness of the hotel, the care and attention of the staff, cleaning, pools, food, drinks... Yorum: The stay was very good, the hotel is nice and the pools for children are great. What's especially nice is that you don't have to wait anywhere at the bar or look for a bed by the pool. It would be great if they paid attention to this and cleaned the pools more often. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. Another very positive thing is that there are always free sun loungers by the pool and on the beach. The pool was a beautiful 140cm, although one of the pools holds more than 16 people. The pool is 120 cm. There are a lot of jerboas in the pool every morning, 2-3. (a la carte snack bar near the kids club and really, really great, they offer a small selection but it is a quality that is rarely found, definitely go and try it) There are several pools everywhere and despite the huge number of customers, you will always find a place no matter the time, the same goes for the beach which is beautifully maintained. Same thing with water volleyball with Macr.). Both waterfalls are worth seeing. Two nice water parks, for children and adults. There is a water park, there are enough slides, there are no queues, you can ride as much as you want. Animation and children's club, water park, interesting evening shows. There are plenty of pools and a water park to choose from, as well as a gorgeous beach. Additionally, some services such as hair braiding, spas, and water activities were overpriced. Right behind them, a staff with brushes and a bucket full of bleach and water in their hands cleans even the smallest stains. The section with water slides is not in use, under the care of the Gestapo. The children's water park is very small and has only 2 short slides. The kids really enjoyed the water park and slides. At 10 the cafe closes, I throw you out, at 10:01 you ask for water, there's none. It feels weird when you see 7-8 year old kids wearing scarves in a place where alcohol flows like water. There are bars in many places, very easy access to water, ice cream and cocktails. The adult water park has 7 different slides. During my 5-day vacation they did not leave a single bottle of water in my room. Despite calling guest relations multiple times, I could not get an answer regarding the bed or water. Nice water park and slides for children. The water park was amazing fun for my 2.5 year old daughter and we never wanted to leave. As a water lover, I can say I had a great time. The water parks are very safe and the sea is beautiful. On the premises there is a very large water park with interesting slides and animations, which entertains holidaymakers of all ages. A water park where children shorter than 1.25 m are not allowed. Throughout the hotel there are rusty corners, nails and screws, and glass in the water and on the beach. Nice green area, water parks for all ages. our room had ants and the wardrobes smelled like rose water. The water park is perfect for everyone, from preschool to elementary school to… 101. Many of the pools were a hit, although I was disappointed that despite being told they were heated, I didn't feel it as despite the great weather the water was very cold. |There are many swimming facilities, a nice water park for big and small children. The beach is beautiful, lots of pools and a huge water park. the water park is amazing, there is a large section for younger children and a section with bigger slides, seriously the best I've seen. It was great because the kids had access to all the attractions including the water parks, kids club and snack bars scattered throughout the resort. The bar was restocked with water daily. The most positive thing about the hotel is that the pools are cleaned every evening and water samples are taken regularly! We had an unfortunate incident where I dropped my iPad in the water at the table, the wait staff retrieved it and were very helpful. The water park is very nice. It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. We recommend a jeep safari, be prepared to get wet and dirty, take a water gun or you can buy one at the jeep base. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. The beach, water park and all the water sports were amazing. Enough highchairs, baby food, great water park, evening entertainment and a large exciting indoor area. The biggest attraction is the water activities that provide children with endless fun. There is a water park. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). Heated swimming pool for small children and with slides. Plus admission to the swimming pool for people +16. The quality of the hotel food, the quality of the alcohol, the swimming pools, everything is very nice, but you can't enjoy anything because of the large number of children. This also applies to the swimming pool. I can say that the sea in September is very wavy, but they made up for this gap with the swimming pool and… 60. The biggest advantage of this hotel is the swimming pools. There are many swimming pools. Those who go in season will have a much easier time swimming in the pool; time can be spent in the shade by the pool with plenty of trees. |There are many swimming facilities, a nice water park for big and small children. There are many different swimming pools with plenty of sun loungers and parasols. It has a sufficient number of swimming pools and an Aquapark, and the number of sunbeds both in the sea and in the swimming pools is sufficient. - The paving slabs around the swimming pools, including the children's pools, were extremely slippery, almost like ice. Swimming pool hygiene is very poor. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment. One note: the swimming pool near the main complex needs to be repurposed. Premium branded beverages, unlimited poolside bottle bars, cocktail bars, coffee and more!||Indoor pool closed throughout… 26. The pool area is very large, there are enough sun loungers.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.7
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 176
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Hotel for family holidays. Family of 3. Yorum: We just got back from a family vacation at IC Green Palace and I sincerely wish we could have stayed forever! Yorum: We rested in this hotel with my family from 8 to 13/10/24! The kids disco and night shows such as bubbles, trolls and the lab were well done and a highlight for our family. Yorum: As a family with 2 children we had a very nice holiday at this hotel. Yorum: I recently had the pleasure of staying at the IC Hotel with my family and I must admit that it was an exceptional experience from start to finish. Yorum: We have been here as a family for 2 days and we have had the opportunity to stay in many hotels around the world and have experienced; I wanted to write a review for those who read the comments before arriving at the hotel and were concerned. I believe this is a family hotel. We used to have fun as a family in the adult pool, but due to an accident in the adult pool last year, children under 125 cm tall are not allowed in the adult pool. Personally, this is one of the best hotels to visit with family. Yorum: We stayed with our family with our two children from July 14 to 24, 2024.||||Positive points:||- Beautiful facilities, with several large pools, a pool for small children with a playground and a pool park Aquatics.||- Lots of space at… 65. Yorum: This is a place I visited with my family 3 years ago, hoping that this year would be better despite its shortcomings, but I was disappointed. The perfect resort for a family holiday. There are also family shows every day, which is good news. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel with my family and we left very satisfied. Yorum: We spent 10 days on vacation with the family, we came to the hotel for the first time and we were very pleased. Yorum: We spend our holidays here as a family with our 2-year-old daughter. Yorum: I recently had a wonderful stay at a hotel with my young family. Yorum: I initially left a negative review on the first day of my stay, but since then our experience as a family has improved greatly. A huge thank you to Brahim who always took very good care of our family whenever we met him. Yorum: My family and I were on vacation at this hotel at the end of August. I visited with my family and was pleased. We found entertainment for the whole family. Yorum: We were a family of four staying at IC Residence for the third time. I will be recommending it to my family and friends and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a resort holiday in Antalya. Perfect for a family vacation. And in the living room (we took the family room) there were switches, but no light to turn on. A happy child means a happy family. She was amazing, serving my entire family of 6 with a beautiful smile every time, nothing was ever to much trouble for her and her pasta dishes were delicious. Yorum: Family of 3 adults and 3 children (7 months, 2 years and 4 years) stayed for 8 nights in June 2024. I do not recommend a hotel that is supposedly family-friendly. Yorum: Last week my family and I had the incredible pleasure of staying at the IC Palace Hotel and let me tell you, it was simply magical! Their kindness and warmth made us feel like valued guests rather than just family checking in. Yorum: Today is the second day of our stay, everything is wonderful, our family loves everything! I highly recommend it to any family with children, and there is also a fantastic club for newborns. I highly recommend it for a family vacation! The animator Eilem played different games every day and was very good at table tennis herself, and my family and I had a great time. Every night my family and I suffered from the heat. Yorum: Hello Green Place family, we came as part of our honeymoon, we were happy with all the a la carte a la carte snacks, you are amazing, thank you FB family, we are very happy to see you on our next vacation, you are wonderful FB family, we were happy with the entire hotel. In conclusion, for all those who want to spend an amazing and unforgettable time with their family, green palace is definitely the best choice in Antalya without any hesitation, we did other hotels in the city but this one is the best for a family vacation by far. There is simply nothing to feed the baby. - Every evening, there was live music playing right outside our room until midnight, which caused our baby to wake up more often. And I was breastfeeding my 9-month-old baby. Enough highchairs, baby food, great water park, evening entertainment and a large exciting indoor area. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). Heated swimming pool for small children and with slides. Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. Yorum: We were there with my son, there were plenty of attractions for children, the staff spoke very little English. Lots of attractions for children and adults (yoga with Julia was great! Yorum: A fantastic hotel for families with children. Yorum: Great hotel, great service, especially for families with children. Two nice water parks, for children and adults. The clubs and children's clubs are well-equipped and the staff working there are very enthusiastic about their work and caring for the children. There are plenty of activities for adults and children, you'll never be bored! The children are therefore left to their own devices. Especially for families with children. There are a variety of pools to suit all tastes, including a pool for over 16s where you can swim to your heart's content without small children. We stayed in this hotel with 4 children, the rooms were too small. Animation and children's club, water park, interesting evening shows. In the restaurant part they also created a separate section for children, which is a very thoughtful solution. I came to Kidsclub with high hopes as there were three separate clubs for children aged 0-3, 4-10 and 10-18 but only one kids club was open and there were all age groups. The employees of the children's club are very nice people, but I didn't like their approach to children, they are indifferent towards children. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. The children's curriculum is detailed but never strictly followed. This is a nice hotel to stay with children. I will write down a few points that I think are missing; The number of pools is sufficient, but the pool for people over 16 (one of the reasons we chose the hotel) was constantly used by families with children. They undress their children and leave them naked in public places. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. Children keep saying: “They are in paradise!” 45. Yorum: ADULTS WITHOUT CHILDREN DO NOT COME!!! The quality of the hotel food, the quality of the alcohol, the swimming pools, everything is very nice, but you can't enjoy anything because of the large number of children. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. In conclusion, if you have children, this hotel is perfect for you, but if you don't have children, don't even pass it by!!! Yorum: As a family with 2 children we had a very nice holiday at this hotel. For both adults and children. Every evening there is a show for children and adults. The evening children's show ends here on time so that the children can go to bed on time. The children's restaurant has a TV with children's movies. cannot be served in the children's buffet. On Instagram @pretmetkids I shared stories about the concept of children in the stories presented. It offers delicious and varied food, lots of cool places and attractions for children, and ways to relax for adults. The children's water park is very small and has only 2 short slides. And yes, IC green palace, beautiful green surroundings, entrance to the sea ideal, especially with children. But what saddens me most is that the hotel has 2 aqua parks, one for adults and one for children. Children can usually use both. We used to have fun as a family in the adult pool, but due to an accident in the adult pool last year, children under 125 cm tall are not allowed in the adult pool. The official said, "You will have to work hard." If there is an accident at the pool, maybe next year they won't let children in the pool. Yorum: We stayed with our family with our two children from July 14 to 24, 2024.||||Positive points:||- Beautiful facilities, with several large pools, a pool for small children with a playground and a pool park Aquatics.||- Lots of space at… 65. It has two parks: an aquapark for children and an aquapark for adults. The children's aquapark is intended for children aged 2-10 and is satisfactory. The property has a children's club for children aged 0-3, a teen club for those aged 14 and over and a kids' club for teenagers. Children over 4. You can bring children aged 0-3 for 10 euros per hour. This is a hotel with a strong children's concept, where children will have a great time. Nice water park and slides for children. Very nice people in the animation team, very kind and great with children. This hotel is very suitable for families with children. The hotel is ideal for children. A water park where children shorter than 1.25 m are not allowed. I don't know who this children's fair is for. This is a decent and suitable hotel for families with children, without children or for middle-aged families. Playgrounds for children are quite sufficient. The stairs on the platform are not made safely, due to the low economy of materials - bars instead of round pipes, children knock down their nails. The section has a concept for children, but there is also entertainment for adults. She was much happier with children.. There is also no shortage of playgrounds and activities for children, everything thought out down to the smallest detail. There is always some entertainment for children, there is a children's room where you can leave them to play or take part in master classes. In the evening there is a children's disco and a children's show. Young people or people who are alone may find it difficult to hear the noise of children everywhere. In our times, unfortunately, there were few German children and you had to walk 20 minutes to the store, which is the only disadvantage in the case of children. We especially recommend it for families with children. The activities for children are very good. We enjoyed the activities at the hotel for the children. The hotel is not safe for children. In the children's club there are only 1 or 2 caregivers who watch over the children and ensure their safety. In my opinion it is better to close the children's club completely, the room was originally made and beautifully thought out. Children are not allowed to draw with crayons. Absolutely not interested in contact with children. Of course, it would be nice to leave the fridge open with fruit and cottage cheese for the children all day long. Well, what is so difficult in a hotel where 30-40 percent of children have high-quality food? Ensuring that your heated pool is properly maintained would greatly improve the experience, especially for families with children. This is a very suitable hotel for children, the activities and interests were great. Pools: very quiet pool only for adults, 1 pool with quite loud music (there were many parents with children), 1 part for babies and toddlers, 1 pool with slides for small… 104. |There are many swimming facilities, a nice water park for big and small children. The hotel's strengths include its surroundings, catering available almost 24 hours a day, entertainment, children's pools and a café in the lobby. The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... This hotel is especially suitable for families with children. The Aquapark is already ahead of us equivalent hotels, especially with Aqua for children. the water park is amazing, there is a large section for younger children and a section with bigger slides, seriously the best I've seen. - The paving slabs around the swimming pools, including the children's pools, were extremely slippery, almost like ice. - Another problem was excessive air conditioning: with outside temperatures reaching 40°C, the interior spaces, especially the lobby, restaurant and indoor children's playground, cooled down significantly. The performers themselves are amazing and for the children it was something magical and fascinating. Football for children. They even thought about placing a canopy over the children's pool so that the children could play in peace and avoid sunstroke or burns. We and our two children aged 7 and 10 had a nice and enjoyable holiday. Çimen from the animation team took very good care of the children. Thanks to them, the children left the holidays happy and wanted to come back next year. Tuğba from the children's animation department, Kader, Shoista, our girl with curly hair and her name. Yorum: The hotel is a fully equipped children's hotel, there are various activities for children and they have a great time here. In a normal restaurant it is very difficult to get food for yourself and the children and bring 3 plates to the table at once (trays would be useful here). My two children, aged 4 and 2, felt very unwell and we were taken to hospital. Yorum: Perfect hotel for families with children. There is a separate dining area for children, which is a good solution for families with small children. She was great with my two children, Ross and Chloe. Yorum: Family of 3 adults and 3 children (7 months, 2 years and 4 years) stayed for 8 nights in June 2024. We couldn't try the Italian restaurant because children under 12 were not allowed. Great activities for children and adults. Many of the animators look very gloomy, they hardly smile, they just make sure that the children do not go out alone. Our children usually had something to do. Since almost no one there speaks German, we simply did not communicate with our children. We would like to thank Kader, who was the only one who spoke a little German and at least tried to look after the children. Children under 125 cm tall cannot use the slide. Activities for children at the level, children do not get bored, evening shows are worthy of attention. There are many activities and games suitable for children. Yorum: We had a fantastic holiday at this resort, which is perfect for both children and families. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. We especially liked the variety of healthy options and the special children's menu. There are many rooms for children, upstairs for a smooth entry into the depths, and so on. We enjoyed our holiday to the fullest, taking care of cleanliness, friendly service and a wide range of attractions for children and adults. Yorum: The stay was very good, the hotel is nice and the pools for children are great. Even though I didn't have small children, it was obvious that the child was friendly. This is a green hotel for our smallest and dearest, our children and grandchildren. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. And while the children are resting, adults can show their creativity on the beach, because those who have skillful hands can create joy from the sand for the delight of beachgoers. Have three small children. We have two children aged 15 and 9. Our priority during the holidays is for our children to have fun. I highly recommend it to any family with children, and there is also a fantastic club for newborns. There is plenty to offer children, from small to large, the hotel is truly child friendly. The biggest attraction is the water activities that provide children with endless fun. Interesting performances, children also appear in the performances. Yorum: Good entertainment and activities for children. Everything is close and it is quite practical when you have small children. Your children will be looked after, there are plenty of activities until late at night. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price).

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.1
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 104
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: The rooms are a bit outdated, but there is absolutely no problem with cleanliness. Everything, from plates, forks and spoons to the cleanliness of the rooms and bedding, the cleanliness of the toilets, the interior of the bathroom and the cleaning of the sun loungers, had been thought out in great detail and was spotlessly clean. Cleanliness is at the highest level. Cleanliness is not bad. The cleanliness was good, we did not encounter any uncomfortable situations either in the hotel or in the rooms. We had no complaints about cleanliness anywhere in the hotel, the cafe inside is my favorite ❤️ It has extremely solution-oriented and courteous service even with the smallest of issues. The cleanliness also leaves much to be desired. Yorum: This has been our only choice in recent years due to the food, cleanliness, attractions and excellent staff. We were very pleased with the hygiene, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the rooms and the daily change of bed linen. We enjoyed our holiday to the fullest, taking care of cleanliness, friendly service and a wide range of attractions for children and adults. The cleanliness of the hotel, the care and attention of the staff, cleaning, pools, food, drinks... The hotel had lots of large living areas, was very hygiene conscious and common areas were cleaned regularly. The Arab customer profile in the hotel is sometimes irritating; they buy products with their hands at open buffets and do not care about hygiene. We believe that child friendliness and hygiene are extremely important. Everything was perfect for me in terms of food, hygiene, entertainment, friendliness and quality. First of all, hygiene; I would like to emphasize that I am a meticulous person and the hygiene in the hotel was really good, I never had any problems. Seeing this once again, I was very pleased with the hotel's hygiene. I think that what I have written will dispel any prejudices you may have as a result of bad comments about hygiene. Swimming pool hygiene is very poor. We were very pleased with the hygiene, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the rooms and the daily change of bed linen. Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. Very clean throughout the hotel. Yorum: Rooms clean, cleaned daily. Rooms clean, minibar restocked daily. Delicious food, mega clean, nice service. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the staff are very hard working… 24. The rooms are cleaned thoroughly and regularly, and shavings were left scattered on the floor throughout the stay. The rooms are a bit outdated, but there is absolutely no problem with cleanliness. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful – very clean and the staff are welcoming. The cleaning was very good by Derya and her colleagues. Room cleaning, towel change, mini bar deficiencies were poorly remedied. The hotel had lots of large living areas, was very hygiene conscious and common areas were cleaned regularly. The room was big enough and clean. The kids club was very nice, clean and safe. The cleaning staff could pay more attention when cleaning. Everything, from plates, forks and spoons to the cleanliness of the rooms and bedding, the cleanliness of the toilets, the interior of the bathroom and the cleaning of the sun loungers, had been thought out in great detail and was spotlessly clean. Right behind them, a staff with brushes and a bucket full of bleach and water in their hands cleans even the smallest stains. The room cleaning is terrible. The room equipment, although not new, is quite decent, everything is clean, the mattress… 53. Emine Hanım and Gül Hanım, who are responsible for cleaning the rooms, Neslihan Hanım, the floor manager, Ozan Bey and Senem Hanım from the guest services department were extremely polite and did not hesitate to do everything we asked for. The pools are very clean and large, the guests are mostly foreigners, but since the area is huge, you won't meet them :) Come with peace of mind 🌸 55. But all in all I'm glad we went there for our vacation because the hotel itself is really clean and beautiful and we had an amazing 9 days there but the little things were sometimes really annoying. The rooms are clean, the animation team is amazing, the pools are wonderful. Furthermore, the shared toilets were not clean at all. And I have never witnessed it being closed for cleaning. They also lock them up here for cleaning, like a mall restroom. I won't share photos so as not to upset anyone, but I can say that I have never once seen the toilets in the common areas clean. As I was about to go to the toilet, the assistant said, "Cleaning will begin." I replied, “I’m too stuck.” He repeated: "IT'S FORBIDDEN." As for food, it did not have a very rich cuisine compared to Santa Belek. I would like to point out that the area is huge and very clean 👌 Large selection and variety of food, delicious. great selection!!!|Rooms were great....|Such a clean hotel area!!|In the spa area. Cleanliness is at the highest level. The beach is beautiful, the sea is relatively clean. You either have to walk around until you find a spot or you have to clean up other people's towels yourself… 75. |Rooms were clean and there is plenty for kids.… 78. Thanks to the cleaning staff on the 3rd floor, especially Mrs. The beach is very clean, there are always free sunbeds. It couldn't be cleaner, the facility and rooms were always cleaned very thoroughly. Cleanliness is not bad. Both the rooms and the hotel were very clean and spacious. The facility is really great, the beach is very clean. The rooms are very clean and have everything you need. The rooms are clean. For dinner we visited the Asia restaurant, it was delicious, both fish and meat, I recommend it 😊 The service in the hotel is good, I just wish the cleaning did a better job. The food in the hotel is really good but the rooms are old and not very clean, they could definitely use some improvement... Despite these minor setbacks the staff were incredibly friendly, the hotel was clean and the entertainment was fantastic. The cleanliness was good, we did not encounter any uncomfortable situations either in the hotel or in the rooms. Our room was clean and the beds slept well. We had no complaints about cleanliness anywhere in the hotel, the cafe inside is my favorite ❤️ It has extremely solution-oriented and courteous service even with the smallest of issues. + However, it is necessary to highlight the excellent service of the staff, especially the cleaning staff and the restaurant staff. Friendly staff, everything is kept clean, large selection of food and… 120. Deria cleaned for us. Then another manager came in and supervised the cleaning. We would like to thank the staff at our kids club who I can't remember, and our cleaner in that section. The cleanliness also leaves much to be desired. The most positive thing about the hotel is that the pools are cleaned every evening and water samples are taken regularly! The rooms are clean, nice. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable, modernly furnished and equipped with all necessary amenities. I would like to thank all the staff for the nice service, especially the waiter HAMZA, who every evening made us very happy with the service he provided to us and all the tables with his clean and smiling face every evening. They say they "clean the pools every night" and have never seen them clean the pool. I've never seen a guy with a pool cleaning net or a pool vacuum cleaner. The cleaning ladies are very rude. I had to call the lady who had already cleaned the room, but because my 2-year-old is very weak with diarrhea and diseases. She told me that she had already cleaned the room and couldn't clean it now and would come back later. Lots of pools, all very clean inside and around. The rooms were kept clean daily and once again the staff were lovely. Yorum: This has been our only choice in recent years due to the food, cleanliness, attractions and excellent staff. We were very pleased with the hygiene, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the rooms and the daily change of bed linen. Cleaning is effective, even without tips. The rooms were clean and comfortable, we had a standard room which was more than big enough. Cleaning the room only what was necessary. The best beach on the coast, the cleanest sea. Cleaning is also very helpful. We enjoyed our holiday to the fullest, taking care of cleanliness, friendly service and a wide range of attractions for children and adults. The cleanliness of the hotel, the care and attention of the staff, cleaning, pools, food, drinks... They are also very clean. |The only thing that could be improved is that the rooms have an outdated decor and the cleaning could be done better. Best hotel, very friendly staff and above all very clean. It would be great if they paid attention to this and cleaned the pools more often. Unfortunately, the rooms are not cleaned properly and there is a lot of dust under the bed. Lots of staff, everything is always clean or cleaned quickly, everyone is friendly and relaxed. Yorum: The hotel is great, clean and the food is excellent. ||Really warm and very clean hotel.|The staff are wonderful. The whole complex is just beautiful and very well-kept, and everything is very, very clean. Thank you Gul, the cleaning lady who takes great care of you, I really thank her.

Kumsal için rating: 8.5
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 98
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. Nice beach, cool bar. One minus - miller beer at the Beach bar available only to the chosen ones :( . The entire surroundings are lush, green and spacious, and the private beach is an added bonus. The beach bar offers mostly local alcohol, but the lobby and pool bar are of higher quality! The beach is excellent, soft sand, the entrance to the sea is small pebbles with sand, much better than in Belek, where it is sometimes extremely difficult to enter. There is a bit of a problem with the availability of sunbeds on the beach, especially for those who like to sleep in until 11, but we didn't experience any problems. Many different bars on the way to the beach and on the beach itself. The whiskey selection is decent, on the beach Ballantynes, Jim Beam, at the pool bar - Gentleman Jack, Black Label, Chivas etc., Gordon’s gin, Beefeater, Baileys, you won’t be sad at all. There are plenty of pools and a water park to choose from, as well as a gorgeous beach. We definitely plan to return to this nice place on a beautiful beach. Yorum: This hotel is not the most noticeable of all the great beach hotels east of Antalya. The beds still had beach sand underneath the mattress and the baseboards were dusty. We didn't use the beach as we didn't need it, but it looked tidy. The beach is beautiful, the sea is relatively clean. In addition, our sweet sisters from the beach snack cafe and my son's only fan, Sümeyra, took great care of us. The beach is very clean, there are always free sunbeds. Throughout the hotel there are rusty corners, nails and screws, and glass in the water and on the beach. Very leisurely service at the beach bar. When the hotel is full, there are not enough sun loungers on the beach. Beach-sand-digging-for five people. The beach is sandy, neat, although there is a rather sharp transition into the depth. The facility is really great, the beach is very clean. Great kids area by the pool and playground within the complex and even on the beach. Only well-kept terrain, beach and sea help. Additionally, the proximity to the beach was very convenient. Yorum: Beautiful hotel with good pools and nice beach. On the beach everything was well organized. The beach is beautiful, lots of pools and a huge water park. The beach is nice and everything in the resort is close. I can't comment on the rooms as we stayed in the residence which if you're on a budget I highly recommend, however my experience with the lounges, beach and all the other places of interest were fantastic. Beach volleyball. Sandy private beach. For ladies who make kumpir and gozleme on the beach. Turns an ordinary day at the beach into an exciting day. The only thing that bothered us was the lack of service on the beach and the service was self-service. He upgraded us to a villa which included a private pool, private beach, restaurant for villa residents and buggy service. For lunch we enjoyed jacket potatoes at the beach bar, but an a la carte option is also available throughout the day. The best beach on the coast, the cleanest sea. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment. The food is great and the beach is beautiful. And while the children are resting, adults can show their creativity on the beach, because those who have skillful hands can create joy from the sand for the delight of beachgoers. I really liked the sea and the beach. The beach, water park and all the water sports were amazing. Another very positive thing is that there are always free sun loungers by the pool and on the beach. (a la carte snack bar near the kids club and really, really great, they offer a small selection but it is a quality that is rarely found, definitely go and try it) There are several pools everywhere and despite the huge number of customers, you will always find a place no matter the time, the same goes for the beach which is beautifully maintained. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). The sea is beautiful, warm and sandy, there are always plenty of sun loungers and towels on the beach. The beach kiosk offers a variety of food items and a magnum freezer (included). The beach is excellent, soft sand, the entrance to the sea is small pebbles with sand, much better than in Belek, where it is sometimes extremely difficult to enter. There is sand at the entrance to the sea, the sea itself is calm almost all day long, in the afternoon there are small waves that you won't even notice. The beds still had beach sand underneath the mattress and the baseboards were dusty. 14 thousand a night is a complete disappointment. On the volleyball court the sand was compacted to concrete - if it weren't for the employee - Lyubov, we would have received one star, but after the complaint she solved everything. Beach-sand-digging-for five people. The beach is sandy, neat, although there is a rather sharp transition into the depth. Sandy private beach. And while the children are resting, adults can show their creativity on the beach, because those who have skillful hands can create joy from the sand for the delight of beachgoers. The sea is beautiful, warm and sandy, there are always plenty of sun loungers and towels on the beach. Next to the sea shore. The mini club offers all kinds of fun activities in the morning, perfect for sunbathing. Yorum: We went pre-season and we really enjoyed it. The food for people on a gluten-free diet is very poor, I do not recommend this place for people with Celiac disease. Couldn't find a seat at the pools. We asked to be shown a room, preferably with a sea view. Top floor with beautiful views of the sea and hotel grounds! The only downside for us was that the sea was not beautiful. The beach is excellent, soft sand, the entrance to the sea is small pebbles with sand, much better than in Belek, where it is sometimes extremely difficult to enter. There is sand at the entrance to the sea, the sea itself is calm almost all day long, in the afternoon there are small waves that you won't even notice. They gave us a great room with a view of the pool and the sea, we didn't pay anything extra. Ala carte restaurants are paid, there are several of them, we were in one, bluefish, on the seafront. I would even like to point out this; On the way from the pool to the sea there is a small stone path, and some guests spill food and drinks on this stone path while walking along it. The sea is always rocky, wavy and dirty. And yes, IC green palace, beautiful green surroundings, entrance to the sea ideal, especially with children. How was the room with a pool/sea view? I can say that the sea in September is very wavy, but they made up for this gap with the swimming pool and… 60. Even though it was the beginning of the season in hotel service, some of the staff were bored. The beach is beautiful, the sea is relatively clean. The water parks are very safe and the sea is beautiful. In short, I recommend it to those who are looking for friendly service, pleasant activities at the pool and sea and a child-friendly hotel. We will definitely be back in the off-season! Well, the sea. Those who go in season will have a much easier time swimming in the pool; time can be spent in the shade by the pool with plenty of trees. Yorum: Overall the hotel was good, however as it was September the sea was very wavy. Next to the sea shore. It is located close to the airport, which is an advantage during the high season in Antalya. Only well-kept terrain, beach and sea help. It has a sufficient number of swimming pools and an Aquapark, and the number of sunbeds both in the sea and in the swimming pools is sufficient. The only negative thing I can say is the sea; it is wavy and deepens quickly. To avoid accidents, we finally simply walked into the sea. I had to call the lady who had already cleaned the room, but because my 2-year-old is very weak with diarrhea and diseases. She expected me to wait for her God knows how long in a room with diseases everywhere and nowhere to sit. There are sushi, seafood, Mexican and Turkish nights. The best beach on the coast, the cleanest sea. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. I really liked the sea and the beach. The sea is beautiful, warm and sandy, there are always plenty of sun loungers and towels on the beach. There is sand at the entrance to the sea, the sea itself is calm almost all day long, in the afternoon there are small waves that you won't even notice.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.9
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 95
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: The transport location was very good. From the moment we arrived until the bittersweet moment of check-out, we felt like we had been transported to paradise. The location is not ideal as you always need a taxi for shopping. Very fast and acceptable transfer service at the taxi stand in the lobby. Yorum: Close to the airport, about 20 minutes by taxi. Proper check-in and check-out system Near the airport - take a taxi - the journey takes 25 minutes. The hotel itself is a 5 minute taxi ride from Lara Shops, a huge shopping strip with several bars and restaurants, but it is not walkable from the hotel. Yorum: Close to the airport, about 20 minutes by taxi. Proper check-in and check-out system Near the airport - take a taxi - the journey takes 25 minutes. It is located close to the airport, which is an advantage during the high season in Antalya. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, short flight from airport The restaurant staff are the friendliest at the hotel. Behind the hotel there is a busy street. Cimen tried too, but Jim was too busy. The staff are busy chatting among themselves and clearing your plates instead of asking what you would like to drink. Parking is sufficient and pleasant. The location is not ideal as you always need a taxi for shopping. Yorum: The hotel is also in a nice location. The transport location was very good. In summary, for the location and price we cannot fault our holiday. Here is what I noticed: in my opinion, “almost all” of the employees I interacted with, regardless of their location in the hotel, were extremely respectful, willing, and hard-working. We were completely satisfied with the service, food and location of the hotel. Yorum: IC HOTELS GREEN PALACE ÖZLÜ – AKSU ANTALYA The concept of IC Hotels Green Palace in Özlü – Aksu Antalya is very similar to the nearby hotel complexes, but it differs significantly in one respect. There were long lines at the special food points because everything was centralized in one place, preferably in two or three contact points. Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. The pool area is very large, there are enough sun loungers. Large, green area, coniferous trees, palm trees, simply a view 🔥. Yorum: A wonderful hotel with green areas, pine trees and palm trees – an interesting combination. The food is very good compared to hotels in this area. Huge green area, beautiful places to rest and relax. The hotel area is very large and the space was used very efficiently, so we felt comfortable in the hotel. Salt painting can be done in the Kids Club area for 5 euros. The hotel had lots of large living areas, was very hygiene conscious and common areas were cleaned regularly. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. First line, good area around the hotel. The pools are very clean and large, the guests are mostly foreigners, but since the area is huge, you won't meet them :) Come with peace of mind 🌸 55. I won't share photos so as not to upset anyone, but I can say that I have never once seen the toilets in the common areas clean. I would like to point out that the area is huge and very clean 👌 Large selection and variety of food, delicious. Huge green area, beautiful places to rest and relax. great selection!!!|Rooms were great....|Such a clean hotel area!!|In the spa area. Yorum: Very beautiful area. this hotel has the greenest area on the coast, many interconnected pools, top-level service, the hotel is not crowded, everything is thought out. Nice green area, water parks for all ages. Great kids area by the pool and playground within the complex and even on the beach. Although they are completely different.||The hotel area is very green, which is nice.|📌It consists of a main building, there are two-story… 98. Overall a great experience with a few areas for improvement. The hotel is very good, even though it is located in a large area, you can enjoy cold drinks, food and ice cream all day long, thanks to the availability of snack restaurants and bars with drinks. There are also quiet areas for guests. The area is gorgeous and large. It is very good to evenly distribute pools, meals, and activities within a given area. I have stayed in many hotels in the Antalya area (Granada, Mylome, Royalwings and many others) and I will never return to this hotel. There is a separate dining area for children, which is a good solution for families with small children. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. The area is picturesque and large. When we went to Aqua the first day they said our 9 year old son could not use the area because he was intoxicated. Enough highchairs, baby food, great water park, evening entertainment and a large exciting indoor area. The food for people on a gluten-free diet is very poor, I do not recommend this place for people with Celiac disease. Yorum: If you enjoy the company of Russians, this is the perfect place, as are many tourist places I have visited. Yorum: Overall, Green Palace is a great place to stay, especially for families. Check-in took place immediately after a delicious dinner; we were offered a room in a higher category than the one we had booked. Huge green area, beautiful places to rest and relax. Ferda has a special place in our hearts, she works in a restaurant and was very nice to our daughter. We definitely plan to return to this nice place on a beautiful beach. They undress their children and leave them naked in public places. The fitness center was well equipped and the spa was a great place to relax. It offers delicious and varied food, lots of cool places and attractions for children, and ways to relax for adults. It's not worth it, I'm sure there are high quality places that will do it justice. I am an addict, I can go to one place for years, but after this year I have no intention of choosing any. Huge green area, beautiful places to rest and relax. It feels weird when you see 7-8 year old kids wearing scarves in a place where alcohol flows like water. There are bars in many places, very easy access to water, ice cream and cocktails. Yorum: This is a place I visited with my family 3 years ago, hoping that this year would be better despite its shortcomings, but I was disappointed. Desserts are the same every day and at least change places at each meal. as a result, unfortunately, it is a place that has administrative problems, the food is tasteless, cannot solve your problem and you will not get a refund of the money you pay. All the sun loungers by the pools are occupied by "towels" and "personal items"; the staff does not remove them even after several hours, and the guests behave "collectively", taking a place and returning only in the evening. Waste bothers me in places like this, but I didn't feel it was a huge waste here either. There were long lines at the special food points because everything was centralized in one place, preferably in two or three contact points. Our favourite place in the hotel was the mixology bar. Everything is in one place, and at the same time there is a place to walk and enjoy. This is definitely a place I can recommend with confidence. We chose this place again for our vacation. This is a place we will choose again in the future without hesitation. It's hard to find a place to sit, whether in restaurants, pools, or at nighttime shows. |The mixology bar is the perfect place to spend an evening. there are many places with various delicious drinks, the best iced coffee and mojitos. I can't comment on the rooms as we stayed in the residence which if you're on a budget I highly recommend, however my experience with the lounges, beach and all the other places of interest were fantastic. The breakfast is amazing, especially the omelet place. Honestly, probably the best steak I've ever had was a Dallas steak, and I've had steak in a lot of places. Vegetarian options were available at most places, except the Mexican restaurant. IC Hotels Green Palace is an ideal place for families. Yorum: Great place! Yorum: Hello everyone from Green Place Hotel, first of all I would like to thank the team and especially the Snack a la carte team. Yorum: IC Green Place Resort is a fantastic choice for families! On the other hand, we quickly feel that the hotel places great emphasis on economy at the expense of guest comfort. Yorum: Hello Green Place family, we came as part of our honeymoon, we were happy with all the a la carte a la carte snacks, you are amazing, thank you FB family, we are very happy to see you on our next vacation, you are wonderful FB family, we were happy with the entire hotel. (a la carte snack bar near the kids club and really, really great, they offer a small selection but it is a quality that is rarely found, definitely go and try it) There are several pools everywhere and despite the huge number of customers, you will always find a place no matter the time, the same goes for the beach which is beautifully maintained.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 9.5
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 26
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: First of all, at the party we were taken care of by a young lady named Gizem. The last minus is the very loud music outside until midnight. Loud music until 11:30 pm that can be heard in the rooms, impossible to fall asleep. In the evenings you can listen to live music by the pool. Beautiful One in a quiet part, the other near live music. The DJ plays great music, but I have to say that Sunday music on… 38. Yorum: Everything was great, the DJ had great music and the food was great, but I would like to see more variety :) As for the entertainment team, Merve was really the friendliest and always there! There is also live music every evening. The only thing that really made our first few days difficult was the fact that outside our windows there was a stage where a DJ played loud music until midnight. Also our room was on the side where the live music was in the evening and our daughter kept waking up because the music was too loud and the windows are too thin and didn't block out any noise from outside (we were on the third floor). Loud music outside the window until about midnight - but the glass is well insulated. Every evening there were dance shows, animations and live music. The program also includes various performances for adults and live music. Pools: very quiet pool only for adults, 1 pool with quite loud music (there were many parents with children), 1 part for babies and toddlers, 1 pool with slides for small… 104. Every evening there is a show, live music and a DJ. - Every evening, there was live music playing right outside our room until midnight, which caused our baby to wake up more often. The evening program also offers a variety of shows, live music and DJs. Yorum: It was a pleasant stay :) The evenings were always fun not only for us but also for the kids, whether it was a kids show, animation show or DJ nights! The DJ plays great music, but I have to say that Sunday music on… 38. Yorum: Everything was great, the DJ had great music and the food was great, but I would like to see more variety :) As for the entertainment team, Merve was really the friendliest and always there! The only thing that really made our first few days difficult was the fact that outside our windows there was a stage where a DJ played loud music until midnight. Every evening there is a show, live music and a DJ. The evening program also offers a variety of shows, live music and DJs. Every meal was a culinary adventure for me, with flavors dancing on my taste buds. The mini club offers all kinds of fun activities in the morning, perfect for sunbathing. I would definitely recommend the kids club for little kids as they offer really fun activities like face painting and active games.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 10.0
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 24
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Animation and children's club, water park, interesting evening shows. Great for kids, we loved Cimen with our kids 🥰 the evening shows are really top notch. Great mini clubs for all ages, plus evening shows for kids. The evening shows are great. We were very pleased with the animation and evening events, the evening shows were impressive. Activities for children at the level, children do not get bored, evening shows are worthy of attention. In the evenings you can listen to live music by the pool. Beautiful One in a quiet part, the other near live music. There is also live music every evening. Also our room was on the side where the live music was in the evening and our daughter kept waking up because the music was too loud and the windows are too thin and didn't block out any noise from outside (we were on the third floor). Every evening there were dance shows, animations and live music. The program also includes various performances for adults and live music. Every evening there is a show, live music and a DJ. - Every evening, there was live music playing right outside our room until midnight, which caused our baby to wake up more often. The evening program also offers a variety of shows, live music and DJs. Every meal was a culinary adventure for me, with flavors dancing on my taste buds. Interesting evening performances. I would like to see their breakfasts in my home kitchen :) Performances in the amphitheater at the level of 5* hotels. The evening's performances were nice, but they didn't portray a decent person and didn't get people in the mood. The program also includes various performances for adults and live music. The night's performances were amazing. One pleasant feature that was unique was the late night theatre performances. And speaking of relaxation and good fun, the cherry on the cake was the nightly, professional dance performances at 9:30 PM! Interesting performances, children also appear in the performances.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 9.7
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 17
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: The fitness center was well equipped and the spa was a great place to relax. The spa was amazing. great selection!!!|Rooms were great....|Such a clean hotel area!!|In the spa area. In my opinion the hotel spa was very nice and very hygienic in terms of price and efficiency. There is an excellent spa center with a wide range of services. Raj from the spa does a great massage and is very nice. I had a really good massage for 60 euros, it was worth it. Beautiful Thai women gave us scrubs and massages. including à la carte restaurants and massages, all of which we were very pleased with. Raj from the spa does a great massage and is very nice. Peace and quiet, few people and relaxation. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. And speaking of relaxation and good fun, the cherry on the cake was the nightly, professional dance performances at 9:30 PM! If you are looking for the perfect combination of relaxation and fun, look no further than the IC Palace Hotel. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment. If you want to spoil your vacation and health this hotel is perfect!!! We especially liked the variety of healthy options and the special children's menu.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 8.1
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 16
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Everything, from plates, forks and spoons to the cleanliness of the rooms and bedding, the cleanliness of the toilets, the interior of the bathroom and the cleaning of the sun loungers, had been thought out in great detail and was spotlessly clean. I indicated that my bedding did not need changing, but it was still ready. The beds still had beach sand underneath the mattress and the baseboards were dusty. The room equipment, although not new, is quite decent, everything is clean, the mattress… 53. Finally a hotel where the mattresses aren't so hard. The only downside for us are the loungers without mattresses, they are hard and you can't rest or lie on them for long. We are familiar with mattress loungers from other hotels in this price range in the region and are therefore already “spoiled” by having the more comfortable loungers. Peace and quiet, few people and relaxation. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. And speaking of relaxation and good fun, the cherry on the cake was the nightly, professional dance performances at 9:30 PM! If you are looking for the perfect combination of relaxation and fun, look no further than the IC Palace Hotel. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment. There is sand at the entrance to the sea, the sea itself is calm almost all day long, in the afternoon there are small waves that you won't even notice. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. The pool was an oasis of calm. The slides with cheesecakes are interesting, there is one calm one and two interesting ones, the slides without cheesecakes are less interesting, there are three straight ones and with lots of turns.

Spor Alanları için rating: 7.2
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: The fitness center was well equipped and the spa was a great place to relax. The hotel even has a gym, yoga pilates, volleyball and soccer courts. Gym, tennis court. Apart from gymnastics, there is no animation at the pool, terribly boring. 2 basketball throwing machines and all balls are deflated without exception! Gym, tennis court. The animator Eilem played different games every day and was very good at table tennis herself, and my family and I had a great time.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 9.5
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: They truly respected and treated everyone, from couples to large families, with the same level of care and attention which really elevated our experience. Peace and quiet, few people and relaxation. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. And speaking of relaxation and good fun, the cherry on the cake was the nightly, professional dance performances at 9:30 PM! If you are looking for the perfect combination of relaxation and fun, look no further than the IC Palace Hotel. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 8.5
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. The hotel's strengths include its surroundings, catering available almost 24 hours a day, entertainment, children's pools and a café in the lobby. - The paving slabs around the swimming pools, including the children's pools, were extremely slippery, almost like ice. They even thought about placing a canopy over the children's pool so that the children could play in peace and avoid sunstroke or burns. I do not recommend a hotel that is supposedly family-friendly.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: My wife and I chose this for our honeymoon and were very pleased. Yorum: Hello Green Place family, we came as part of our honeymoon, we were happy with all the a la carte a la carte snacks, you are amazing, thank you FB family, we are very happy to see you on our next vacation, you are wonderful FB family, we were happy with the entire hotel. The entire surroundings are lush, green and spacious, and the private beach is an added bonus. Sandy private beach. He upgraded us to a villa which included a private pool, private beach, restaurant for villa residents and buggy service. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price).

Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için rating: 6.7
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Cats are funny. Also swans and cats - - - We ended our holiday 3 nights earlier than we paid for as it was not relaxing for us. There are cats, one scratches but in my opinion it's only mine.

Özel Menü için rating: 3.7
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: Vegetarian options were available at most places, except the Mexican restaurant. The food for people on a gluten-free diet is very poor, I do not recommend this place for people with Celiac disease. It is very good to evenly distribute pools, meals, and activities within a given area.

