Hotel Name: Ic Hotels Residence

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Diving', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 9.4
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 270
All results text for Service Quality: Comment: Very decent, service quality is good 178. The service is first class - the staff always find a way to meet your needs, even if they don't have anything right away. The staff is very responsive and … 6. The staff do everything to fulfill the guests' wishes. In general, there are no complaints about the hotel: clean, friendly and helpful staff, delicious food. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The staff work 100 percent! Attention from the staff and assistants Marina and Ekaterina, who are in contact every day.||Various food.|Room cleaning is of high quality and timely. |Friendly and helpful staff. The staff and animation team were very friendly. The staff, from the restaurants to the beach hut, went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and comfortable. Delicious food, super friendly staff. The staff are knowledgeable, experienced and customer-oriented to support the concept. Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food at … 32. The most important asset of the hotel is definitely the staff. Comment: From the lowest staff to the top staff, everyone is so caring, respectful, helpful in every way and does everything they can. The peace and quiet that you don't find in 'normal' all-inclusive places, and a wonderfully helpful, kind and sweet staff!!! All the staff are warm, kind and very helpful. Comment: We have just returned with 2 families from this amazing resort and had a wonderful holiday with 8 people.|We were so spoiled for 10 days.|Nothing is too much trouble for the staff, everyone is so nice and helpful.|From … 48. delicious, cozy, clean, beautiful and most importantly, helpful and polite staff. Yorum: IC Recidence staff, especially Chef Şirîn and his team, Huriye, Hüseyin, Sevgi, Bartender Deniz, Sıla, Yıldıray, gave us a very nice holiday, always with a smiling face and never a moment of disrespect, which we would like to thank for you. NO problem for the staff, 5 minutes later they delivered chicken nuggets from the main restaurant. Overall, the resort makes for a positive and memorable experience, with every member of staff being very nice and super helpful. The staff is very friendly and attentive to us as guests. The waiting staff in the restaurant are … 58. Comment: The service was generally very professional, but there were a few staff members who were overwhelmed. I spent over 3 hours over 3 days trying to book the property over the phone, the prices quoted by the reservation teams were sometimes 3 times the advertised price on the IC website, every time we called a different price was quoted, and staff were extremely unhelpful and rude. Furthermore, the staff were ignorant of the property and could not tell us if the property had access to the hotel facilities and what was included. But once at the hotel the staff were much friendlier, the innkeeper was much more accommodating, welcomed us with flowers on arrival and was able to accommodate our specific needs, so I would like to extend a special thank you and appreciation to her (I forget her name but she was Russian and wore a pink suit) Nevertheless, we had a great stay, would definitely recommend the hotel and no doubt these small issues will be rectified eventually. I would like to note the excellent work of the staff of the seaside bar Omer - super professional, always with a smile even in the hellish heat, Alena, Tamila, chef Mehmet and colleagues - provide the highest level of service, thank you very much! The staff (the service at the hotel bars or restaurants) were all very polite and attentive. The staff is very friendly and fulfills all wishes without much demand. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. The staff is very friendly, we even kept in touch with a waiter. I liked all the staff the best because they were so friendly, funny and nice. The entire staff at the residence restaurant with humor, attentiveness, fast service and delicious food. Shirin is always in good spirits and leads the staff unnoticed by us, Alena, Shabin, Nikhat, Merve, Kutra, Engin, Erkan, Hasan - you are the best. time now and it only seems to get better.|Beautiful swimming pools and no need for a towel.|Great food and amazing staff!|See you next time!!|| 75. This particularly affects the staff. The staff very nice and welcoming. All the staff are so friendly and they really serve you with a genuine smile and eagerness to please (I know some other hotels where the staff help with tips but this is not like this) Great points: * Great view for photography including a forest with flowers. Comment: The description of IC Residence is not very detailed; I'll take care of it.||Nice welcome, very friendly staff, always cracking jokes. I have booked massages at the Green Palace; it's the same staff, but you immediately pay €20 less, for whatever reason. The facility is very large and spacious; There were many Russian guests, but the staff consistently spoke good English. The staff is great, always a smile, always a solution to questions. Above all, the staff and the cleanliness of the villas and the whole complex are perfect. The staff were very attentive, friendly, not to mention warm. We have been to many hotels, but without having to tip all the time, the staff were fantastic. The staff are also very friendly and attentive and the service is so seamless at times you don't even notice. A big thank you to everyone at IC Residence in Antalya, the reception staff especially Mehmet, the staff at Mavi who always went the extra mile for us and Imran from the Snack Bar during lunch, you were amazing! Comment: The hotel and the entire staff at IC Hotels Residence are beyond excellent! The friendliness and courtesy of all staff is indescribable. I would like to highlight the following staff: Abdurahma (I think he was there for all the guests) Ömer (was always at the bar in the evening) Ufuk (always fresh cocktails at the beach bar every day) Mehmet (had control over everything in the beach area) Mustafa and Abdurahman were super friendly every night for dinner! All staff throughout the complex are always very friendly and accommodating. The attitude of all the staff is excellent, the food is excellent and the atmosphere is great. Polite staff. Comment: Good service, very polite staff. Very smiling staff and always attentive to our needs. Relaxing, great facilities, amazing food, amazing staff. Other than that the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: The most important thing first: "an all-round perfect holiday"||||The service, the staff, the a la carte food, the facility, the booth, etc... All staff are very polite and hard working. The staff tries to do a good job and generally does. Some free animations but not too pushy by the staff. Any minor issues were very sorted and all the staff are very welcoming and efficient and everywhere is kept tidy and very clean. Positivity of hotel staff makes people feel good. The restaurant menu is fixed, but the restaurant staff are amazing... forbidden, 5 stars for the friendliness of the staff and I will go again... The staff is knowledgeable and wonderful. Yorum: Great hotel, great staff, the kids flew away |. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. Yorum: The welcome was excellent, the staff were friendly, this hotel is definitely our only choice from now on. Yorum: This is the best luxury hotel in Antalya, the staff is so friendly, the service is the best, recommended! Comment: Good service, especially at the spy behind the restaurant where all the staff are friendly. No other hotel or staff can compare. Nice staff, lovely environment, excellent accommodation and fantastically good food. Comment: Thank you to all the staff at Hotel IC Residence. Comment: The food could be better, but the staff is outstanding 127. Attentive staff. The hotel is very clean Follow the instructions for COVID-19 Amazing staff 130. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. it has quality staff.. I would like to thank the housing staff for welcoming me there with a smiling face. Yorum: It was a wonderful trip and I love ic hotel and the staff is too friendly especially Yasser, Hawa, Israel, lhami, Muraat and Elena... Comment: Varied food of good quality, friendly staff (especially the waiter 100 Aras), beautiful view, and much more..👍👍☺ … 143. Comment: Spectacles hotel staff very welcoming food very good I would recommend it I will come back 146. The staff is very responsive and very friendly. Yorum: Beautiful all inclusive resort and very nice staff in residence 150. Yorum: Fantastic hotel fantastic staff fantastic food fantastic all the way 😀 … 158. Comment: Great staff, good hotel, I recommend it. Delicious food, super friendly staff. Comment: The description of IC Residence is not very detailed; I'll take care of it.||Nice welcome, very friendly staff, always cracking jokes. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. Comment: Varied food of good quality, friendly staff (especially the waiter 100 Aras), beautiful view, and much more..👍👍☺ … 143. In general, there are no complaints about the hotel: clean, friendly and helpful staff, delicious food. The staff are so friendly and helpful. |Friendly and helpful staff. Guest relations (Ekaterina) and reception (Tugce & Memmeth) very helpful and hospitable. Comment: From the lowest staff to the top staff, everyone is so caring, respectful, helpful in every way and does everything they can. The peace and quiet that you don't find in 'normal' all-inclusive places, and a wonderfully helpful, kind and sweet staff!!! All the staff are warm, kind and very helpful. Comment: We have just returned with 2 families from this amazing resort and had a wonderful holiday with 8 people.|We were so spoiled for 10 days.|Nothing is too much trouble for the staff, everyone is so nice and helpful.|From … 48. delicious, cozy, clean, beautiful and most importantly, helpful and polite staff. Overall, the resort makes for a positive and memorable experience, with every member of staff being very nice and super helpful. I spent over 3 hours over 3 days trying to book the property over the phone, the prices quoted by the reservation teams were sometimes 3 times the advertised price on the IC website, every time we called a different price was quoted, and staff were extremely unhelpful and rude. Other than that the staff were friendly and helpful. This was soon ruined by the most unfriendly extremely rude grumpy receptionist, he delighted in being as unhelpful as he could. The service is first class - the staff always find a way to meet your needs, even if they don't have anything right away. The staff is very responsive and … 6. The staff do everything to fulfill the guests' wishes. In general, there are no complaints about the hotel: clean, friendly and helpful staff, delicious food. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The staff work 100 percent! Attention from the staff and assistants Marina and Ekaterina, who are in contact every day.||Various food.|Room cleaning is of high quality and timely. |Friendly and helpful staff. The staff and animation team were very friendly. The staff, from the restaurants to the beach hut, went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and comfortable. Delicious food, super friendly staff. The staff are knowledgeable, experienced and customer-oriented to support the concept. Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food at … 32. The most important asset of the hotel is definitely the staff. Comment: From the lowest staff to the top staff, everyone is so caring, respectful, helpful in every way and does everything they can. The peace and quiet that you don't find in 'normal' all-inclusive places, and a wonderfully helpful, kind and sweet staff!!! All the staff are warm, kind and very helpful. Comment: We have just returned with 2 families from this amazing resort and had a wonderful holiday with 8 people.|We were so spoiled for 10 days.|Nothing is too much trouble for the staff, everyone is so nice and helpful.|From … 48. delicious, cozy, clean, beautiful and most importantly, helpful and polite staff. Yorum: IC Recidence staff, especially Chef Şirîn and his team, Huriye, Hüseyin, Sevgi, Bartender Deniz, Sıla, Yıldıray, gave us a very nice holiday, always with a smiling face and never a moment of disrespect, which we would like to thank for you. NO problem for the staff, 5 minutes later they delivered chicken nuggets from the main restaurant. Overall, the resort makes for a positive and memorable experience, with every member of staff being very nice and super helpful. The staff is very friendly and attentive to us as guests. The waiting staff in the restaurant are … 58. Comment: The service was generally very professional, but there were a few staff members who were overwhelmed. I spent over 3 hours over 3 days trying to book the property over the phone, the prices quoted by the reservation teams were sometimes 3 times the advertised price on the IC website, every time we called a different price was quoted, and staff were extremely unhelpful and rude. Furthermore, the staff were ignorant of the property and could not tell us if the property had access to the hotel facilities and what was included. But once at the hotel the staff were much friendlier, the innkeeper was much more accommodating, welcomed us with flowers on arrival and was able to accommodate our specific needs, so I would like to extend a special thank you and appreciation to her (I forget her name but she was Russian and wore a pink suit) Nevertheless, we had a great stay, would definitely recommend the hotel and no doubt these small issues will be rectified eventually. I would like to note the excellent work of the staff of the seaside bar Omer - super professional, always with a smile even in the hellish heat, Alena, Tamila, chef Mehmet and colleagues - provide the highest level of service, thank you very much! The staff (the service at the hotel bars or restaurants) were all very polite and attentive. The staff is very friendly and fulfills all wishes without much demand. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. The staff is very friendly, we even kept in touch with a waiter. I liked all the staff the best because they were so friendly, funny and nice. The entire staff at the residence restaurant with humor, attentiveness, fast service and delicious food. Shirin is always in good spirits and leads the staff unnoticed by us, Alena, Shabin, Nikhat, Merve, Kutra, Engin, Erkan, Hasan - you are the best. time now and it only seems to get better.|Beautiful swimming pools and no need for a towel.|Great food and amazing staff!|See you next time!!|| 75. This particularly affects the staff. The staff very nice and welcoming. All the staff are so friendly and they really serve you with a genuine smile and eagerness to please (I know some other hotels where the staff help with tips but this is not like this) Great points: * Great view for photography including a forest with flowers. Comment: The description of IC Residence is not very detailed; I'll take care of it.||Nice welcome, very friendly staff, always cracking jokes. I have booked massages at the Green Palace; it's the same staff, but you immediately pay €20 less, for whatever reason. The facility is very large and spacious; There were many Russian guests, but the staff consistently spoke good English. The staff is great, always a smile, always a solution to questions. Above all, the staff and the cleanliness of the villas and the whole complex are perfect. The staff were very attentive, friendly, not to mention warm. We have been to many hotels, but without having to tip all the time, the staff were fantastic. The staff are also very friendly and attentive and the service is so seamless at times you don't even notice. A big thank you to everyone at IC Residence in Antalya, the reception staff especially Mehmet, the staff at Mavi who always went the extra mile for us and Imran from the Snack Bar during lunch, you were amazing! Comment: The hotel and the entire staff at IC Hotels Residence are beyond excellent! The friendliness and courtesy of all staff is indescribable. I would like to highlight the following staff: Abdurahma (I think he was there for all the guests) Ömer (was always at the bar in the evening) Ufuk (always fresh cocktails at the beach bar every day) Mehmet (had control over everything in the beach area) Mustafa and Abdurahman were super friendly every night for dinner! All staff throughout the complex are always very friendly and accommodating. The attitude of all the staff is excellent, the food is excellent and the atmosphere is great. Polite staff. Comment: Good service, very polite staff. Very smiling staff and always attentive to our needs. Relaxing, great facilities, amazing food, amazing staff. Other than that the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: The most important thing first: "an all-round perfect holiday"||||The service, the staff, the a la carte food, the facility, the booth, etc... All staff are very polite and hard working. The staff tries to do a good job and generally does. Some free animations but not too pushy by the staff. Any minor issues were very sorted and all the staff are very welcoming and efficient and everywhere is kept tidy and very clean. Positivity of hotel staff makes people feel good. The restaurant menu is fixed, but the restaurant staff are amazing... forbidden, 5 stars for the friendliness of the staff and I will go again... The staff is knowledgeable and wonderful. Yorum: Great hotel, great staff, the kids flew away |. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. Yorum: The welcome was excellent, the staff were friendly, this hotel is definitely our only choice from now on. Yorum: This is the best luxury hotel in Antalya, the staff is so friendly, the service is the best, recommended! Comment: Good service, especially at the spy behind the restaurant where all the staff are friendly. No other hotel or staff can compare. Nice staff, lovely environment, excellent accommodation and fantastically good food. Comment: Thank you to all the staff at Hotel IC Residence. Comment: The food could be better, but the staff is outstanding 127. Attentive staff. The hotel is very clean Follow the instructions for COVID-19 Amazing staff 130. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. it has quality staff.. I would like to thank the housing staff for welcoming me there with a smiling face. Yorum: It was a wonderful trip and I love ic hotel and the staff is too friendly especially Yasser, Hawa, Israel, lhami, Muraat and Elena... Comment: Varied food of good quality, friendly staff (especially the waiter 100 Aras), beautiful view, and much more..👍👍☺ … 143. Comment: Spectacles hotel staff very welcoming food very good I would recommend it I will come back 146. The staff is very responsive and very friendly. Yorum: Beautiful all inclusive resort and very nice staff in residence 150. Yorum: Fantastic hotel fantastic staff fantastic food fantastic all the way 😀 … 158. Comment: Great staff, good hotel, I recommend it. The service is first class - the staff always find a way to meet your needs, even if they don't have anything right away. |What we didn't like about the Residense area was the food.|- The pool service only worked sometimes. The people are wonderful and the service is very good. Impeccable service. We tried different hotels, this is definitely at the top.|Excellent food, great service, beach. Comment: Everything is very good, the service and food are very successful, the sea is warm, the area where the villas are located is clean, it is enough to have a buggy service and the waiters and cooks do their best in terms of hygiene. Nergiz, you were amazing, our holiday was very nice, we will come again next year, the service is top notch, we can't explain it, we will stay for 3 people. We loved the main restaurant IC Residence, in high season it is a must - quiet relaxing, never crowded, great service and menu. The main restaurant is great, good service and they make extra dishes for the grandchildren. Everything was fantastic, service, food experiences, the cleaning ladies and the private airport transfer are a nice way to start the holiday, and that is why we are traveling back in April. Cleanliness and service were excellent. |As a guest at IC Residence, you can also take advantage of all the services of IC … 42. a hotel for those who come for a comfortable and relaxing holiday (although the shows on the territory of IC Green, which you can use for free, are very decent, certainly better than Rixos Belek, and the water park is amazing), for whom service is more important than red caviar (although the food here is also very tasty, but without oysters and caviar, of course). The service to order food to your room is very convenient (especially in the morning, when the parents are sleeping and the children want breakfast) and free))! time, and every time we come we get the same warm welcome and very high quality service. What a service! What stands out the most is the service, they go above and beyond to make your stay there a wonderful experience. Comment: We have never experienced better service and top class luxury. Comment: The service was generally very professional, but there were a few staff members who were overwhelmed. The restaurant in the residence is excellent, and apart from the main restaurant in the hotel, the service is excellent and the variety of food is great. The property has access to a private beach bar that serves food and drink, we made good use of this facility and the service was excellent here. You feel as if it is a special service for you. Location, service, rooms, excellent food, buffet and menu optimal. I would like to note the excellent work of the staff of the seaside bar Omer - super professional, always with a smile even in the hellish heat, Alena, Tamila, chef Mehmet and colleagues - provide the highest level of service, thank you very much! The service in the hotel is excellent, there are not many people and the waiters are very attentive. Cleaning is good, laundry, room service included. The staff (the service at the hotel bars or restaurants) were all very polite and attentive. However, due to the simple and partially defective room decor and the denial of service from the reception/hotel management, we do not want to do this. Comment: Fantastic service, sumptuous dining experiences.. Comment: A mixed experience - nice territory in general with a lot of greenery, the service is sometimes sloppy or difficult with poor English. ||Good welcome and service from Mrs. Ezgi Kuru, who really had a solution for everything, and thanks to her service, was … 68. The service provided was very good, from room cleaning to beach services. I see no point in listing all the points about excellent service and food. The entire staff at the residence restaurant with humor, attentiveness, fast service and delicious food. Whether it's the reception, the service in the restaurant, the bar. Great sunbeds and great bar with good service. Comment: We spent two wonderful weeks in July in this establishment with incredible service... Comment: A very pleasant hotel complex with first class service. Residence Beach is a relaxing place with lower crowds and finer services. *The Residence main restaurant offers a very elegant food presentation, with a la carte menu service within the all-inclusive service. *Room service offers a good variety 24 hours a day. The food in the separate restaurant area of ​​the residence was fantastic, a la carte in the morning to lunch in the evening, the service was excellent, hygiene and security measures were excellent. S.: Room service with selected dishes is actually included! The staff are also very friendly and attentive and the service is so seamless at times you don't even notice. Comment: Good service, very polite staff. Impeccable service, very clean room. It's lovely to have A la Carte, specialty and buffet service for all meals, so with a huge selection of delicious food and wonderfully designed facilities, we'll never tire of all there is to enjoy here! We had to go everywhere with a buggy because of the child and it was a good idea to have this service. Comment: The most important thing first: "an all-round perfect holiday"||||The service, the staff, the a la carte food, the facility, the booth, etc... Comment: The place is beautiful, the sea is nearby, close to the airport, high quality service. Comment: Great service, great facility. Room service ok and daily, the room is made up and towels changed. Eat in Spy Bag restaurant, food and service very good with choice of a la carte or buffet, breakfast, lunch and dinner. Quiet hotel.||We liked the strictness of the dress code in the evening service.||A little … 105. The rooms and service were of the highest standard without being stiff. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. Yorum: This is the best luxury hotel in Antalya, the staff is so friendly, the service is the best, recommended! Comment: Good service, especially at the spy behind the restaurant where all the staff are friendly. A big thank you to Musa and Abdurrahman for the extraordinary good service ||Treningssenteret, Gulen was a great help. The service is top notch! Comment: We had the best stay with good service 😃😃😃||||The food is good, very child-friendly! Comment: It was amazing with its horizontal layout in harmony with its magnificent scenery and yet its service without compromising on comfort and luxury. Excellent service and excellent food! Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. Comment: Excellent place, excellent attitude, high quality food, VIP service 139. Comment: Good food, I enjoyed it very much, standard fruit, good drinks, service was very enthusiastic and attentive. Comment: It doesn't deserve 5 stars because of bad food and service in the VIP section... Comment: Service, picturesque surrounding areas, many swimming pools, Show, excellent fusion cuisine. Comment: A very decent high quality service delivery...... Comment: Excellent food, service and accommodation 💙💙💙 … 171. Comment: Very decent, service quality is good 178. Comment: Exceptional service and beautiful hotel 180.

Rating for Water Slides: 9.3
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 104
All results text for Water Slides: The pools, the water slides, the entertainment were all fantastic. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. The pools and slides were great fun and there are loads of activities for the kids. The pools, the water slides, the entertainment were all fantastic. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. the villas are luxuriously equipped with direct access to a super pool. Yorum: An excellent hotel for a family holiday.|We stayed in the lakeside villa, the villa was very comfortable, spacious rooms, 2 bathrooms, comfortable terraces by the pool. We traveled as two families together and stayed in the Lake Villas first which was great - with direct access to a super pool and large rooms with everything you need. |What we didn't like about the Residense area was the food.|- The pool service only worked sometimes. The pool is large and clean, the beach bar always has something good to eat, the restaurant is quiet, well stocked... We stayed in a Bali Junior villa with private pool. We stayed at the Lake Villas, a fantastic room with access to the pool. We started at the Lake Villas which are very nice and spacious with direct access to a great pool. The pools and slides were great fun and there are loads of activities for the kids. We love the place, gardens, pools, beach, entertainment, but best of all, all the people who work there hard and always kind, very friendly. The pools, the water slides, the entertainment were all fantastic. Luxurious hotel, excellent villa, convenient access to the pool. A private restaurant, pools, attentive waiters, lots of greenery. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. Access to the lagoon pool is brilliant and it rarely gets busy. Many bars and cafes are scattered around the beach and pools with a variety of options to supply you with water, fresh juice and ice cream. Bali one is a nice house with its own pool and small garden, larger rooms, and special rooms. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. Nice rooms with private pool with pool terrace and good cleaning every day and well-stocked minibar. Also a quiet swimming pool a little further from the Residence section. The 2 bedroom rooms were perfect with direct access to the pool. The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. In 2022 we were welcomed outside by the pool when we arrived with champagne and cocktails. Please note that only 2 of all the pools in the whole resort are heated (water park and indoor pool), I'm sure this is not a problem in summer but in April all the other pools were far too cold and were such a shame to have a pool villa with a pool that was too cold to use. We could not use the lake pool much, probably because no one used it, because it smelled a bit, but the communal pool of the residence was very nice among the flowers. The "Villa Poolsite" category is apartments with two bedrooms and a small living room right next to the communal pool. Our family traveling with us had a beautiful view over a staircase and also no direct access to the pool. At least on the fourth day of the holiday we managed to get at least the family we were traveling with to get a slightly better room (not a villa) with direct access to the pool. many pools, but they all have the same depth and shape. Comment: Excellent hotel, beautiful swimming pools, possibility to use the infrastructure of the neighboring hotel (Green Palace). The pools and sea were very clean and refreshing. time now and it only seems to get better.|Beautiful swimming pools and no need for a towel.|Great food and amazing staff!|See you next time!!|| 75. The residence (Lake Villa Poolside with direct access to the pool on the top floor) creates total Corona safety and you still have social contacts. Our villa (number 5035) has a great location for the pool and the sun. The pool is not heated, but we can swim very well in it. We almost always have the large pool at Spy-Bag Restaurant to ourselves. There are great pools for children at IC Green Palace. Comment: Lovely apartment with lovely (private) swimming pool and good food!! In July it is high season and the hotel seems to be booked early from Russia; as initially I wanted a villa with a private pool, but all were booked. * The swimming pool in front of the Residence reception is very relaxing and quiet. We were 4 adults and a child and had a beautiful apartment complex with access to the pool. Whether it's a restaurant or a pool, there's always an attentive gem present. We stayed in the quiet and peaceful Lake Villa (Duplex), which had access to a shared pool with 2 bedrooms and a living room. The villa was spacious and kept to a good standard daily and the pool was perfect for us for a morning swim. The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. We booked 6 nights at the residence, as soon as we arrived we were upgraded to a perfect villa with a private pool. The only downside is that the pools are cold in September and not one pool is heated. Heated pool + for children. Everything is there to make you feel good :-) caring waiters, modern infrastructure, restaurants, swimming pool, everything is fantastic. The private swimming pool of the residences is amazing as well as the private beach ❤️❤️❤️ I will come back next year with pleasure.. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. The Fendi villa we live in is pure luxury with 3 double bedrooms, living room, diving room, kitchen and tap, all wrapped around our own completely private pool and garden. overlooking the gardens and pools. The 7 pools in the complex are well looked after. Bali Deluxe Villa, two bedrooms, spacious with private pool (approx. Private beach and pool dedicated to 16+ for quiet surroundings. Bedroom minibar, 5 great buffet and à la carte restaurants and pool bar all included. ||I stayed in a room facing the pool, with an exclusive terrace, highly recommended! Comment: The villas and pool are fantastic 131. Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132. Comment: It is a pleasure to go directly to the pool from the room. Yorum: I think IC hotel's green palace is very nice where it has too many pools, big beach, good food and traditional Turkish food. Yorum: Luxury villa with private pool and minibar that is refilled more than daily! Comment: Service, picturesque surrounding areas, many swimming pools, Show, excellent fusion cuisine. Comment: It may be preferred because of the pools 163. We have been looking for a long time for where to go;|- near the airport|- first line with sandy beach |- ultra all inclusive |- water park... The pools, the water slides, the entertainment were all fantastic. Comment: It is a very peaceful and isolated environment If you want, you can go to the Green Palace side and do water and all kinds of activities. The on-site water park and kids club were a big hit with my family, providing endless hours of entertainment. What makes this hotel outstanding and somewhat unique in Antalya is that all activities and entertainment, water park, kids club, evening entertainment are next door at Green Palace, but you can then return to the sanctuary of the residence. Many bars and cafes are scattered around the beach and pools with a variety of options to supply you with water, fresh juice and ice cream. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. a hotel for those who come for a comfortable and relaxing holiday (although the shows on the territory of IC Green, which you can use for free, are very decent, certainly better than Rixos Belek, and the water park is amazing), for whom service is more important than red caviar (although the food here is also very tasty, but without oysters and caviar, of course). The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. Please note that only 2 of all the pools in the whole resort are heated (water park and indoor pool), I'm sure this is not a problem in summer but in April all the other pools were far too cold and were such a shame to have a pool villa with a pool that was too cold to use. The beach is sandy, wide, with a gradual increase in depth, the water is clean, fish swim, the beach is constantly cleaned. The territory is very beautiful, incredibly green - there is constant watering, landscape architects work, you are in an arboretum with aromas of pine needles and flowers. evening entertainment is nice and the water park for children is nice. * Large water park. As a guest at the Residence we also had access to the IC Green Palace and this was great for us as it allowed the kids to enjoy all the facilities such as the water park, beach, snack bars as well as kids clubs and evening theater performances (which by the way is hugely underrated!) . The fridge was filled with two bottles of water. The sand is course-type and full of rocks near the water's edge, so bring shoes. There are some water sports, but a bit expensive. Comment: Great resort for children and parents with a water park dedicated to all ages from 3 months to 16 years. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. Also a quiet swimming pool a little further from the Residence section. Comment: Excellent hotel, beautiful swimming pools, possibility to use the infrastructure of the neighboring hotel (Green Palace). time now and it only seems to get better.|Beautiful swimming pools and no need for a towel.|Great food and amazing staff!|See you next time!!|| 75. Comment: Lovely apartment with lovely (private) swimming pool and good food!! * The swimming pool in front of the Residence reception is very relaxing and quiet. Everything is there to make you feel good :-) caring waiters, modern infrastructure, restaurants, swimming pool, everything is fantastic. The private swimming pool of the residences is amazing as well as the private beach ❤️❤️❤️ I will come back next year with pleasure.. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. Comment: Service, picturesque surrounding areas, many swimming pools, Show, excellent fusion cuisine. The residence (Lake Villa Poolside with direct access to the pool on the top floor) creates total Corona safety and you still have social contacts.

Rating for Transportation Options: 9.5
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 96
All results text for Transportation Options: |Private transportation to and from the airport.|The lakeside villa is great! Even private transportation to the airport and hotel is included. |Private transportation to and from the airport.|The lakeside villa is great! Everyone who books IC Residence also has private transport from the airport included. arrived at the airport a nice driver was waiting for us with a name plate, this was immediately reassuring and the means of transport was very comfortable with … 78. Even private transportation to the airport and hotel is included. 30 minute drive); the taxis were a bit outrageous; Bus costs €2; Taxi wanted €30 one way; We were able to get one for €20. Not to forget Bahar from Kuntus Taxi... We have been looking for a long time for where to go;|- near the airport|- first line with sandy beach |- ultra all inclusive |- water park... |Private transportation to and from the airport.|The lakeside villa is great! Everything was fantastic, service, food experiences, the cleaning ladies and the private airport transfer are a nice way to start the holiday, and that is why we are traveling back in April. The included private airport transfer was the extra to make the holiday a truly perfect holiday. Our travel agent was to book 2 villas with a private shuttle from the airport and all the bells and whistles (cabanas, all inclusive plus, etc.). Everyone who books IC Residence also has private transport from the airport included. Surprise: we are met at the exit of the airport by a driver who takes us to the residences in a private shuttle bus (van type limousine). arrived at the airport a nice driver was waiting for us with a name plate, this was immediately reassuring and the means of transport was very comfortable with … 78. Even private transportation to the airport and hotel is included. Comment: The place is beautiful, the sea is nearby, close to the airport, high quality service. Private transfer provided by the hotel waiting to pick us up from Antalya airport. Through the airport relatively quick and short journey from the airport to IC Hotels Residence (15-20 min). + Private airport transfer Villa-style buildings Very spacious and green area Spacious beach + good beach bar - Only one (a la carte) restaurant No entertainment A bit old 113. Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132. It is the business of IC Tourism Group that appeals to the high income market. Access to the lagoon pool is brilliant and it rarely gets busy. Surprise: we are met at the exit of the airport by a driver who takes us to the residences in a private shuttle bus (van type limousine). Saturday to the bazaar was a bit difficult until we found out that we only needed bus 6 (approx. 30 minute drive); the taxis were a bit outrageous; Bus costs €2; Taxi wanted €30 one way; We were able to get one for €20. It was very busy but the food was good. Without drastic retraining, IC Green Palace lives up to the expression they dream of. ||Training is great with good assistance from Gulen 💪🏻💪🏻||||Many facilitators! Ideal location of the hotel. The location, like most resorts nearby, is a bit out of the way and the streets around it are not suitable for leisurely strolls. Location, service, rooms, excellent food, buffet and menu optimal. Our villa (number 5035) has a great location for the pool and the sun. Comment: We loved it, the magnificent mature garden, the exquisite meals with the option to eat Turkish, Mexican and Chinese specialties in wonderful locations. The food looks very varied and tasty from a distance. Comment: We went on vacation to this wonderful hotel with children (our children are of different ages), we are young parents, so we considered two territories that you can use at the highest level, these are the Green Palace Hotel nearby - there are many fun, … 12. The location, like most resorts nearby, is a bit out of the way and the streets around it are not suitable for leisurely strolls. The cabanas on the beach are very cozy and big, there is a cafe and bar nearby. Comment: The place is beautiful, the sea is nearby, close to the airport, high quality service. Comment: A wonderful hotel with a large area and several restaurants that offer a variety of dishes for every taste. Comment: The hotel area is divided into two parts, Green palace and Residence. We were in the Residence area. The whole area is beautiful and well maintained. |What we didn't like about the Residense area was the food.|- The pool service only worked sometimes. Beautifully manicured area in Balinese style, delicious food and a beautiful beach, where you can always calmly find a sunbed, unlike other places. Comment: Everything is very good, the service and food are very successful, the sea is warm, the area where the villas are located is clean, it is enough to have a buggy service and the waiters and cooks do their best in terms of hygiene. We stayed in a luxury lake villa and the 4 bedrooms and living areas were very spacious for us and our two young boys and elderly parents. Comment: A 5-star hotel with incomparable style and fantastic infrastructure!||If you are looking for the ultimate feel-good atmosphere and relaxation factor, you are in good hands at IC Residence.||The concept of having your own autonomous area of ​​… 54. It has a very large area and the number of guests in that area is very small. Total on an area of ​​70,000 square meters. The area is beautiful, green and large enough for walking. It is a shame that the internal Haman and wellness area is currently under renovation. The option of visiting the wellness area in IC Green Palace is not an option for us. Areas of development: *The villa was missing some room items that are usually there at this level of accommodation and we had to ask for them, like cotton buds, toothbrush. The food in the separate restaurant area of ​​the residence was fantastic, a la carte in the morning to lunch in the evening, the service was excellent, hygiene and security measures were excellent. The season was almost over, so the hotel was tidy and relatively empty; There is a large area for children to play, and even care for the smallest children up to three years old. The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. I would like to highlight the following staff: Abdurahma (I think he was there for all the guests) Ömer (was always at the bar in the evening) Ufuk (always fresh cocktails at the beach bar every day) Mehmet (had control over everything in the beach area) Mustafa and Abdurahman were super friendly every night for dinner! 01 Huge green area. There are several different rates for eating at on-site restaurants, some inside the main dining area, some outside. A five minute walk to the beach with a path through a very pleasant undeveloped area with trees and grass. Musa from here He was visible at every meal, at the bar, in short, at every moment, a person can only own a place where he has worked so much :) Also, the chef at the beach area is very nice. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. + Private airport transfer Villa-style buildings Very spacious and green area Spacious beach + good beach bar - Only one (a la carte) restaurant No entertainment A bit old 113. The spa area is also recommended. Great green area, very well maintained! Comment: Service, picturesque surrounding areas, many swimming pools, Show, excellent fusion cuisine. It's the perfect place to relax, and the only hard part is adjusting to life after the holidays! Comment: A great place for an intimate holiday! Beautifully manicured area in Balinese style, delicious food and a beautiful beach, where you can always calmly find a sunbed, unlike other places. A very relaxing holiday in the villas, if you want privacy then this is the place for… 13. We love the place, gardens, pools, beach, entertainment, but best of all, all the people who work there hard and always kind, very friendly. Lovely spacious Lake Villa with 2 bathrooms (tip: replace the bathtub with a walk-in shower). Comment: A great place to relax with the family. |Tip: |Place the fruit and the yogurt... Comment: Great place. The peace and quiet that you don't find in 'normal' all-inclusive places, and a wonderfully helpful, kind and sweet staff!!! Yorum: This is the first place I stayed with my family and we were very satisfied with your hotel. What a wonderful place to do with children. We stayed in the Lake Deluxe room type, everything in the room is sufficient to meet all your needs, but the design of the room could be a little better Although it has been recently restored, it makes you feel like you are staying in an old place. I was hoping a place like this would hire more competent bartenders. Our bathtub was broken, the faucet on the sink was not properly installed, and the veneer on the facilities was chipped in many places. The parasols have just been replaced. Yorum: One of the best places I stayed during my travels, I recommend it for families. Residence Beach is a relaxing place with lower crowds and finer services. Comment: Great place. Comment: The place is beautiful, the sea is nearby, close to the airport, high quality service. Musa from here He was visible at every meal, at the bar, in short, at every moment, a person can only own a place where he has worked so much :) Also, the chef at the beach area is very nice. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. If you want relaxation, this is the place to go. Comment: Excellent place, excellent attitude, high quality food, VIP service 139. Yorum: Quiet and green, one of the good places I visited in Antalya to relax and eat good food. Comment: A beautiful place to relax and a luxurious atmosphere. Comment: Great place. Comment: Nice quiet place 179.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 9.6
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 81
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Comment: We had the best stay with good service 😃😃😃||||The food is good, very child-friendly! Yorum: An excellent hotel for a family holiday.|We stayed in the lakeside villa, the villa was very comfortable, spacious rooms, 2 bathrooms, comfortable terraces by the pool. Yorum: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint!||This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix of fun for the kids and … 11. | It is always difficult to find accommodation for our family of 5. Comment: We had the best family holiday in the IC home. The whole family had the best time. Comment: We relax in this hotel room 5015 with the whole family and 2 children. Comment: We enjoyed 10 days with our family at this great resort. Comment: Went to Ic Residence for the second time with our family for 13 days. Comment: A great place to relax with the family. Comment: IC Residency provided the perfect setting for our unforgettable family vacation. The food options were delightful and everyone seemed genuinely dedicated to making sure our whole family had a wonderful time. The on-site water park and kids club were a big hit with my family, providing endless hours of entertainment. Yorum: Hello everyone, thanks to the FB family, but especially for the snack a la carte, Mr. Yorum: It was very quiet and peaceful family time. The Vandeperre-Helsen family. Comment: We stayed with our family in a Lake Villa in July 2023 in the IC Residence section. Yorum: This is the first place I stayed with my family and we were very satisfied with your hotel. Comment: IC residence is a hotel we have preferred as a family for around ten years. Family Vandeperre - Meulemans Rom 5002 11.-18.05.2023 56. Comment: Just back from a family vacation and felt the need to write a review. Our family traveling with us had a beautiful view over a staircase and also no direct access to the pool. At least on the fourth day of the holiday we managed to get at least the family we were traveling with to get a slightly better room (not a villa) with direct access to the pool. Comment: We have just spent a week as a family (4 people) from 03/04 to 10/04. Yorum: In my opinion, IC Residence Hotel is the best hotel in Turkey that my family, friends and I stayed at. Comment: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint! Comment: A very good family stay. in short everything was great from day 1 to 15 us, a family of 5, brilliant.||||We were so excited about IC Hotel and have also booked for 2022.||||Thanks again for the great days. Thank you to the IC Hotel Residence 103 family. Two bedrooms and a small family room. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. Comment: Very nice all-inclusive resort, and great for family holidays! Yorum: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint!||This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix of fun for the kids and … 11. The pools and slides were great fun and there are loads of activities for the kids. The on-site water park and kids club were a big hit with my family, providing endless hours of entertainment. What makes this hotel outstanding and somewhat unique in Antalya is that all activities and entertainment, water park, kids club, evening entertainment are next door at Green Palace, but you can then return to the sanctuary of the residence. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. The kids didn't have enough of the amusement park, but I hope this will work out. Very special thanks to the team for the extra Pringles for our chip eating monster kids and also for the daily towel made figures on their bed. The kids loved the facilities at IC Green Palace next to IC Residence! This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix between fun for the kids and relaxation for the adults and I'm glad to know we made the right choice! As a guest at the Residence we also had access to the IC Green Palace and this was great for us as it allowed the kids to enjoy all the facilities such as the water park, beach, snack bars as well as kids clubs and evening theater performances (which by the way is hugely underrated!) . Yorum: Great hotel, great staff, the kids flew away |. The on-site water park and kids club were a big hit with my family, providing endless hours of entertainment. What makes this hotel outstanding and somewhat unique in Antalya is that all activities and entertainment, water park, kids club, evening entertainment are next door at Green Palace, but you can then return to the sanctuary of the residence. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. As a guest at the Residence we also had access to the IC Green Palace and this was great for us as it allowed the kids to enjoy all the facilities such as the water park, beach, snack bars as well as kids clubs and evening theater performances (which by the way is hugely underrated!) . Comment: We went on vacation to this wonderful hotel with children (our children are of different ages), we are young parents, so we considered two territories that you can use at the highest level, these are the Green Palace Hotel nearby - there are many fun, … 12. We are traveling with 2 families with children (ages 7 and 10). The food was brilliant and the children enjoyed helping themselves to the ice creams. Comment: We relax in this hotel room 5015 with the whole family and 2 children. Comment: Perfect hotel to come with children. It is very practical with small children. Big thanks for the prams, with small children in hot times it was a big help! Comment: The holiday with the two small children was great all around: very warm welcome with champagne and non-alcoholic cocktail for the 3 year old, beautiful room with enough space for prams, sand toys etc. There is everything the children want. The main restaurant is great, good service and they make extra dishes for the grandchildren. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for those with children who want a holiday that feels calm and peaceful but also has facilities to entertain the little ones. Comment: A beautiful hotel complex ideal for children and families. The service to order food to your room is very convenient (especially in the morning, when the parents are sleeping and the children want breakfast) and free))! What a wonderful place to do with children. The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. There is a large selection of delicious food and drink for both children and adults. I do not recommend choosing a beach villa room category for families with children and those who like to go to bed early 64. Comment: We stayed at the complex with two families (four adults and four small children) for eight days. In addition, it was our express wish that our families (because of the small children) get these villas right next to each other. evening entertainment is nice and the water park for children is nice. The hotel complex is great for couples without children or for a holiday with friends. All very nice young couples, some with small children. There are great pools for children at IC Green Palace. *Pleasant children's club activities and entertainment facilities. The season was almost over, so the hotel was tidy and relatively empty; There is a large area for children to play, and even care for the smallest children up to three years old. The room layout is quite good in the Lake Villas, but the wardrobe layout in the so-called children's room is terribly poorly arranged. You are really well looked after and considering we had loud young children we were not once made to feel uncomfortable as they were very friendly and considerate of them too. There is always something to do with children, many activities, performances and competitions. Lots of imported drinks are included (you rarely see that in summer, but here in winter) Variety in food (always a selection of meat, fish, etc.) Children's menu and table incl. Heated pool + for children. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. Comment: Great resort for children and parents with a water park dedicated to all ages from 3 months to 16 years. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |.

Rating for Beach: 9.1
Total number of comments for Beach: 72
All results text for Beach: Beautifully manicured area in Balinese style, delicious food and a beautiful beach, where you can always calmly find a sunbed, unlike other places. The pool is large and clean, the beach bar always has something good to eat, the restaurant is quiet, well stocked... We have been looking for a long time for where to go;|- near the airport|- first line with sandy beach |- ultra all inclusive |- water park... IC Residence has its own restaurant and beach, making your stay even more comfortable. We love the place, gardens, pools, beach, entertainment, but best of all, all the people who work there hard and always kind, very friendly. We tried different hotels, this is definitely at the top.|Excellent food, great service, beach. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. The staff, from the restaurants to the beach hut, went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and comfortable. Many bars and cafes are scattered around the beach and pools with a variety of options to supply you with water, fresh juice and ice cream. The food and beverage offering is very good, with à la carte breakfast, lunch and dinner plus a buffet option in the main restaurant as well as a private beach bar. The beach is cozy and nice, clean and interesting for babies. There is a beautiful beach at the resort, and the restaurants at both the Residence and Green Palace are fantastic. cleanest and most spacious beach! overall - a rare combination of a beach and a boutique hotel. We had lunch at the beach restaurant. The ones we remember best are the restaurant and beach guys Merve and Nihat, whose warm approach makes guests feel very welcome. The property has access to a private beach bar that serves food and drink, we made good use of this facility and the service was excellent here. The beach is a bit far away, if you wish, you can call a buggy and go. The beach is mixed with pebbles and sand, the sea is shallow, the edges are pebbles, but the inside of the sea is pure sand and it is very beautiful. Since there are not many guests, there is no one around, it is like a private beach for you. Unfortunately, a bartender or waiter I came across at the beach bar (I saw him later while serving food) couldn't make me one of them. IC RESIDENCE IS SEPARATE FROM ic Green Lakevilla, Beach Villa for 4 people, Bali Deluxe Villa for 5 people. The beach is sandy, wide, with a gradual increase in depth, the water is clean, fish swim, the beach is constantly cleaned. The cabanas on the beach are very cozy and big, there is a cafe and bar nearby. On arrival we were greeted very well, the room was very nice, with a beautiful view, this is a beach villa room category. I do not recommend choosing a beach villa room category for families with children and those who like to go to bed early 64. The beach part is separate from the Green Palace and is always clean. The service provided was very good, from room cleaning to beach services. The same applies to the luxurious beach bar. Residence Beach is a relaxing place with lower crowds and finer services. *Since the beach is far from the lakeside villas, several carts are needed to transfer guests. Unfortunately the beach was still under construction which was a shame. As a guest at the Residence we also had access to the IC Green Palace and this was great for us as it allowed the kids to enjoy all the facilities such as the water park, beach, snack bars as well as kids clubs and evening theater performances (which by the way is hugely underrated!) . I would like to highlight the following staff: Abdurahma (I think he was there for all the guests) Ömer (was always at the bar in the evening) Ufuk (always fresh cocktails at the beach bar every day) Mehmet (had control over everything in the beach area) Mustafa and Abdurahman were super friendly every night for dinner! The private swimming pool of the residences is amazing as well as the private beach ❤️❤️❤️ I will come back next year with pleasure.. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. The beach is a short walk through the property and we will serve with sunbeds. Yorum: IC Hotels Residence, Lara Beach. This booking also gets a cabana on the beach which would otherwise cost 30 euros per day. A five minute walk to the beach with a path through a very pleasant undeveloped area with trees and grass. IC Hotels Residence has its own section of the beach. Sometimes we went to the Burger diner which was a short walk from the beach in the Green Palace section. Private beach and pool dedicated to 16+ for quiet surroundings. Musa from here He was visible at every meal, at the bar, in short, at every moment, a person can only own a place where he has worked so much :) Also, the chef at the beach area is very nice. The hotel's food, rooms, nature, beach, in short, everything is clean and of high quality. :)||With a beach in front of the hotel, with kiosks with thatched roofs. The room decoration is made of only 2 towel hearts, you just need to get the beach towel from the hotel and go. Ömer, who always served us with a smile with his cocktails at the beach bar. + Private airport transfer Villa-style buildings Very spacious and green area Spacious beach + good beach bar - Only one (a la carte) restaurant No entertainment A bit old 113. We would like to thank the waiter Musa, the driver Mustafa and the beach cook Nazmi. Beautiful beach, clear sea. Yorum: I think IC hotel's green palace is very nice where it has too many pools, big beach, good food and traditional Turkish food. We have been looking for a long time for where to go;|- near the airport|- first line with sandy beach |- ultra all inclusive |- water park... Comment: The holiday with the two small children was great all around: very warm welcome with champagne and non-alcoholic cocktail for the 3 year old, beautiful room with enough space for prams, sand toys etc. The amusement park, sand drawings on the playground and the indoor playground were also a success. The beach is mixed with pebbles and sand, the sea is shallow, the edges are pebbles, but the inside of the sea is pure sand and it is very beautiful. The beach is sandy, wide, with a gradual increase in depth, the water is clean, fish swim, the beach is constantly cleaned. Two towels each, but like sandpaper to use. The sand is course-type and full of rocks near the water's edge, so bring shoes. Comment: Everything is very good, the service and food are very successful, the sea is warm, the area where the villas are located is clean, it is enough to have a buggy service and the waiters and cooks do their best in terms of hygiene. See you again next year The food is great, the variety is great, the sea is fantastic. We loved the main restaurant IC Residence, in high season it is a must - quiet relaxing, never crowded, great service and menu. The beach is mixed with pebbles and sand, the sea is shallow, the edges are pebbles, but the inside of the sea is pure sand and it is very beautiful. I would like to note the excellent work of the staff of the seaside bar Omer - super professional, always with a smile even in the hellish heat, Alena, Tamila, chef Mehmet and colleagues - provide the highest level of service, thank you very much! there are 43 villas - even in the high season the territory is not crowded, the right level of silence is ensured, it is great that the animation is located on the territory of IC Green Palace, if you need activities, everything is there, and the Residence is quiet and calm. I recommend it to those who are tired of the noise of the big city and want greenery, sea and silence 63. The pools and sea were very clean and refreshing. In July it is high season and the hotel seems to be booked early from Russia; as initially I wanted a villa with a private pool, but all were booked. The season was almost over, so the hotel was tidy and relatively empty; There is a large area for children to play, and even care for the smallest children up to three years old. The staff are also very friendly and attentive and the service is so seamless at times you don't even notice. Comment: The place is beautiful, the sea is nearby, close to the airport, high quality service. Beautiful beach, clear sea.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 9.4
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 67
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: An excellent hotel for a family holiday.|We stayed in the lakeside villa, the villa was very comfortable, spacious rooms, 2 bathrooms, comfortable terraces by the pool. Yorum: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint!||This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix of fun for the kids and … 11. | It is always difficult to find accommodation for our family of 5. Comment: We had the best family holiday in the IC home. The whole family had the best time. Comment: We relax in this hotel room 5015 with the whole family and 2 children. Comment: We enjoyed 10 days with our family at this great resort. Comment: Went to Ic Residence for the second time with our family for 13 days. Comment: A great place to relax with the family. Comment: IC Residency provided the perfect setting for our unforgettable family vacation. The food options were delightful and everyone seemed genuinely dedicated to making sure our whole family had a wonderful time. The on-site water park and kids club were a big hit with my family, providing endless hours of entertainment. Yorum: Hello everyone, thanks to the FB family, but especially for the snack a la carte, Mr. Yorum: It was very quiet and peaceful family time. The Vandeperre-Helsen family. Comment: We stayed with our family in a Lake Villa in July 2023 in the IC Residence section. Yorum: This is the first place I stayed with my family and we were very satisfied with your hotel. Comment: IC residence is a hotel we have preferred as a family for around ten years. Family Vandeperre - Meulemans Rom 5002 11.-18.05.2023 56. Comment: Just back from a family vacation and felt the need to write a review. Our family traveling with us had a beautiful view over a staircase and also no direct access to the pool. At least on the fourth day of the holiday we managed to get at least the family we were traveling with to get a slightly better room (not a villa) with direct access to the pool. Comment: We have just spent a week as a family (4 people) from 03/04 to 10/04. Yorum: In my opinion, IC Residence Hotel is the best hotel in Turkey that my family, friends and I stayed at. Comment: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint! Comment: A very good family stay. in short everything was great from day 1 to 15 us, a family of 5, brilliant.||||We were so excited about IC Hotel and have also booked for 2022.||||Thanks again for the great days. Thank you to the IC Hotel Residence 103 family. Two bedrooms and a small family room. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. Comment: Very nice all-inclusive resort, and great for family holidays! Special thanks for preparing some extra dishes from the menu for the baby. Comment: Not suitable for baby 177. Comment: We went on vacation to this wonderful hotel with children (our children are of different ages), we are young parents, so we considered two territories that you can use at the highest level, these are the Green Palace Hotel nearby - there are many fun, … 12. We are traveling with 2 families with children (ages 7 and 10). The food was brilliant and the children enjoyed helping themselves to the ice creams. Comment: We relax in this hotel room 5015 with the whole family and 2 children. Comment: Perfect hotel to come with children. It is very practical with small children. Big thanks for the prams, with small children in hot times it was a big help! Comment: The holiday with the two small children was great all around: very warm welcome with champagne and non-alcoholic cocktail for the 3 year old, beautiful room with enough space for prams, sand toys etc. There is everything the children want. The main restaurant is great, good service and they make extra dishes for the grandchildren. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for those with children who want a holiday that feels calm and peaceful but also has facilities to entertain the little ones. Comment: A beautiful hotel complex ideal for children and families. The service to order food to your room is very convenient (especially in the morning, when the parents are sleeping and the children want breakfast) and free))! What a wonderful place to do with children. The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. There is a large selection of delicious food and drink for both children and adults. I do not recommend choosing a beach villa room category for families with children and those who like to go to bed early 64. Comment: We stayed at the complex with two families (four adults and four small children) for eight days. In addition, it was our express wish that our families (because of the small children) get these villas right next to each other. evening entertainment is nice and the water park for children is nice. The hotel complex is great for couples without children or for a holiday with friends. All very nice young couples, some with small children. There are great pools for children at IC Green Palace. *Pleasant children's club activities and entertainment facilities. The season was almost over, so the hotel was tidy and relatively empty; There is a large area for children to play, and even care for the smallest children up to three years old. The room layout is quite good in the Lake Villas, but the wardrobe layout in the so-called children's room is terribly poorly arranged. You are really well looked after and considering we had loud young children we were not once made to feel uncomfortable as they were very friendly and considerate of them too. There is always something to do with children, many activities, performances and competitions. Lots of imported drinks are included (you rarely see that in summer, but here in winter) Variety in food (always a selection of meat, fish, etc.) Children's menu and table incl. Heated pool + for children. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. Comment: Great resort for children and parents with a water park dedicated to all ages from 3 months to 16 years. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 9.2
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 50
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Cleanliness and service were excellent. |As someone who is obsessed with cleanliness, I couldn't find a single point to complain about. Cleanliness also leaves a lot to be desired (at least in the bathrooms). Above all, the staff and the cleanliness of the villas and the whole complex are perfect. Comment: Everything is very good, the service and food are very successful, the sea is warm, the area where the villas are located is clean, it is enough to have a buggy service and the waiters and cooks do their best in terms of hygiene. The food in the separate restaurant area of ​​the residence was fantastic, a la carte in the morning to lunch in the evening, the service was excellent, hygiene and security measures were excellent. High quality daily cleaning! Comment: very nice facility, clean and tidy. The pool is large and clean, the beach bar always has something good to eat, the restaurant is quiet, well stocked... Every day I clean … 10. In general, there are no complaints about the hotel: clean, friendly and helpful staff, delicious food. Flowers everywhere, clean surroundings. Attention from the staff and assistants Marina and Ekaterina, who are in contact every day.||Various food.|Room cleaning is of high quality and timely. Of the minuses: not the best room cleaning. Comment: Everything is very good, the service and food are very successful, the sea is warm, the area where the villas are located is clean, it is enough to have a buggy service and the waiters and cooks do their best in terms of hygiene. The beach is cozy and nice, clean and interesting for babies. Everything was fantastic, service, food experiences, the cleaning ladies and the private airport transfer are a nice way to start the holiday, and that is why we are traveling back in April. Cleanliness and service were excellent. Nice rooms with private pool with pool terrace and good cleaning every day and well-stocked minibar. |As someone who is obsessed with cleanliness, I couldn't find a single point to complain about. delicious, cozy, clean, beautiful and most importantly, helpful and polite staff. cleanest and most spacious beach! Cleaning is always done efficiently and at an appropriate time. The general facility of the hotel is very clean and neat, the rooms are spacious and very comfortable. Excellent room cleaning - without any extra requests, the girls noticed our schedule and cleaned exactly in the time interval we needed, very carefully. The beach is sandy, wide, with a gradual increase in depth, the water is clean, fish swim, the beach is constantly cleaned. Cleaning is good, laundry, room service included. Cleanliness also leaves a lot to be desired (at least in the bathrooms). The beach part is separate from the Green Palace and is always clean. The service provided was very good, from room cleaning to beach services. Comment: Simply great, I could not complain at any point, the food was very tasty, the luxury rooms were very clean and had a very good smell. The pools and sea were very clean and refreshing. But everything is very clean and practically furnished. Everything very clean! Every day she came to make everything nice and clean. Above all, the staff and the cleanliness of the villas and the whole complex are perfect. The facility is extremely beautiful and clean. Everything is clean, there is constant cleaning! Impeccable service, very clean room. There was poor cleaning before our arrival, the walls of the bathroom were dirty and the floors were sticky. This is easy to clean up in No it is not!! Any minor issues were very sorted and all the staff are very welcoming and efficient and everywhere is kept tidy and very clean. The hotel's food, rooms, nature, beach, in short, everything is clean and of high quality. cleaning from security personnel. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. Clean and quiet. Comment: Very clean, well maintained hotel. The hotel is very clean Follow the instructions for COVID-19 Amazing staff 130. Cleaning every day, fruit and wine are also served in the room. Always cleaned well.

Rating for Honeymoon: 9.1
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 27
All results text for Honeymoon: Comment: The honeymoon concept is weak and you are treated like a regular customer. We stayed in a Bali Junior villa with private pool. |Private transportation to and from the airport.|The lakeside villa is great! A private restaurant, pools, attentive waiters, lots of greenery. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. The food and beverage offering is very good, with à la carte breakfast, lunch and dinner plus a buffet option in the main restaurant as well as a private beach bar. Everything was fantastic, service, food experiences, the cleaning ladies and the private airport transfer are a nice way to start the holiday, and that is why we are traveling back in April. Nice rooms with private pool with pool terrace and good cleaning every day and well-stocked minibar. The included private airport transfer was the extra to make the holiday a truly perfect holiday. We stayed in the 4 bedroom villa, the villa itself was a good size to accommodate but please note that one of the bedrooms does not have a private bathroom and it is not a shared bathroom so if you are traveling as a group some will not have a bathroom to use. The property has access to a private beach bar that serves food and drink, we made good use of this facility and the service was excellent here. Since there are not many guests, there is no one around, it is like a private beach for you. Our travel agent was to book 2 villas with a private shuttle from the airport and all the bells and whistles (cabanas, all inclusive plus, etc.). The private villa is a great retreat and very quiet. Everyone who books IC Residence also has private transport from the airport included. Surprise: we are met at the exit of the airport by a driver who takes us to the residences in a private shuttle bus (van type limousine). Comment: Lovely apartment with lovely (private) swimming pool and good food!! In July it is high season and the hotel seems to be booked early from Russia; as initially I wanted a villa with a private pool, but all were booked. Even private transportation to the airport and hotel is included. We booked 6 nights at the residence, as soon as we arrived we were upgraded to a perfect villa with a private pool. The private swimming pool of the residences is amazing as well as the private beach ❤️❤️❤️ I will come back next year with pleasure.. The Fendi villa we live in is pure luxury with 3 double bedrooms, living room, diving room, kitchen and tap, all wrapped around our own completely private pool and garden. Private transfer provided by the hotel waiting to pick us up from Antalya airport. Bali Deluxe Villa, two bedrooms, spacious with private pool (approx. Private beach and pool dedicated to 16+ for quiet surroundings. + Private airport transfer Villa-style buildings Very spacious and green area Spacious beach + good beach bar - Only one (a la carte) restaurant No entertainment A bit old 113. Yorum: Luxury villa with private pool and minibar that is refilled more than daily!

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 9.8
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 21
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The spa has a sauna and Turkish bath and offers massages. The spa area is also recommended. It is a shame that the internal Haman and wellness area is currently under renovation. The option of visiting the wellness area in IC Green Palace is not an option for us. excellent spa, massages are not 100 but 95 for sure)). I have booked massages at the Green Palace; it's the same staff, but you immediately pay €20 less, for whatever reason. I paid a bit more than I'm used to (personally I couldn't manage less than €45/h), but the massages are also the best so far, compared to other hotels (tip: Ayu). The spa has a sauna and Turkish bath and offers massages. Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132. The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. The spa has a sauna and Turkish bath and offers massages. Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. Comment: A 5-star hotel with incomparable style and fantastic infrastructure!||If you are looking for the ultimate feel-good atmosphere and relaxation factor, you are in good hands at IC Residence.||The concept of having your own autonomous area of ​​… 54. This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix between fun for the kids and relaxation for the adults and I'm glad to know we made the right choice! The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. The concept provides real relaxation. If you want relaxation, this is the place to go. The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. Very stylish hammam. Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 10.0
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 11
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. Comment: A 5-star hotel with incomparable style and fantastic infrastructure!||If you are looking for the ultimate feel-good atmosphere and relaxation factor, you are in good hands at IC Residence.||The concept of having your own autonomous area of ​​… 54. This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix between fun for the kids and relaxation for the adults and I'm glad to know we made the right choice! The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. The concept provides real relaxation. If you want relaxation, this is the place to go. Beautifully manicured area in Balinese style, delicious food and a beautiful beach, where you can always calmly find a sunbed, unlike other places. The minibar is refilled.|The rest is measured and calm. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for those with children who want a holiday that feels calm and peaceful but also has facilities to entertain the little ones. Yorum: For the first time in my life, a holiday was calm, quiet and peaceful. there are 43 villas - even in the high season the territory is not crowded, the right level of silence is ensured, it is great that the animation is located on the territory of IC Green Palace, if you need activities, everything is there, and the Residence is quiet and calm.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 10.0
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 8
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: The hotel complex is great for couples without children or for a holiday with friends. All very nice young couples, some with small children. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. Comment: A 5-star hotel with incomparable style and fantastic infrastructure!||If you are looking for the ultimate feel-good atmosphere and relaxation factor, you are in good hands at IC Residence.||The concept of having your own autonomous area of ​​… 54. This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix between fun for the kids and relaxation for the adults and I'm glad to know we made the right choice! The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. The concept provides real relaxation. If you want relaxation, this is the place to go.

Rating for Party Experience: 8.7
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 4
All results text for Party Experience: 🙏🙏🙏 The territory is green, big enough, well organized, no sound of loud music with closed windows. Very peaceful and with live background music. Main restaurant: high-quality work of chefs and waiters, live music, discreet, stylish interior, beautiful chandeliers create an excellent atmosphere. It's the perfect place to relax, and the only hard part is adjusting to life after the holidays!

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 10.0
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 4
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: Main restaurant: high-quality work of chefs and waiters, live music, discreet, stylish interior, beautiful chandeliers create an excellent atmosphere. *Selection of theater performances every evening. As a guest at the Residence we also had access to the IC Green Palace and this was great for us as it allowed the kids to enjoy all the facilities such as the water park, beach, snack bars as well as kids clubs and evening theater performances (which by the way is hugely underrated!) . There is always something to do with children, many activities, performances and competitions.

Rating for Special Menu: 10.0
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 3
All results text for Special Menu: They go the extra mile, like preparing special meals if you ask. It's lovely to have A la Carte, specialty and buffet service for all meals, so with a huge selection of delicious food and wonderfully designed facilities, we'll never tire of all there is to enjoy here! Comment: We loved it, the magnificent mature garden, the exquisite meals with the option to eat Turkish, Mexican and Chinese specialties in wonderful locations.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 6.5
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 2
All results text for Sports Facilities: It is a shame that the internal Haman and wellness area is currently under renovation. The option of visiting the wellness area in IC Green Palace is not an option for us.

Rating for Diving: 10.0
Total number of comments for Diving: 1
All results text for Diving: The Fendi villa we live in is pure luxury with 3 double bedrooms, living room, diving room, kitchen and tap, all wrapped around our own completely private pool and garden.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 7.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 1
All results text for Children's Pool Area: The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least.

