Otel İsmi: Kremlin Palace

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Spor Alanları', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 8.6
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 124
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Very nice hotel, very welcoming staff. Yorum: The hotel itself is good despite the fact that the opening hours for the aquatic area (slides) are really restrictive 10am-12pm and 2pm-4pm.|The real downside of this hotel is clearly the staff who are rude, not helpful at all… 6. I highly recommend this hotel, its staff, its location, its climate, its meals and its logistics. A warm welcome and service from all the staff, especially Naz Sarivaz who was always attentive to our needs, even though it was difficult for them in the heat. The staff are friendly and smiling. The staff is friendly, the hotel is very, very clean!! However, the reception staff and employees are unpleasant. We fled this hotel, the rooms are old, the staff not at all smiling! Yorum: A great hotel, everything is perfect, there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, the hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is magnificent, especially Anastasia. Very welcoming and attentive staff. The staff is very attentive, there is a lot of entertainment 🤩🤩 The food is very varied in 15 days I have never eaten the same thing There is a giant kids club I have never seen that!!! -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. perfect there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, apart from the person who was at the reception of the spa, the bald gentleman, he did not want to tell me where to find the gym. - most of the staff are not very friendly, we don't dare ask them for anything. - a lot of food waste from customers and the hotel staff or management do not comment on it, even though sometimes they do not even touch their plates, they only fill them up to take pictures. Positive points: clean private beach, welcoming, caring and smiling staff despite the savages who stay there (the Russians) 28. Yorum: Currently at the hotel Food not great always the same room not great that smells like sewers staff not always pleasant otherwise the exteriors are sublime unheated swimming pool difficult to swim hotel not for the French entertainment ok But I do not recommend it 2900€ for 4 people including a 13 year old child Italian restaurant served at the lance worse and not great. Staff very attentive. The staff are kind and attentive. the cleaning is really good, the staff members speak English and Turkish, it is really beautiful at night but there are better hotels in Antalya 40. very welcoming staff.. Yorum: A very warm welcome, staff attentive to their customers, a very good atmosphere, varied activities for all tastes, I highly recommend the hotel, one of the best in Antalya 43. The rooms and food are ok, as are the staff. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, facing the sea, the atmosphere is great, the staff is super welcoming, the best!! Rooms to be redone, moldy bathrooms, food for dogs or Russians and staff overall very negative, lack of smiles. Year: Omer Ceylan Suleyman Kutlu Ismail Olmez Vildan Bulut Italian Restaurant Calisanlari Very pleasant and warm staff, the service is impeccable, very good meal. Yorum: Very good hotel, very good service Very clean, friendly staff Varied buffet and top Italian and Mexican restaurant 56. Yorum: Hotel nickel hotel staff o TOP impeccable cleanliness but when it comes to going out you have to ask for a taxi at reception and there the whole network is set up do not leave the hotel real crooks taxi restaurant guy from the hotel reception pfff 57. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, nothing to say, the staff is great, the cuisine is varied, different buffets, just in terms of cleaning the rooms it's not perfect 59. Yorum: Great hotel, I recommend it, the staff is always attentive and the entertainment is great. As for the level of staff, smiles and friendliness are not known. Otherwise the staff is very nice. Yorum: Miniclub children very nice place for children with lots of colors and decorations suitable for children as well as staff. Yorum: Great family hotel, Clean, Top staff, I recommend 77. Very friendly staff 👍🏽✅ … 82. Yorum: Everything was beautiful, well organized, clean, helpful staff. Yorum: Beautiful place, very friendly staff. Competent and friendly staff. The SPA staff are very friendly and helpful. The food choices were very good and the staff couldn't have been more helpful in making you feel welcome. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful from the moment you walk in, you are greeted and given lots of information and assistance from a wonderful staff. Yorum: The Kremlin Palace is a wonderful hotel with polite staff. The staff is very friendly. -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. Yorum: Very good hotel, very good service Very clean, friendly staff Varied buffet and top Italian and Mexican restaurant 56. Very friendly staff 👍🏽✅ … 82. Yorum: Beautiful place, very friendly staff. Competent and friendly staff. Yorum: The hotel itself is good despite the fact that the opening hours for the aquatic area (slides) are really restrictive 10am-12pm and 2pm-4pm.|The real downside of this hotel is clearly the staff who are rude, not helpful at all… 6. Very helpful and friendly 9. Yorum: A great hotel, everything is perfect, there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, the hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is magnificent, especially Anastasia. perfect there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, apart from the person who was at the reception of the spa, the bald gentleman, he did not want to tell me where to find the gym. A special best for our server in the pavilions he is very helpful and very kind we rented the pavilions all week and it was magical 26. Yorum: Tarik is very kind and helpful, the meal is super good and filling and forkan was very helpful 50. Ulviye Sunar, very smiling and very helpful 69. Yorum: Everything was beautiful, well organized, clean, helpful staff. The SPA staff are very friendly and helpful. The food choices were very good and the staff couldn't have been more helpful in making you feel welcome. Yorum: Very nice hotel, very welcoming staff. Yorum: The hotel itself is good despite the fact that the opening hours for the aquatic area (slides) are really restrictive 10am-12pm and 2pm-4pm.|The real downside of this hotel is clearly the staff who are rude, not helpful at all… 6. I highly recommend this hotel, its staff, its location, its climate, its meals and its logistics. A warm welcome and service from all the staff, especially Naz Sarivaz who was always attentive to our needs, even though it was difficult for them in the heat. The staff are friendly and smiling. The staff is friendly, the hotel is very, very clean!! However, the reception staff and employees are unpleasant. We fled this hotel, the rooms are old, the staff not at all smiling! Yorum: A great hotel, everything is perfect, there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, the hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is magnificent, especially Anastasia. Very welcoming and attentive staff. The staff is very attentive, there is a lot of entertainment 🤩🤩 The food is very varied in 15 days I have never eaten the same thing There is a giant kids club I have never seen that!!! -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. perfect there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, apart from the person who was at the reception of the spa, the bald gentleman, he did not want to tell me where to find the gym. - most of the staff are not very friendly, we don't dare ask them for anything. - a lot of food waste from customers and the hotel staff or management do not comment on it, even though sometimes they do not even touch their plates, they only fill them up to take pictures. Positive points: clean private beach, welcoming, caring and smiling staff despite the savages who stay there (the Russians) 28. Yorum: Currently at the hotel Food not great always the same room not great that smells like sewers staff not always pleasant otherwise the exteriors are sublime unheated swimming pool difficult to swim hotel not for the French entertainment ok But I do not recommend it 2900€ for 4 people including a 13 year old child Italian restaurant served at the lance worse and not great. Staff very attentive. The staff are kind and attentive. the cleaning is really good, the staff members speak English and Turkish, it is really beautiful at night but there are better hotels in Antalya 40. very welcoming staff.. Yorum: A very warm welcome, staff attentive to their customers, a very good atmosphere, varied activities for all tastes, I highly recommend the hotel, one of the best in Antalya 43. The rooms and food are ok, as are the staff. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, facing the sea, the atmosphere is great, the staff is super welcoming, the best!! Rooms to be redone, moldy bathrooms, food for dogs or Russians and staff overall very negative, lack of smiles. Year: Omer Ceylan Suleyman Kutlu Ismail Olmez Vildan Bulut Italian Restaurant Calisanlari Very pleasant and warm staff, the service is impeccable, very good meal. Yorum: Very good hotel, very good service Very clean, friendly staff Varied buffet and top Italian and Mexican restaurant 56. Yorum: Hotel nickel hotel staff o TOP impeccable cleanliness but when it comes to going out you have to ask for a taxi at reception and there the whole network is set up do not leave the hotel real crooks taxi restaurant guy from the hotel reception pfff 57. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, nothing to say, the staff is great, the cuisine is varied, different buffets, just in terms of cleaning the rooms it's not perfect 59. Yorum: Great hotel, I recommend it, the staff is always attentive and the entertainment is great. As for the level of staff, smiles and friendliness are not known. Otherwise the staff is very nice. Yorum: Miniclub children very nice place for children with lots of colors and decorations suitable for children as well as staff. Yorum: Great family hotel, Clean, Top staff, I recommend 77. Very friendly staff 👍🏽✅ … 82. Yorum: Everything was beautiful, well organized, clean, helpful staff. Yorum: Beautiful place, very friendly staff. Competent and friendly staff. The SPA staff are very friendly and helpful. The food choices were very good and the staff couldn't have been more helpful in making you feel welcome. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful from the moment you walk in, you are greeted and given lots of information and assistance from a wonderful staff. Yorum: The Kremlin Palace is a wonderful hotel with polite staff. The staff is very friendly. There are two nights |We are delighted with the atmosphere on the site |I will say 10/10 for|-Mini club|-Catering especially the cakes.|-impeccable cleanliness.|-the service at the reception and in … 3. Yorum: The catering service was excellent, especially from Mr. A warm welcome and service from all the staff, especially Naz Sarivaz who was always attentive to our needs, even though it was difficult for them in the heat. In terms of catering, I haven't eaten the same thing for a single day and everything is very good🤤 We went to several restaurants and the Italian restaurant was delicious, impeccable service, really attentive and smiling. Very rich catering service. Additionally, we found the service in the a la carte restaurant to be average. The dry cleaning service with washing machine, I thought I was hallucinating the prices: 1 t-shirt 3.50 euros to wash it. The price-quality ratio is good, the service is impeccable, particularly during meals. Many thanks to Yesim Akca and Sidar Sincar, as well as Muhammed Calisir (for the service during the meal at the Mexican restaurant). I recommend this hotel to any traveler looking for good service. In terms of service, regarding the swimming pool, slides, activities, shows, different bars and restaurants, we are definitely a 5 star. Yorum: Very nice hotel, we have access to lots of services like ice cream, hamburgers, hot dogs but also watermelons.... Yorum: Very nice hotel and the service is great!! Year: Omer Ceylan Suleyman Kutlu Ismail Olmez Vildan Bulut Italian Restaurant Calisanlari Very pleasant and warm staff, the service is impeccable, very good meal. Yorum: Very good hotel, very good service Very clean, friendly staff Varied buffet and top Italian and Mexican restaurant 56. Year: Marina restaurant great restaurant, top service. Yorum: Horrible stay, I was there 1 week ago the worst vacation of my life, I strongly advise against this mediocre hotel zero service, the restaurant inedible always the same thing the rooms stink of humidity very old, dirty carpet even the cleaning service is mediocre, my son had food poisoning due to their restaurant not even a doctor in the hotel, do not go there it is not even worth a 2 star No entertainment or atmosphere hotel at the end of its life it is a disgrace such a hotel !!!!!!!!!!! Yorum: We thank the Asteria team for all the service and I had a good day in this very good hotel. Yorum: Very good Mexican restaurant Thanks to Idris for his service and his smile I recommend 78. Yorum: Marina and Italian Alakarte, the service is really perfect, nothing to say 87. Year: Ismail Olmez and chef Vildan Bulut very good service 93. The service is … 126. Yorum: The quality of service was good.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 5.8
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 46
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Aqua park Games room. Yorum: The hotel itself is good despite the fact that the opening hours for the aquatic area (slides) are really restrictive 10am-12pm and 2pm-4pm.|The real downside of this hotel is clearly the staff who are rude, not helpful at all… 6. In terms of service, regarding the swimming pool, slides, activities, shows, different bars and restaurants, we are definitely a 5 star. Yorum: This hotel has halal food, very good food, by the way, there are large swimming pools for young and old and some slides, just to say that the slides close early, too bad 4 p.m. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians. Yorum: The +: close to the airport, access and beach and swimming pool facilities are great. The rooms are nice, the hotel is very big, with several swimming pools. Yorum: There is no games room, no billiards, no mini golf etc., I am very disappointed, and the rest is very good the swimming pool is beautiful, the sea and opposite the rooms are good the shows very good, but there is no games room or billiards that is very sad 8. Always the same dish, same meal, at the swimming pool frozen pizza, frozen fries, ... It has several very clean swimming pools. The swimming pool is huge. -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. Very little entertainment, always the same thing, for children nothing special just 1 paddling pool. To get a deckchair around the pool you have to get up at 7am. Yorum: Currently at the hotel Food not great always the same room not great that smells like sewers staff not always pleasant otherwise the exteriors are sublime unheated swimming pool difficult to swim hotel not for the French entertainment ok But I do not recommend it 2900€ for 4 people including a 13 year old child Italian restaurant served at the lance worse and not great. Yorum: -little entertainment, some refuse children altogether -bars open at very unsuitable times, shame -dilapidated rooms (light that doesn't work in the bathrooms, cracks, stairs with paint stains, shower without seal = swimming pool in the bathroom) - we booked a room for 5, when we arrived we found 4 beds so they added 1 bed on the fly which is a shame given the price - entertainment not entertaining or even worthless 34. In terms of service, regarding the swimming pool, slides, activities, shows, different bars and restaurants, we are definitely a 5 star. Yorum: This hotel has halal food, very good food, by the way, there are large swimming pools for young and old and some slides, just to say that the slides close early, too bad 4 p.m. we can no longer swim in the pools, the rooms look big in the photos but small in reality there are cracks in the bathroom etc. the beach is beautiful the swimming pool too only downside the location is very isolated and no wifi in the rooms.. Small bridge over one of the giant pools. Good food, swimming pool and beach at the top 👍 A big thank you to Senay Canbolat and Irina Sosnina who are very friendly and who gave us good advice on what to visit in Antalya. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians. Swimming pool and water park. There are several swimming pools. Yorum: Very nice hotel, we have access to lots of services like ice cream, hamburgers, hot dogs but also watermelons.... Don't forget to visit the waterfalls and the boat tour. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians. Swimming pool and water park. Yorum: The +: close to the airport, access and beach and swimming pool facilities are great. The rooms are nice, the hotel is very big, with several swimming pools. Yorum: There is no games room, no billiards, no mini golf etc., I am very disappointed, and the rest is very good the swimming pool is beautiful, the sea and opposite the rooms are good the shows very good, but there is no games room or billiards that is very sad 8. Always the same dish, same meal, at the swimming pool frozen pizza, frozen fries, ... It has several very clean swimming pools. The swimming pool is huge. -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. Yorum: Currently at the hotel Food not great always the same room not great that smells like sewers staff not always pleasant otherwise the exteriors are sublime unheated swimming pool difficult to swim hotel not for the French entertainment ok But I do not recommend it 2900€ for 4 people including a 13 year old child Italian restaurant served at the lance worse and not great. Yorum: -little entertainment, some refuse children altogether -bars open at very unsuitable times, shame -dilapidated rooms (light that doesn't work in the bathrooms, cracks, stairs with paint stains, shower without seal = swimming pool in the bathroom) - we booked a room for 5, when we arrived we found 4 beds so they added 1 bed on the fly which is a shame given the price - entertainment not entertaining or even worthless 34. In terms of service, regarding the swimming pool, slides, activities, shows, different bars and restaurants, we are definitely a 5 star. Yorum: This hotel has halal food, very good food, by the way, there are large swimming pools for young and old and some slides, just to say that the slides close early, too bad 4 p.m. the beach is beautiful the swimming pool too only downside the location is very isolated and no wifi in the rooms.. Good food, swimming pool and beach at the top 👍 A big thank you to Senay Canbolat and Irina Sosnina who are very friendly and who gave us good advice on what to visit in Antalya. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians. Swimming pool and water park. There are several swimming pools. Yorum: The +: close to the airport, access and beach and swimming pool facilities are great.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.2
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 34
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: A great family experience! Firuze for her commercial gesture for the family. Ideal for family vacations! Yorum: Very good hotel But not a 5 star Rooms not great finishes to review Unlimited free mini bar and refilled every day Very clean In all inclusive we eat all day it is very good and varied I recommend for family vacations 47. Family run, friendly hotel 55. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, very good, I went there twice with my family. Yorum: Great family hotel, Clean, Top staff, I recommend 77. Comment: Great with the whole family! We came as a family and particularly enjoyed the two-story family room - with bathrooms and toilets on each floor. |A kids club super suitable for little ones and toddlers! The staff is very attentive, there is a lot of entertainment 🤩🤩 The food is very varied in 15 days I have never eaten the same thing There is a giant kids club I have never seen that!!! Yorum: Perfect stay, my children were always at the kids club, the play structures are incredible, the team is great, very professional and great, you can leave your children with them with complete confidence despite the language barrier, the team does everything to put you at ease. A big thank you to the kids club team! I would like to thank Kids club and especially Mrs. |A kids club super suitable for little ones and toddlers! The staff is very attentive, there is a lot of entertainment 🤩🤩 The food is very varied in 15 days I have never eaten the same thing There is a giant kids club I have never seen that!!! Yorum: Perfect stay, my children were always at the kids club, the play structures are incredible, the team is great, very professional and great, you can leave your children with them with complete confidence despite the language barrier, the team does everything to put you at ease. A big thank you to the kids club team! I would like to thank Kids club and especially Mrs. ||Lots of activities for children! Yorum: We spent 15 days in this wonderful hotel, with our 3 children. The rooms are old and if you have small children the balcony is to be avoided because the railings are wide below and a child can quickly slip underneath and fall. Yorum: A great hotel especially for families with children. to put it simply my children threw up for 3 days and my husband was sick too. Very little entertainment, always the same thing, for children nothing special just 1 paddling pool. Men's haircut: 35 euros A small car for children 20 euros. Yorum: Perfect stay, my children were always at the kids club, the play structures are incredible, the team is great, very professional and great, you can leave your children with them with complete confidence despite the language barrier, the team does everything to put you at ease. Children's paradise in terms of entertainment. Yorum: -little entertainment, some refuse children altogether -bars open at very unsuitable times, shame -dilapidated rooms (light that doesn't work in the bathrooms, cracks, stairs with paint stains, shower without seal = swimming pool in the bathroom) - we booked a room for 5, when we arrived we found 4 beds so they added 1 bed on the fly which is a shame given the price - entertainment not entertaining or even worthless 34. I would definitely leave my children there! I think I'll come back next year, my children and I had a great holiday, I recommend it! Yorum: Not at all satisfied, the room is average, no entertainment at all (adults and children), the food not very good, always the same thing, we couldn't find a table, too many people, not enough deckchairs on the beach, the hotel hosted several sports tournaments, lots of young people who don't sleep until the morning and make a lot of noise, we couldn't sit at the bar or in the hall because there was no space and lack of manners. Yorum: Lots of different and varied activities for children. Yorum: Miniclub children very nice place for children with lots of colors and decorations suitable for children as well as staff.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 7.6
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 28
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: There are two nights |We are delighted with the atmosphere on the site |I will say 10/10 for|-Mini club|-Catering especially the cakes.|-impeccable cleanliness.|-the service at the reception and in … 3. Yorum: Hotel nickel hotel staff o TOP impeccable cleanliness but when it comes to going out you have to ask for a taxi at reception and there the whole network is set up do not leave the hotel real crooks taxi restaurant guy from the hotel reception pfff 57. There are two nights |We are delighted with the atmosphere on the site |I will say 10/10 for|-Mini club|-Catering especially the cakes.|-impeccable cleanliness.|-the service at the reception and in … 3. |Thanks to Aicha the cleaning lady who did a very good job and who is adorable. The maids do not clean the rooms in any way, they only change the trash and the towels, if the mood arises they also make the bed. The staff is friendly, the hotel is very, very clean!! Yorum: Very nice, clean hotel. Yorum: A great hotel, everything is perfect, there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, the hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is magnificent, especially Anastasia. It has several very clean swimming pools. Very clean rooms. -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. The hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is wonderful. The dry cleaning service with washing machine, I thought I was hallucinating the prices: 1 t-shirt 3.50 euros to wash it. Positive points: clean private beach, welcoming, caring and smiling staff despite the savages who stay there (the Russians) 28. the cleaning is really good, the staff members speak English and Turkish, it is really beautiful at night but there are better hotels in Antalya 40. Yorum: Very nice clean hotel.. Yorum: Very good hotel But not a 5 star Rooms not great finishes to review Unlimited free mini bar and refilled every day Very clean In all inclusive we eat all day it is very good and varied I recommend for family vacations 47. Yorum: Very good hotel, very good service Very clean, friendly staff Varied buffet and top Italian and Mexican restaurant 56. Yorum: Hotel nickel hotel staff o TOP impeccable cleanliness but when it comes to going out you have to ask for a taxi at reception and there the whole network is set up do not leave the hotel real crooks taxi restaurant guy from the hotel reception pfff 57. Yorum: Horrible hotel believe me I went to Antalya several times because of this horrible hotel the disgusting food always the same food the rooms incredible horrible it smells like mold the waiters are always angry the people who do the cleaning they do nothing and in a bad mood there is no doctor hotel it is old only Russians drunk at night you can't sleep this hotel I don't even give it 1 star hotel bad image of Antalya 58. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, nothing to say, the staff is great, the cuisine is varied, different buffets, just in terms of cleaning the rooms it's not perfect 59. Yorum: Horrible stay, I was there 1 week ago the worst vacation of my life, I strongly advise against this mediocre hotel zero service, the restaurant inedible always the same thing the rooms stink of humidity very old, dirty carpet even the cleaning service is mediocre, my son had food poisoning due to their restaurant not even a doctor in the hotel, do not go there it is not even worth a 2 star No entertainment or atmosphere hotel at the end of its life it is a disgrace such a hotel !!!!!!!!!!! Yorum: Great family hotel, Clean, Top staff, I recommend 77. Yorum: Everything was beautiful, well organized, clean, helpful staff. |Room: spacious, clean and well equipped (pump bottles… 119. The rooms are spacious and clean. The hotel itself is clean and spacious. The rooms were cleaned daily, there was plenty of food and drink, there was a food court everywhere you turned.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 7.4
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 24
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: A great family experience! Firuze for her commercial gesture for the family. Ideal for family vacations! Yorum: Very good hotel But not a 5 star Rooms not great finishes to review Unlimited free mini bar and refilled every day Very clean In all inclusive we eat all day it is very good and varied I recommend for family vacations 47. Family run, friendly hotel 55. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, very good, I went there twice with my family. Yorum: Great family hotel, Clean, Top staff, I recommend 77. Comment: Great with the whole family! We came as a family and particularly enjoyed the two-story family room - with bathrooms and toilets on each floor. ||Lots of activities for children! Yorum: We spent 15 days in this wonderful hotel, with our 3 children. The rooms are old and if you have small children the balcony is to be avoided because the railings are wide below and a child can quickly slip underneath and fall. Yorum: A great hotel especially for families with children. to put it simply my children threw up for 3 days and my husband was sick too. Very little entertainment, always the same thing, for children nothing special just 1 paddling pool. Men's haircut: 35 euros A small car for children 20 euros. Yorum: Perfect stay, my children were always at the kids club, the play structures are incredible, the team is great, very professional and great, you can leave your children with them with complete confidence despite the language barrier, the team does everything to put you at ease. Children's paradise in terms of entertainment. Yorum: -little entertainment, some refuse children altogether -bars open at very unsuitable times, shame -dilapidated rooms (light that doesn't work in the bathrooms, cracks, stairs with paint stains, shower without seal = swimming pool in the bathroom) - we booked a room for 5, when we arrived we found 4 beds so they added 1 bed on the fly which is a shame given the price - entertainment not entertaining or even worthless 34. I would definitely leave my children there! I think I'll come back next year, my children and I had a great holiday, I recommend it! Yorum: Not at all satisfied, the room is average, no entertainment at all (adults and children), the food not very good, always the same thing, we couldn't find a table, too many people, not enough deckchairs on the beach, the hotel hosted several sports tournaments, lots of young people who don't sleep until the morning and make a lot of noise, we couldn't sit at the bar or in the hall because there was no space and lack of manners. Yorum: Lots of different and varied activities for children. Yorum: Miniclub children very nice place for children with lots of colors and decorations suitable for children as well as staff.

Kumsal için rating: 7.5
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 20
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: The +: close to the airport, access and beach and swimming pool facilities are great. Beautiful beach. But everything else is quite nice, the beach is amazing and there are quite a few activities. The sea a few meters away with private beach. -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. Positive points: clean private beach, welcoming, caring and smiling staff despite the savages who stay there (the Russians) 28. Beach with beautiful waves and ideal temperature. the beach is beautiful the swimming pool too only downside the location is very isolated and no wifi in the rooms.. Good food, swimming pool and beach at the top 👍 A big thank you to Senay Canbolat and Irina Sosnina who are very friendly and who gave us good advice on what to visit in Antalya. Yorum: Not at all satisfied, the room is average, no entertainment at all (adults and children), the food not very good, always the same thing, we couldn't find a table, too many people, not enough deckchairs on the beach, the hotel hosted several sports tournaments, lots of young people who don't sleep until the morning and make a lot of noise, we couldn't sit at the bar or in the hall because there was no space and lack of manners. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, has a large accommodation capacity, good all day food, activity, the beach is very beautiful, I recommend this hotel!! Beautiful private beach. Yorum: There is no games room, no billiards, no mini golf etc., I am very disappointed, and the rest is very good the swimming pool is beautiful, the sea and opposite the rooms are good the shows very good, but there is no games room or billiards that is very sad 8. The sea a few meters away with private beach. Yorum: -little entertainment, some refuse children altogether -bars open at very unsuitable times, shame -dilapidated rooms (light that doesn't work in the bathrooms, cracks, stairs with paint stains, shower without seal = swimming pool in the bathroom) - we booked a room for 5, when we arrived we found 4 beds so they added 1 bed on the fly which is a shame given the price - entertainment not entertaining or even worthless 34. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, facing the sea, the atmosphere is great, the staff is super welcoming, the best!! My room had a front row seat. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians. Year: Furkan Sinem Sahin Berat and the whole team at the seafood restaurant are great. Beach with beautiful waves and ideal temperature.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.3
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 19
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: So let's not talk about outside taxis. Yorum: Hotel nickel hotel staff o TOP impeccable cleanliness but when it comes to going out you have to ask for a taxi at reception and there the whole network is set up do not leave the hotel real crooks taxi restaurant guy from the hotel reception pfff 57. Yorum: The +: close to the airport, access and beach and swimming pool facilities are great. I highly recommend this hotel, its staff, its location, its climate, its meals and its logistics. -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. the beach is beautiful the swimming pool too only downside the location is very isolated and no wifi in the rooms.. Yorum: The hotel itself is good despite the fact that the opening hours for the aquatic area (slides) are really restrictive 10am-12pm and 2pm-4pm.|The real downside of this hotel is clearly the staff who are rude, not helpful at all… 6. Yorum: Hello everyone, very nice hotel, very luxurious, nice area, cool and pleasant for families, it's 5 stars, well done 75. Yorum: A little expensive for a hotel of this type but in the average price range for this geographical area of ​​the city (Lara) 91. The rooms are old, no more than 2 sockets per room and what's more, they are poorly placed. Unforgettable memories in an unforgettable place 13. Additionally, we were placed at a table far from the entertainment. The spa is a very beautiful place and the massages are adapted to each person and very effective. Very well maintained place, never any trash on the ground, I really recommend it 36. Yorum: Kremlin palace is a wonderful place for little ones! Yorum: An exceptional place that I highly recommend for a leisure and restful stay. Yorum: Miniclub children very nice place for children with lots of colors and decorations suitable for children as well as staff. Yorum: Beautiful place, very friendly staff. Yorum: Great place.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 10.0
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 8
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: The spa is a very beautiful place and the massages are adapted to each person and very effective. The SPA staff are very friendly and helpful. Well maintained hotel complex on the outside.|The massages are good even if the chef tries to sell you some... Yorum: A dream massage, the best of all the massages we have had! Yorum: I really invite you if you ever go to this establishment I advise you to go to the massage institute the team is great the manager is attentive despite our difficulties in understanding each other and takes the time to make himself understood he is very professional really attentive it really makes us happy! Thanks to this it was a pleasure to stay at the hotel, very pleasant during my stay I had five or six massages, really of very high quality, a great team 22. The spa is a very beautiful place and the massages are adapted to each person and very effective. Thank you Altag and Aslm for this superb massage.

Özel Menü için rating: 10.0
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: I highly recommend this hotel, its staff, its location, its climate, its meals and its logistics. The price-quality ratio is good, the service is impeccable, particularly during meals. Yorum: As for the meals, it leaves something to be desired... Year: Entertainment and meals at the top 107.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The sea a few meters away with private beach. Positive points: clean private beach, welcoming, caring and smiling staff despite the savages who stay there (the Russians) 28. Beautiful private beach.

Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için rating: 4.7
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Very nice hotel, we have access to lots of services like ice cream, hamburgers, hot dogs but also watermelons.... Rooms to be redone, moldy bathrooms, food for dogs or Russians and staff overall very negative, lack of smiles.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 10.0
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Animation ONLY IN RUSSIAN, music only in RUSSIAN, in short Antalya has belonged to the Russians for 2-3 years, I have the impression. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians.

Spor Alanları için rating: 9.1
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: perfect there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, apart from the person who was at the reception of the spa, the bald gentleman, he did not want to tell me where to find the gym.

