Otel İsmi: Lara Barut Collection

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.3
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 189
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: We went at the beginning of October, the hotel was full, but the staff was enough. The staff are friendly but not in your face, very professional. Comment: The hotel offers a luxurious ambience, excellent food, lots of space, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent, dedicated staff, one of the best wellness/spa centers with excellent massages. |We would like more German knowledge from the staff, especially on… 11. The range of drinks and cocktails in all the bars is fantastic and the bar staff are generally very happy and helpful. The pleasant friendliness and unobtrusiveness of the hotel staff also creates a pleasant atmosphere. First of all, the staff is very attentive and friendly. The staff welcomed us very kindly and made the room available to us very quickly. The staff, food and ambiance were amazing. Many pools, bars (all up bars), staff are always poolside on roller skates to bring you anything. The beach was clean with cabanas (for villa guests) and beach beds, towels were available at every corner, beach staff at the bar and around. I hope my comment will be taken into account, other than that everything was perfect, big thanks to all the staff. The hotel is beautiful, the food was wonderful and the staff were amazing. All the staff we encountered were friendly, solution oriented and genuine. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! Comment: Excellent hotel, neat and attentive staff. The staff is incredibly friendly! I would also like to thank the hotel staff. Comment: Honestly the best villa / holiday experience I have ever had, the facilities are amazing and the staff are incredibly helpful and pleasant. The staff will be happy to answer anything you want and bring what you want very quickly. When I tried to enter the gym at 11am, I was informed by the photography team staff that I would have to wait an hour due to their session in progress, which included a photo shoot of a model on a treadmill that I had no intention of using. Unfortunately, the staff member was unable to adequately assist me, stating that reservations must be made through the app. The staff at the kids club are fantastic; however, they close for a few hours during lunch. The hotel itself is very well maintained and clean, the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. The staff was also… 68. I felt at home with the magnificent sea view, comfortable rooms and friendly staff. The management is crap, the staff has poor customer service, the app sucks and the experience is 0/10. A big thank you to Yagmur from the entertainment team who made our stay even more enjoyable and of course to all the hotel staff. Yorum: Imagine that you are always taken care of from the moment you enter and all the staff are friendly, there is no problem, they take care of everything, it is an amazing hotel, it is very clean, you never want to leave the villa, everything is perfect, it was even a pool with… 84. Instead, I was very pleased with the seats that didn't require reservations and the buffet, and the general staff was very friendly. The hotel is well equipped for a pleasant stay, with attentive staff and a pleasant atmosphere. The general hotel staff was friendly and honest. It's always top service, quality, food...the staff is top notch and a big thank you to the maid Fatma and the evening maid. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our son was warmly welcomed and looked after by the staff everywhere, including in the restaurant or bar. The kids club staff are just great! Friendly and helpful staff. We were always packed but never saw any negativity from any staff member. Comment: The staff were very friendly and the food was amazing, so many of the restaurants to eat from the rooms were large and the whole resort was very clean and not too crowded. A la carte restaurants are excellent (inclusive), lounge elegant, staff excellent and well maintained, activities limited but excellent. I would especially like to acknowledge the staff working in the barbeque areas of the restaurants and outdoor areas of the hotel. Let's be honest, staying at this hotel is a financial investment, but when you see the beauty of the facilities, the quality and variety of food and drinks and the hard work of every member of the staff, you realize that it's worth it. We liked the lively atmosphere and friendly staff. The staff is very friendly Definitely 5 stars and highly recommended for a summer holiday. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. The service, the food, the staff, everything was very good, it is an establishment that I will visit again. But I really want to give a shout out and thank the spa staff. I'm fine) All the staff went above and beyond every step of the way. The check-in process was seamless and quick, with attentive staff offering all the necessary information about the hotel's facilities. We were particularly impressed by the attentive service in the restaurants — the staff was quick to accommodate all requests, making sure that every meal was special. Comment: It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, large hotel area, lush gardens, deep blue sea and quality food and drinks. Smiling and attentive staff. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in every area. All staff are friendly and solution oriented. All staff strive to make you feel special, to ensure your comfort and provide excellent service. Comment: I stayed 4 days in this area for the first time and the hotel service was really great cuisine, super tasty staff, it was really good, good smile, the hotel was really clean. |For the positive: |- The staff and service are top notch, everyone is… 137. The customer service and attention to detail is first class. Comment: After a very unfortunate and unpleasant reception at the reception of Hotel Lara Barut (hence the deduction of 1 star) ||we still had a perfect holiday in one, especially thanks to Alper from Guest Relations and Holidaycheck customer service… 75. Comment: First I'll start with the poor customer service this place has to offer. The management is crap, the staff has poor customer service, the app sucks and the experience is 0/10. I felt at home with the magnificent sea view, comfortable rooms and friendly staff. We liked the lively atmosphere and friendly staff. Comment: It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, large hotel area, lush gardens, deep blue sea and quality food and drinks. The range of drinks and cocktails in all the bars is fantastic and the bar staff are generally very happy and helpful. Comment: Honestly the best villa / holiday experience I have ever had, the facilities are amazing and the staff are incredibly helpful and pleasant. We want to express our gratitude to the Barut family for all the kind, kind, helpful and hardworking people, especially Mr. The employees are very friendly and helpful. Friendly and helpful staff. We couldn't have enough time for archery because of the friendly coach we came across - his name is Amigo and he was so kind and helpful. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in every area. We went at the beginning of October, the hotel was full, but the staff was enough. The staff are friendly but not in your face, very professional. Comment: The hotel offers a luxurious ambience, excellent food, lots of space, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent, dedicated staff, one of the best wellness/spa centers with excellent massages. |We would like more German knowledge from the staff, especially on… 11. The range of drinks and cocktails in all the bars is fantastic and the bar staff are generally very happy and helpful. The pleasant friendliness and unobtrusiveness of the hotel staff also creates a pleasant atmosphere. First of all, the staff is very attentive and friendly. The staff welcomed us very kindly and made the room available to us very quickly. The staff, food and ambiance were amazing. Many pools, bars (all up bars), staff are always poolside on roller skates to bring you anything. The beach was clean with cabanas (for villa guests) and beach beds, towels were available at every corner, beach staff at the bar and around. I hope my comment will be taken into account, other than that everything was perfect, big thanks to all the staff. The hotel is beautiful, the food was wonderful and the staff were amazing. All the staff we encountered were friendly, solution oriented and genuine. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! Comment: Excellent hotel, neat and attentive staff. The staff is incredibly friendly! I would also like to thank the hotel staff. Comment: Honestly the best villa / holiday experience I have ever had, the facilities are amazing and the staff are incredibly helpful and pleasant. The staff will be happy to answer anything you want and bring what you want very quickly. When I tried to enter the gym at 11am, I was informed by the photography team staff that I would have to wait an hour due to their session in progress, which included a photo shoot of a model on a treadmill that I had no intention of using. Unfortunately, the staff member was unable to adequately assist me, stating that reservations must be made through the app. The staff at the kids club are fantastic; however, they close for a few hours during lunch. The hotel itself is very well maintained and clean, the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. The staff was also… 68. I felt at home with the magnificent sea view, comfortable rooms and friendly staff. The management is crap, the staff has poor customer service, the app sucks and the experience is 0/10. A big thank you to Yagmur from the entertainment team who made our stay even more enjoyable and of course to all the hotel staff. Yorum: Imagine that you are always taken care of from the moment you enter and all the staff are friendly, there is no problem, they take care of everything, it is an amazing hotel, it is very clean, you never want to leave the villa, everything is perfect, it was even a pool with… 84. Instead, I was very pleased with the seats that didn't require reservations and the buffet, and the general staff was very friendly. The hotel is well equipped for a pleasant stay, with attentive staff and a pleasant atmosphere. The general hotel staff was friendly and honest. It's always top service, quality, food...the staff is top notch and a big thank you to the maid Fatma and the evening maid. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our son was warmly welcomed and looked after by the staff everywhere, including in the restaurant or bar. The kids club staff are just great! Friendly and helpful staff. We were always packed but never saw any negativity from any staff member. Comment: The staff were very friendly and the food was amazing, so many of the restaurants to eat from the rooms were large and the whole resort was very clean and not too crowded. A la carte restaurants are excellent (inclusive), lounge elegant, staff excellent and well maintained, activities limited but excellent. I would especially like to acknowledge the staff working in the barbeque areas of the restaurants and outdoor areas of the hotel. Let's be honest, staying at this hotel is a financial investment, but when you see the beauty of the facilities, the quality and variety of food and drinks and the hard work of every member of the staff, you realize that it's worth it. We liked the lively atmosphere and friendly staff. The staff is very friendly Definitely 5 stars and highly recommended for a summer holiday. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. The service, the food, the staff, everything was very good, it is an establishment that I will visit again. But I really want to give a shout out and thank the spa staff. I'm fine) All the staff went above and beyond every step of the way. The check-in process was seamless and quick, with attentive staff offering all the necessary information about the hotel's facilities. We were particularly impressed by the attentive service in the restaurants — the staff was quick to accommodate all requests, making sure that every meal was special. Comment: It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, large hotel area, lush gardens, deep blue sea and quality food and drinks. Smiling and attentive staff. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in every area. All staff are friendly and solution oriented. All staff strive to make you feel special, to ensure your comfort and provide excellent service. Comment: I stayed 4 days in this area for the first time and the hotel service was really great cuisine, super tasty staff, it was really good, good smile, the hotel was really clean. |For the positive: |- The staff and service are top notch, everyone is… 137. We got a lovely room which was spotless and had wonderful service… 2. Comment: This hotel has really good service, the top management has thought through everything in detail, the room facilities, sauna, hammam, billiards, jacuzzi, massage tables (although these tables are not very comfortable for me), the beds also leave a lot to be desired, but are... The choice of 2 pools was fantastic and ordering drinks and food as room service made the… 10. All restaurants have fantastic food, drinks and service - however Secret Grill may not be worth €50 per person, despite the food being excellent. We have never used the open buffet and it offers a wonderful service with its food and service. At the Italian restaurant Laura, you feel like a VIP when Chef Jeliz visits the tables one by one and asks if you are satisfied with the food and service. The service is impeccable, the rooms with private access to the pool, fantastic. Service until… 24. Every minute you feel care and service at the highest level. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! Comment: Absolutely stunning resort, impeccable service and worth the money you pay for this hotel. cleanliness, service in the pavilion, everything is commendable. Service is very important here and they try to do everything for the guests so that everyone has a smile! A big compliment from me to the management for this wonderful service! By far the best service we have received in a hotel. The customer service and attention to detail is first class. The hotel stands out for its service and food quality. On our first vacation with our 8-month-old baby, hotel service and food quality were also very important to us. This wasn't a problem for us as our daughter doesn't want to stay there, but it could be a challenge for families wanting to use the service during that time. If you want to experience quality and service at the highest… 58. - The garden/pool areas are absolutely beautiful - The service is superb - The food is really good. Lara Barut is the most luxurious, comfortable, clean, all-inclusive concept hotel with superior service that I have ever been to. I had a great time during my vacation in Antalya because of bayou villas alone.|The service was exceptional, beyond excellent! Comment: Normally I would not give such ratings and comments, but we were really satisfied with the hotel's service. Comment: After a very unfortunate and unpleasant reception at the reception of Hotel Lara Barut (hence the deduction of 1 star) ||we still had a perfect holiday in one, especially thanks to Alper from Guest Relations and Holidaycheck customer service… 75. In addition to nice accommodation, service is also very important here. Perfect service and friendly, welcoming people. Several restaurants to eat in and room service is also perfect! Comment: First I'll start with the poor customer service this place has to offer. The management is crap, the staff has poor customer service, the app sucks and the experience is 0/10. Comment: We had the opportunity to stay for a week in this beautiful hotel, excellent service and perfect location. It must be said that it is the best hotel with the service and quality of the products it provides. The employees are friendly and service-oriented. |The service is at the highest level, everything is done for you at all times with a smile and pleasure!|Pillows, sheets, towels, bathrobes and slippers are incredibly soft. The facilities and free services they provided to the child were very good. It's always top service, quality, food...the staff is top notch and a big thank you to the maid Fatma and the evening maid. A very sustainable and ecological hotel where service is very important. The service through the hotel application is simple and uncomplicated, which means that the contact person is available 24 hours a day. The hotel offers all the services you could wish for. I have to highlight the Pavillon area, which is an absolute dream with butler service and food service for lunch from the restaurant. The cold towel service was fantastic 😊 Another thing to highlight is the food, because this was amazing. Comment: Amazing hotel, service beyond all praise at all stages and levels! A special service for newlyweds - so nice and cool! Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. They welcome every guest with a smile and work tirelessly to provide top-notch service. Despite the scorching sun and sweltering heat, the teams work hard from dawn to dusk to provide the best experience and service to guests. The quality of the food and service is not top notch nor worthy of a 5 star rating. However, for this price you can also be critical and I think they can improve a few points, especially in the service! In a hotel like this this is just part of the service, I think you pay for it. Comment: This was an amazing hotel with great food, service, environment and so on. The service, the food, the staff, everything was very good, it is an establishment that I will visit again. We were particularly impressed by the attentive service in the restaurants — the staff was quick to accommodate all requests, making sure that every meal was special. The service was outstanding both times, the food and drinks were top notch. We travel a lot and want to have quality service. As someone who has been to many hotels with this concept, I have never seen such service, cleanliness, meticulousness and attention before. The service, rooms, facility, pool and food were excellent. In addition, if you want to try world cuisine, there are many different restaurant services. Comment: From the moment you enter the hotel, you begin to feel the quality, kindness, friendliness and excellent service. All staff strive to make you feel special, to ensure your comfort and provide excellent service. Comment: I stayed 4 days in this area for the first time and the hotel service was really great cuisine, super tasty staff, it was really good, good smile, the hotel was really clean. |For the positive: |- The staff and service are top notch, everyone is… 137.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.9
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 96
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: If something like this happened to me when I came to such a child-friendly hotel in the future with my child, my reaction would be completely different. A very child-friendly hotel with lots of activities for children. I can't understand the reason, but the people who worked in Barut Kemer, which has now been relocated, were very happy and some of them really respected the Barut family. Comment: Another great family vacation for our 10th. Comment: This hotel offers a wide range of activities and relaxation for all members of the family Perfect for a family holiday, there is something for everyone. Comment: Lara Barut was the right choice for us as a family, everyone got their own, especially our child. Comment: It's hard to talk about the Lara Barut Collection experience because there aren't enough adjectives to describe the extraordinary beauty of this resort.||We are a family of frequent travelers and love the concept of an all-inclusive resort as a model for a great relaxing vacation in… 25. We had such an amazing family experience, with my son enjoying the aqua park while… 39. We saw 2-3 free-ranging, beautiful cats outside, naturally hungry and not sterile (I'm commenting on this as a family with cats and dogs). Comment: We had a family vacation in August. You can be sure that you will hear that word SATISFIED from the moment you enter the hotel :) A complete family hotel, you can be sure that you will have a pleasant vacation when you arrive. Although it was a family hotel, there was not much noise, with the number of restaurants and swimming pools, but the activities and animation were not very lively. This is a hotel I met on a business trip, but I definitely want to come back with my family. We want to express our gratitude to the Barut family for all the kind, kind, helpful and hardworking people, especially Mr. Comment: We had a vacation at the beginning of September with the whole family. Thank you from my family! I would recommend this to anyone, young or old, with or without a family. In short, thanks to the Barut family and I'm sure we'll see each other again ☺ 94. We had a wonderful family vacation where everyone (children and adults) got their way. I went with my family and the kids love the fun they had. Comment: We stayed in this hotel for four nights for a family vacation: First impressions: the hotel is old, and we wondered why the prices were so high. Comment: We had an amazing 10-day family vacation in Lara Barut! Comment: We had the best family summer vacation. This hotel is family/child friendly. This hotel has everything a family needs to relax and enjoy their vacation! Comment: An excellent hotel for a family with children. Comment: We were a family of 5 people and it was our first time in Turkey. I would like to thank the entire Lara Barut Collection family for making the organization run so seamlessly. The staff at the kids club are fantastic; however, they close for a few hours during lunch. The aqua park was super fun, there are slides for adults and little kids.. the aqua park is supposed to be the main attraction for kids, but it literally only has 3 rides. The kids club staff are just great! Comment: The hotel is excellent, with several options for children, several restaurants, clean, organized, but like everything else it is not perfect, there are only 3 elevators in the main hotel, it takes some time and the elevators are small, sometimes I have to wait for you for a long time to get in, the lifeguards are not friendly, they are on the phone, they don't pay attention to the kids, my son tried to talk to one twice and he just ignored him, the bigger pool was closed 3 times during our stay because some kid had an accident (poop) . Comment: You feel special from the moment you walk in the door, but the hotels you can go to with kids and be happy with are very limited. I can't name the names, but the ones I remember are; I would also like to thank Furkan Lagoon Bar, Turunc Aisegul Hanım Restaurant, Melissa Kids Club and two girls with long black hair on roller skates. The hotel space is huge, great for families with children (big kids' club, nice slides) and great for active people because of the many sports opportunities. I went with my family and the kids love the fun they had. Compared to other hotels in Belek or Lara, the kids club in this hotel is very poor. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. Personally, I think it's more of a hotel with older kids. It's great to have a huge water park for kids. Great for kids. The staff at the kids club are fantastic; however, they close for a few hours during lunch. The kids club staff are just great! I can't name the names, but the ones I remember are; I would also like to thank Furkan Lagoon Bar, Turunc Aisegul Hanım Restaurant, Melissa Kids Club and two girls with long black hair on roller skates. Compared to other hotels in Belek or Lara, the kids club in this hotel is very poor. Comment: An ideal hotel for a holiday with children. Every evening there is a mini disco for children. I was happy that it was not prepared just for foreign children. They made the children dance in several different languages, including Turkish. I think those who plan to go should choose warmer periods, especially if there are children. Families with children can choose it without hesitation. Everyone in our group took excellent care of and looked after them, 5 adults and 5 children from 5 to 15 years old. Only in the part of the children's slides, the rescuers do not take their eyes off their phones and have no idea what is happening with the children. It is clear that the safety of children is the responsibility of parents, but why close the children's slides for a break when the lifeguards leave? A very child-friendly hotel with lots of activities for children. It is very suitable for those traveling with children. There are many playgrounds for children. I think that children's beds should be cleaned with more care than normal beds and this should definitely be taken into account. ||Spacious, pleasant and well-organized space with developed infrastructure, including children of various ages.||Decent rooms with excellent equipment, where everyone has been thought out... I showed it to my grandchildren and drew their attention to the selection of compositions in each location. Comment: We vacationed in the Lara Barut collection at the end of August with two adults + 2 children (11 + 17). It was disappointing to find that the gym is not available during peak times, especially for families with children who may have limited time to exercise. In addition, the Children's Club lacks a restaurant dedicated to children. The water in the pools, especially in the children's section, is quite cold, while the sea is noticeably warmer in comparison. With children in mind, the pools are built from shallow to deep. The activities held in the evening for both children and adults were very nice. The clown activity in the mini club was very nice and we were very happy to see the children's smiles. Everywhere in the hotel there were places intended for children. They thought of everyone when they made this hotel (singles, families, children, people with disabilities, pensioners, etc.). There are also many activities on offer (both for adults and children). there are activities every day for small children and adults.. They are really sensitive, especially with children. We had a wonderful family vacation where everyone (children and adults) got their way. The hotel is highly recommended, even with children. Children have everything they need, want and can imagine. Comment: The hotel is excellent, with several options for children, several restaurants, clean, organized, but like everything else it is not perfect, there are only 3 elevators in the main hotel, it takes some time and the elevators are small, sometimes I have to wait for you for a long time to get in, the lifeguards are not friendly, they are on the phone, they don't pay attention to the kids, my son tried to talk to one twice and he just ignored him, the bigger pool was closed 3 times during our stay because some kid had an accident (poop) . This year we went with 5 families and 5 children. We thank everyone who took care of us, from the friend who met us at the entrance to the Melem bar, the Turunc restaurant, the children's club, the main restaurant, the girls on roller skates, the brothers who collect towels and the terrace in the lobby. You gave us and our children great days. The hotel space is huge, great for families with children (big kids' club, nice slides) and great for active people because of the many sports opportunities. Furthermore, this hotel is great for small children with lots of simple food like pizza or pasta, and the hotel has links to the beach which allows you to sit and relax in the nice Mediterranean breeze. Numerous activities are available for both adults and children, including tennis courts, darts, water cycling and various afternoon and evening shows. The children's club is old and there is no room for adults or a place to change diapers. The rooms in the main building could be a little bigger, especially for families with children, they are small. Another thing is the timing of activities for young children! It usually starts at 20:30 and some shows at 21:00, and for young children who are used to sleeping early, these shows are late! Comment: An excellent hotel for a family with children. The children's concept is very convenient in terms of providing a potty and a stroller for babies. Many children's areas for socializing. The beach is suitable for children. I recommend it to those who are thinking of vacationing in Antalya, especially families with children. If you have children, then it is perfect for you, you will never be bored here. My children were delighted. Activities are varied, spaces and games are provided for children. It is completely suitable for children.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.9
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 94
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: the hotel also offers baby strollers, which is a big plus. The rooms are clean, you can go to the sea with a stroller, but it takes 6-7 minutes to walk from the farthest room. A playpen bed, changing mat, shower gel, baby shampoo, baby body lotion and stroller were the free amenities we used. The children's concept is very convenient in terms of providing a potty and a stroller for babies. The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. I can't understand the reason, but the people who worked in Barut Kemer, which has now been relocated, were very happy and some of them really respected the Barut family. Comment: Another great family vacation for our 10th. Comment: This hotel offers a wide range of activities and relaxation for all members of the family Perfect for a family holiday, there is something for everyone. Comment: Lara Barut was the right choice for us as a family, everyone got their own, especially our child. Comment: It's hard to talk about the Lara Barut Collection experience because there aren't enough adjectives to describe the extraordinary beauty of this resort.||We are a family of frequent travelers and love the concept of an all-inclusive resort as a model for a great relaxing vacation in… 25. We had such an amazing family experience, with my son enjoying the aqua park while… 39. We saw 2-3 free-ranging, beautiful cats outside, naturally hungry and not sterile (I'm commenting on this as a family with cats and dogs). Comment: We had a family vacation in August. You can be sure that you will hear that word SATISFIED from the moment you enter the hotel :) A complete family hotel, you can be sure that you will have a pleasant vacation when you arrive. Although it was a family hotel, there was not much noise, with the number of restaurants and swimming pools, but the activities and animation were not very lively. This is a hotel I met on a business trip, but I definitely want to come back with my family. We want to express our gratitude to the Barut family for all the kind, kind, helpful and hardworking people, especially Mr. Comment: We had a vacation at the beginning of September with the whole family. Thank you from my family! I would recommend this to anyone, young or old, with or without a family. In short, thanks to the Barut family and I'm sure we'll see each other again ☺ 94. We had a wonderful family vacation where everyone (children and adults) got their way. I went with my family and the kids love the fun they had. Comment: We stayed in this hotel for four nights for a family vacation: First impressions: the hotel is old, and we wondered why the prices were so high. Comment: We had an amazing 10-day family vacation in Lara Barut! Comment: We had the best family summer vacation. This hotel is family/child friendly. This hotel has everything a family needs to relax and enjoy their vacation! Comment: An excellent hotel for a family with children. Comment: We were a family of 5 people and it was our first time in Turkey. I would like to thank the entire Lara Barut Collection family for making the organization run so seamlessly. the hotel also offers baby strollers, which is a big plus. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the baby bed brought to our room, which was very dirty and had hair on it. On our first vacation with our 8-month-old baby, hotel service and food quality were also very important to us. Tahir, the restaurant manager, created everything we wanted for our baby with his smiling face. We were sweating, we were cold, we were always worried that our baby would catch a cold. anniversary with our baby! A playpen bed, changing mat, shower gel, baby shampoo, baby body lotion and stroller were the free amenities we used. The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. Comment: It was our first vacation with our 9-month-old baby. Everything was thought of for the baby. You don't need to bring anything, except for his special needs (Miss Dilek) She prepared everything for the baby from a woman's perspective. It will be very good for your baby-bearing body. I asked the receptionist for a quiet room with a baby cot, which we had requested earlier. Comment: An ideal hotel for a holiday with children. Every evening there is a mini disco for children. I was happy that it was not prepared just for foreign children. They made the children dance in several different languages, including Turkish. I think those who plan to go should choose warmer periods, especially if there are children. Families with children can choose it without hesitation. Everyone in our group took excellent care of and looked after them, 5 adults and 5 children from 5 to 15 years old. Only in the part of the children's slides, the rescuers do not take their eyes off their phones and have no idea what is happening with the children. It is clear that the safety of children is the responsibility of parents, but why close the children's slides for a break when the lifeguards leave? A very child-friendly hotel with lots of activities for children. It is very suitable for those traveling with children. There are many playgrounds for children. I think that children's beds should be cleaned with more care than normal beds and this should definitely be taken into account. ||Spacious, pleasant and well-organized space with developed infrastructure, including children of various ages.||Decent rooms with excellent equipment, where everyone has been thought out... I showed it to my grandchildren and drew their attention to the selection of compositions in each location. Comment: We vacationed in the Lara Barut collection at the end of August with two adults + 2 children (11 + 17). It was disappointing to find that the gym is not available during peak times, especially for families with children who may have limited time to exercise. In addition, the Children's Club lacks a restaurant dedicated to children. The water in the pools, especially in the children's section, is quite cold, while the sea is noticeably warmer in comparison. With children in mind, the pools are built from shallow to deep. The activities held in the evening for both children and adults were very nice. The clown activity in the mini club was very nice and we were very happy to see the children's smiles. Everywhere in the hotel there were places intended for children. They thought of everyone when they made this hotel (singles, families, children, people with disabilities, pensioners, etc.). There are also many activities on offer (both for adults and children). there are activities every day for small children and adults.. They are really sensitive, especially with children. We had a wonderful family vacation where everyone (children and adults) got their way. The hotel is highly recommended, even with children. Children have everything they need, want and can imagine. Comment: The hotel is excellent, with several options for children, several restaurants, clean, organized, but like everything else it is not perfect, there are only 3 elevators in the main hotel, it takes some time and the elevators are small, sometimes I have to wait for you for a long time to get in, the lifeguards are not friendly, they are on the phone, they don't pay attention to the kids, my son tried to talk to one twice and he just ignored him, the bigger pool was closed 3 times during our stay because some kid had an accident (poop) . This year we went with 5 families and 5 children. We thank everyone who took care of us, from the friend who met us at the entrance to the Melem bar, the Turunc restaurant, the children's club, the main restaurant, the girls on roller skates, the brothers who collect towels and the terrace in the lobby. You gave us and our children great days. The hotel space is huge, great for families with children (big kids' club, nice slides) and great for active people because of the many sports opportunities. Furthermore, this hotel is great for small children with lots of simple food like pizza or pasta, and the hotel has links to the beach which allows you to sit and relax in the nice Mediterranean breeze. Numerous activities are available for both adults and children, including tennis courts, darts, water cycling and various afternoon and evening shows. The children's club is old and there is no room for adults or a place to change diapers. The rooms in the main building could be a little bigger, especially for families with children, they are small. Another thing is the timing of activities for young children! It usually starts at 20:30 and some shows at 21:00, and for young children who are used to sleeping early, these shows are late! Comment: An excellent hotel for a family with children. The children's concept is very convenient in terms of providing a potty and a stroller for babies. Many children's areas for socializing. The beach is suitable for children. I recommend it to those who are thinking of vacationing in Antalya, especially families with children. If you have children, then it is perfect for you, you will never be bored here. My children were delighted. Activities are varied, spaces and games are provided for children. It is completely suitable for children.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 9.4
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 89
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The hotel has its own water slide on the property. The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. We had such an amazing family experience, with my son enjoying the aqua park while… 39. The aqua park was super fun, there are slides for adults and little kids.. the aqua park is supposed to be the main attraction for kids, but it literally only has 3 rides. Only in the part of the children's slides, the rescuers do not take their eyes off their phones and have no idea what is happening with the children. It is clear that the safety of children is the responsibility of parents, but why close the children's slides for a break when the lifeguards leave? The hotel has its own water slide on the property. The aqua park was super fun, there are slides for adults and little kids.. The hotel is well maintained, with clean pools and various slides that add a fun element to the stay. Lara Barut provides a nice balance of relaxation and fun, and the slides add extra fun. The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. At my request, the rescuer Furkan took a picture of me in free fall on the slide, which I thought was great! The hotel space is huge, great for families with children (big kids' club, nice slides) and great for active people because of the many sports opportunities. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. The skaters at the pool bar were very friendly, but other than that, although the employees are interested in Turkish customers, their attitudes are different from those of foreigners. Even though we stayed in the bath room, we couldn't use that pool because it was too cold. We had to go to public pools. The choice of 2 pools was fantastic and ordering drinks and food as room service made the… 10. While the sea beach is neglected compared to the pool bars in many hotels, the beach and bar in this hotel, especially the sea side, we never used the pool. First of all, there is the animation coach Funda who makes sports more fun for us, our waiter friend Joy who is always smiling at the beach bar and Furkan who pleases our taste with his special cocktails at the pool bar. The service is impeccable, the rooms with private access to the pool, fantastic. wait, this is the Lara Barut Collection, so of course you're going to go there to do many, many things during your vacation.||OK, so besides eating, drinking, seeing a show, partying, enjoying the pools,… 28. Incredible cleanliness in the surroundings, in the pools, on the beach. We went to Antalya in September, booked a lagoon room for 3 people at Lara Barut (we will book a room with pool access in the future). Many pools, bars (all up bars), staff are always poolside on roller skates to bring you anything. The hotel campus is quite large; You will not experience crowds with other guests, neither by the pool nor by the sea. - I think attention should be paid to cleaning the interior walls of the bar in the pool area, where the stalls are located. - Toilets on the beach, as well as toilets near the pool, are areas with a high frequency of use. Animation at the pool only at lunch time and very pleasant, and if you want to have fun, you will get your money's worth every night. Although it was a family hotel, there was not much noise, with the number of restaurants and swimming pools, but the activities and animation were not very lively. The water in the pools, especially in the children's section, is quite cold, while the sea is noticeably warmer in comparison. The pool should be heated from October instead of November so that guests can comfortably enjoy the pools. Even the rooms facing the lagoon pool remained unused because the water temperature was too cold. It was also a great experience to jump into the pool from the room and have a drink at the Lagoon bar. The pools are beautiful and the beach location is perfect. - The garden/pool areas are absolutely beautiful - The service is superb - The food is really good. With children in mind, the pools are built from shallow to deep. I took the Lagoon bath room to myself and it was really great to have the pool in front of the room as well as the forest atmosphere. Lovely beds and fantastic pools. the pool is huge.. Yorum: Imagine that you are always taken care of from the moment you enter and all the staff are friendly, there is no problem, they take care of everything, it is an amazing hotel, it is very clean, you never want to leave the villa, everything is perfect, it was even a pool with… 84. The hotel is well maintained, with clean pools and various slides that add a fun element to the stay. Everything was excellent, the pools were clean. We had a deluxe room with a beautiful view of the pool in the courtyard, which created a very romantic and pleasant atmosphere in the evening. The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. Comment: The hotel is excellent, with several options for children, several restaurants, clean, organized, but like everything else it is not perfect, there are only 3 elevators in the main hotel, it takes some time and the elevators are small, sometimes I have to wait for you for a long time to get in, the lifeguards are not friendly, they are on the phone, they don't pay attention to the kids, my son tried to talk to one twice and he just ignored him, the bigger pool was closed 3 times during our stay because some kid had an accident (poop) . I think management should be a little stricter about diapers or maybe have a kiddie pool. We were a group of 5 adults with some elderly people and really appreciated the transfer from our garden to the swimming pool to the beach. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the water park in the pool is small but quite exciting. The surrounding hotels pack them in like sardines, and this is not the case at all, there are plenty of sunbeds, a private dock and pool facilities. We had a room with private access to the pool - total waste of everything! It features a huge private beach, multiple pools and beautifully manicured gardens, each more stunning than the last. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. Lots of good activities, nice water parks and pools, clean rooms and facilities, delicious variety of food and desserts. Lunch and breakfast also a la carte Quiet atmosphere without shouting If you don't like shows like me, there is a nice band regularly at the pool bar. The pools are large, well maintained and surrounded by plenty of sunbeds, so we never had to worry about finding a spot. Whether you want to relax by the pool, enjoy a gourmet dinner or indulge in top-notch entertainment, this hotel has it all. The service, rooms, facility, pool and food were excellent. We stayed in the first rooms that opened to the pool. A very good hotel in terms of gastronomy, the food is very tasty, I would especially like to point out that the beach and swimming pools are the best in the region. The sea is very beautiful and the pools are very large. The clerk at the top of the water park was very honest and kind. The water was warm and clean. The hotel has its own water slide on the property. Turquoise water, champagne and a luxurious villa with the scent of Bvlgari all around was heaven. The cats may be fed, their water refreshed and their surroundings cleaned every day, but the number of cats in that cat house is too much for the place. The water in the pools, especially in the children's section, is quite cold, while the sea is noticeably warmer in comparison. Even the rooms facing the lagoon pool remained unused because the water temperature was too cold. The beach is also a pleasant place, with clear water and plenty of space to relax. The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the water park in the pool is small but quite exciting. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. Numerous activities are available for both adults and children, including tennis courts, darts, water cycling and various afternoon and evening shows. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. Lots of good activities, nice water parks and pools, clean rooms and facilities, delicious variety of food and desserts. It's great to have a huge water park for kids. Although it was a family hotel, there was not much noise, with the number of restaurants and swimming pools, but the activities and animation were not very lively. We were a group of 5 adults with some elderly people and really appreciated the transfer from our garden to the swimming pool to the beach. A very good hotel in terms of gastronomy, the food is very tasty, I would especially like to point out that the beach and swimming pools are the best in the region. Many pools, bars (all up bars), staff are always poolside on roller skates to bring you anything. - I think attention should be paid to cleaning the interior walls of the bar in the pool area, where the stalls are located. - The garden/pool areas are absolutely beautiful - The service is superb - The food is really good. The surrounding hotels pack them in like sardines, and this is not the case at all, there are plenty of sunbeds, a private dock and pool facilities. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.2
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 86
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Another thing, the price of buying something in the hotel shop is terrible, everything is too expensive, I had problems with the charger and they charged me 35 euros for the charger, we went to the supermarket to buy sun cream because it was very expensive to the hotel, another thing , taxis are really expensive, never take yellow taxis, book online, we paid £45 for 15 minutes from the hotel to the airport. Comment: It takes 20-25 minutes by taxi to the airport and costs around 20 euros. Comment: Convenient location of the hotel with a minimum distance from the airport of only 10 km. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! The location of the hotel is excellent, as the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the complex.|Hotel… 49. Starting with the location (20 minutes from the airport) and down to the details in the villas themselves. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was the closest facility to the airport in Antalya. The location of the hotel is excellent, because the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the area. The proximity to the airport is great as it's a short transfer without being disturbed by aircraft noise. Another thing, the price of buying something in the hotel shop is terrible, everything is too expensive, I had problems with the charger and they charged me 35 euros for the charger, we went to the supermarket to buy sun cream because it was very expensive to the hotel, another thing , taxis are really expensive, never take yellow taxis, book online, we paid £45 for 15 minutes from the hotel to the airport. Comment: It takes 20-25 minutes by taxi to the airport and costs around 20 euros. It's a pity that there is no shuttle, but among the resort complexes, it is closer to the airport. This is a hotel I met on a business trip, but I definitely want to come back with my family. I am glad to have you, Best regards, Busra Musluk. I think they are trained for this word. My husband and I both went to yoga sessions and trained with them one on one. I trained with Marie. I have been a trainer myself for 15 years and she delighted me with her knowledge and enthusiasm. Comment: The location of the hotel is good but the sea was always rough (August 2024) and unfortunately I lost my glasses unknowingly as I have never seen such waves before. We didn't ask to move to a closer location, but I think it would be nicer to think about such things in advance. When we said that we have never encountered this problem in other hotels we stayed at the same Lara location, they gave us detan and spray for the room. Comment: Convenient location of the hotel with a minimum distance from the airport of only 10 km. it's the first hotel on Lara beach and the location is perfect as it offers an amazing view of the sunrise and sunset.. I showed it to my grandchildren and drew their attention to the selection of compositions in each location. The location of the hotel is excellent, as the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the complex.|Hotel… 49. The pools are beautiful and the beach location is perfect. they didn't look five star - location quite remote and not much to see - not possible to book ala carte restaurants before arrival. The location was also very nice. Starting with the location (20 minutes from the airport) and down to the details in the villas themselves. Comment: We had the opportunity to stay for a week in this beautiful hotel, excellent service and perfect location. The location of the hotel is excellent, because the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the area. Comment: Convenient location of the hotel with a minimum distance from the airport of only 10 km. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! Another downside was the lack of beach bar food options, with the only nearby restaurant, the daytime burger joint (Kirpi), only open from 12:30pm to 3pm. I would never want anyone to spend money on this hotel and I'm sure there are much better options nearby. The rooms were visually very successful with their arrangement and cleanliness, but I don't know if it's because of the central air conditioning, but it created difficulties for us in adjusting the interior. When we reported the situation to the authorities the next day, they replied "You are in the green area, that is completely normal". I also didn't wander outside so I can't comment on the area itself. What I like most about the hotel is that they have separate smoking and non-smoking areas outside. Comment: Excellent Barut hotel with many restaurants, including an outdoor area. What we like most is that there are smoking and non-smoking areas in the open areas and that all kinds of facilities for people with disabilities have been considered. - I think attention should be paid to cleaning the interior walls of the bar in the pool area, where the stalls are located. - Toilets on the beach, as well as toilets near the pool, are areas with a high frequency of use. also compared to other hotels in Lara Beach, this hotel is located in a much quieter, secluded area which gives it a luxurious feel.. In general, rooms and common areas are clean. - The garden/pool areas are absolutely beautiful - The service is superb - The food is really good. The only downside was that when going to the rooms in the lagoon area, there was no air conditioning, including the elevators, so the hot weather was very oppressive. The green area of ​​the hotel was very nice. Comment: A first-class hotel with beautiful green areas. The location of the hotel is excellent, because the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the area. I have to highlight the Pavillon area, which is an absolute dream with butler service and food service for lunch from the restaurant. Even plain chicken or simple pasta was delicious here… Only one thing to mention or take action from the gardener is the small flies/mosquitoes outside the over 16 dining area but surely there is already some action on that. I would especially like to acknowledge the staff working in the barbeque areas of the restaurants and outdoor areas of the hotel. Many children's areas for socializing. Comment: It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, large hotel area, lush gardens, deep blue sea and quality food and drinks. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in every area. Since it has a large area, you can easily create a space for yourself. Comment: I stayed 4 days in this area for the first time and the hotel service was really great cuisine, super tasty staff, it was really good, good smile, the hotel was really clean. Then when I asked for a change, it was taken care of immediately and replaced with new sheets, but when I lifted the sheet, there was a lot of hair and dirt on the pad under the mattress, which I wouldn't want. Due to my visit to my friends who were doing some hotel renovation work, I got a feedback from Google asking what you think about this place. In fact, I can say that this is the worst place in the hotel. When you come to the front of the house from the beautifully decorated entrance, you see that a place like a low warehouse does not fulfill its full meaning, no matter how much you create a space for play and rest for those souls. The cats may be fed, their water refreshed and their surroundings cleaned every day, but the number of cats in that cat house is too much for the place. The beach is great, but I think this was the dirtiest place. During our visit, we encountered significant inconvenience regarding the photography taking place on the premises. It would be better to allow even one booking earlier Leaving this aside, the place is worth a visit! This place is different. The raw materials are good, the placement is nice and generally well made. In comparison: Caribbean cruise ships are generally considered good but this place is much better I totally recommend booking a pavilion, this was 120e a day in October but worth every penny. Do not place towels. Everywhere in the hotel there were places intended for children. The hotel is very well positioned, with many and frequent places for needs such as eating, drinking and resting. I would rate this place more than 5 stars. Everything in this place is designed to the smallest detail. Comment: First I'll start with the poor customer service this place has to offer. They show incredible sensitivity even to the smallest details, the satisfaction of the guests is definitely in the first place, the kitchen is of high quality, the rooms are very beautiful. Comment: A place where you can't experience the crazy prices of Turkey these days. Comment: It's been my favorite hotel for years, really beautiful place, I feel like home, number one by far, cleanliness, friendliness and great choice of food, with different types of restaurants that really give opportunity for culinary experiences every day, not to mention entertainment, indeed there are many sports. The beach is also a pleasant place, with clear water and plenty of space to relax. All our needs were placed in our room before we arrived (thanks Mr. I think that everything that is delicious here comes from its place. For example, wherever you sit in a bar or restaurant, even in a more secluded place, a waiter or waitress will come by to check if you need anything. The children's club is old and there is no room for adults or a place to change diapers. Show them the place, things like that... The balcony was the perfect place to relax, offering a panoramic view that added an extra layer of relaxation. I have to say everything was perfect, the food is amazing and the little dessert place downstairs you won't be able to resist.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.4
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 69
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: ||The cleanliness is excellent, the room is cleaned every day. The rooms are very spacious and great attention is paid to their cleanliness. The cleanliness of the sinks in the hotel and the cleanliness of the showers are very good. Incredible cleanliness in the surroundings, in the pools, on the beach. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! cleanliness, service in the pavilion, everything is commendable. The rooms were visually very successful with their arrangement and cleanliness, but I don't know if it's because of the central air conditioning, but it created difficulties for us in adjusting the interior. The hotel really deserves 5 stars for both its cleanliness and food. The cleanliness of the rooms was excellent. Comment: It's been my favorite hotel for years, really beautiful place, I feel like home, number one by far, cleanliness, friendliness and great choice of food, with different types of restaurants that really give opportunity for culinary experiences every day, not to mention entertainment, indeed there are many sports. Comment: Hotel layout, cleanliness, food, beverage inventory and beach are really good and sufficient. As someone who has been to many hotels with this concept, I have never seen such service, cleanliness, meticulousness and attention before. The hygiene was very good, everything was clean, the rooms were very spacious. Hygiene is very important! The hygiene was very good, everything was clean, the rooms were very spacious. ||The cleanliness is excellent, the room is cleaned every day. The hotel and grounds are beautiful and extremely clean. The rooms are very spacious and great attention is paid to their cleanliness. The cleanliness of the sinks in the hotel and the cleanliness of the showers are very good. They clean many times during the day. Incredible cleanliness in the surroundings, in the pools, on the beach. The property is beautiful and most importantly clean. The beach was clean with cabanas (for villa guests) and beach beds, towels were available at every corner, beach staff at the bar and around. The water was warm and clean. The rooms are clean, you can go to the sea with a stroller, but it takes 6-7 minutes to walk from the farthest room. I think that children's beds should be cleaned with more care than normal beds and this should definitely be taken into account. Comment: We really liked your hotel, where we stayed for 4 nights last week, we were satisfied, but there are some situations that I would like you to consider: First of all, the hotel is really clean in general. The cats may be fed, their water refreshed and their surroundings cleaned every day, but the number of cats in that cat house is too much for the place. Because a healthy cat is clean and licks itself even if it is on the street. - I think attention should be paid to cleaning the interior walls of the bar in the pool area, where the stalls are located. There must be a cleaning solution. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! cleanliness, service in the pavilion, everything is commendable. Since we arrived at the hotel a little early, we waited for our room to be cleaned, thank you. We were directed to the restaurant when our room was ready, we went to our room and found the rooms clean and spacious (The negative aspect of the hotel is that you check in at 2pm. In general, rooms and common areas are clean. The rooms were visually very successful with their arrangement and cleanliness, but I don't know if it's because of the central air conditioning, but it created difficulties for us in adjusting the interior. The hotel really deserves 5 stars for both its cleanliness and food. The cleanliness of the rooms was excellent. The hotel itself is very well maintained and clean, the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. Lara Barut is the most luxurious, comfortable, clean, all-inclusive concept hotel with superior service that I have ever been to. Ayşe who took care of cleaning our room, our brother Mehmet, the intern in the main restaurant. The room was cleaned every day and completely. Comment: Beautiful resort, clean and detailed. the rooms are small but clean and stocked with all the things you need..they even provided a hair iron with a hair dryer.. Comment: The second holiday in this hotel was again really nice, simply fantastic ||The food was very good and varied ||The rooms were clean and tidy ||The entertainment was excellent and very, very good! Yorum: Imagine that you are always taken care of from the moment you enter and all the staff are friendly, there is no problem, they take care of everything, it is an amazing hotel, it is very clean, you never want to leave the villa, everything is perfect, it was even a pool with… 84. Comment: It's been my favorite hotel for years, really beautiful place, I feel like home, number one by far, cleanliness, friendliness and great choice of food, with different types of restaurants that really give opportunity for culinary experiences every day, not to mention entertainment, indeed there are many sports. The hotel is well maintained, with clean pools and various slides that add a fun element to the stay. The rooms are well equipped, clean, modern and well maintained. The hotel is clean and pleasant and spacious. Comment: The hotel is extremely clean and beautiful. Yasemin, who did the cleaning for us. Everything was excellent, the pools were clean. Comment: Hotel layout, cleanliness, food, beverage inventory and beach are really good and sufficient. The facility and rooms are very clean. Comment: The hotel is excellent, with several options for children, several restaurants, clean, organized, but like everything else it is not perfect, there are only 3 elevators in the main hotel, it takes some time and the elevators are small, sometimes I have to wait for you for a long time to get in, the lifeguards are not friendly, they are on the phone, they don't pay attention to the kids, my son tried to talk to one twice and he just ignored him, the bigger pool was closed 3 times during our stay because some kid had an accident (poop) . Comment: The staff were very friendly and the food was amazing, so many of the restaurants to eat from the rooms were large and the whole resort was very clean and not too crowded. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the water park in the pool is small but quite exciting. Comment: Room cleaning is excellent. The resort itself was spotlessly clean and well maintained. Lots of good activities, nice water parks and pools, clean rooms and facilities, delicious variety of food and desserts. It was spacious, spotlessly clean and had a stunning view of the Mediterranean Sea from our balcony. It's very clean, very quiet, and the a la carte dishes in particular are seriously at Michelin Guide level. As someone who has been to many hotels with this concept, I have never seen such service, cleanliness, meticulousness and attention before. The rooms are excellent: modern, fully equipped (stocked mini bar with drinks and snacks, ironing board, bathrobe, etc.), clean, air conditioning works well and beds... The rooms are very clean. Comment: I stayed 4 days in this area for the first time and the hotel service was really great cuisine, super tasty staff, it was really good, good smile, the hotel was really clean. It's spotlessly clean, the food is amazing.

Kumsal için rating: 8.5
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 69
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: One improvement I would say is that the music in the beach bar/nightclub is quite repetitive and not great for all guests, but overall we had the best holiday, as always! The hotel also gives you a nice beach bag, it was a really sweet surprise. While the sea beach is neglected compared to the pool bars in many hotels, the beach and bar in this hotel, especially the sea side, we never used the pool. First of all, there is the animation coach Funda who makes sports more fun for us, our waiter friend Joy who is always smiling at the beach bar and Furkan who pleases our taste with his special cocktails at the pool bar. It's a shame that employees can't use the hotel's beach on their days off. Langnese ice cream on the beach every day is no problem at no extra cost. Incredible cleanliness in the surroundings, in the pools, on the beach. The beach was clean with cabanas (for villa guests) and beach beds, towels were available at every corner, beach staff at the bar and around. The only negative thing about Turkey in general is that the beaches aren't particularly great. Adult entertainment starts after 9pm and then the fun continues on the beach. The beach is great, but I think this was the dirtiest place. - Toilets on the beach, as well as toilets near the pool, are areas with a high frequency of use. - The beach bar menu and the digital menu were different. it's the first hotel on Lara beach and the location is perfect as it offers an amazing view of the sunrise and sunset.. also compared to other hotels in Lara Beach, this hotel is located in a much quieter, secluded area which gives it a luxurious feel.. if you are looking for the best hotel in Lara Beach.. The beach is quite sandy, but if you enter the sea from the hotel pier, it is perfectly sandy under your feet. Another downside was the lack of beach bar food options, with the only nearby restaurant, the daytime burger joint (Kirpi), only open from 12:30pm to 3pm. The pools are beautiful and the beach location is perfect. The beach is large and private, not crowded like some other resorts.. The iron, shower accessories, beach bags and mini bar products are very good quality and useful. The beach is also a pleasant place, with clear water and plenty of space to relax. The beach is perfect. Comment: Hotel layout, cleanliness, food, beverage inventory and beach are really good and sufficient. Here the entertainer Sarah was very impressed with the beach volleyball and the entertainer with the archery. We were a group of 5 adults with some elderly people and really appreciated the transfer from our garden to the swimming pool to the beach. Furthermore, this hotel is great for small children with lots of simple food like pizza or pasta, and the hotel has links to the beach which allows you to sit and relax in the nice Mediterranean breeze. It features a huge private beach, multiple pools and beautifully manicured gardens, each more stunning than the last. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. The beach is suitable for children. The hotel is very modern and has a beautiful beach. A very good hotel in terms of gastronomy, the food is very tasty, I would especially like to point out that the beach and swimming pools are the best in the region. We especially recommend that you don't leave without eating at Kuiu, Sandal, Tirmis and Turunc restaurants. On the second day we went to the Sandal Ala Carte restaurant. On the first day we chose Sandal restaurant, then we ate at Kulu restaurant and Kunda Hedgehog restaurant. The Hedgehog restaurant on the sand has a barbecue concept for self-catering, on the grass it is absolutely magnificent. The creature left the dregs of everything it ate and drank on the sand next to the deckchair. The beach is quite sandy, but if you enter the sea from the hotel pier, it is perfectly sandy under your feet. We enjoyed lunch at both Sandal A La Carte and Turunc All Day Restaurant and found them to be quite good. The sea is mixed with gravel and sand and does not deepen quickly. The sea was beautiful, sandy and calm. The a la carte restaurant Sandel was particularly good. Even if you move around while sunbathing during the day, the flightless flies stick to you. Comment: The location of the hotel is good but the sea was always rough (August 2024) and unfortunately I lost my glasses unknowingly as I have never seen such waves before. The food is amazing, the seafood buffet night is… 12. While the sea beach is neglected compared to the pool bars in many hotels, the beach and bar in this hotel, especially the sea side, we never used the pool. It's not just about getting bitten and scratched, there's also a mosquito-borne disease. The rooms are clean, you can go to the sea with a stroller, but it takes 6-7 minutes to walk from the farthest room. The sea is magnificent. I especially like the bar by the sea. The hotel campus is quite large; You will not experience crowds with other guests, neither by the pool nor by the sea. When the sea is rough, it can bring extra dirt. The beach is quite sandy, but if you enter the sea from the hotel pier, it is perfectly sandy under your feet. The water in the pools, especially in the children's section, is quite cold, while the sea is noticeably warmer in comparison. The sea is mixed with gravel and sand and does not deepen quickly. I felt at home with the magnificent sea view, comfortable rooms and friendly staff. Instead, I was very pleased with the seats that didn't require reservations and the buffet, and the general staff was very friendly. There is not much to say about the hotel, so many details are taken into account that your needs are also taken into account, I wondered what kind of experience Barut hotels have to make everything so successful, and I researched it. We researched and chose this hotel as a good one. The sea was beautiful, sandy and calm. My husband has a knee injury and Theo has been researching how to get him dressed in the best possible gear. The check-in process was seamless and quick, with attentive staff offering all the necessary information about the hotel's facilities. Hotel room Our room was a Deluxe room with a partial view of the seats. It was spacious, spotlessly clean and had a stunning view of the Mediterranean Sea from our balcony. Fresh seafood and beautifully presented desserts stand out! Comment: It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, large hotel area, lush gardens, deep blue sea and quality food and drinks. I would like to thank the entire Lara Barut Collection family for making the organization run so seamlessly. The sea is very beautiful and the pools are very large. Comment: The location of the hotel is good but the sea was always rough (August 2024) and unfortunately I lost my glasses unknowingly as I have never seen such waves before.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 9.0
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 31
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: ENDER from the spa department and… 96. In addition, I would like to thank AHMET, the SPA manager, for his role in organizing our sessions and recommending treatments that best suit our needs. What is true for the SPA is true throughout the hotel. But I really want to give a shout out and thank the spa staff. For those looking for a little more relaxation, the spa was an oasis of peace. We were introduced to a follow-up massage after the first one at the spa 😂 it was a bit expensive for a spa package, but we are happy to repeat it as we had an amazing experience that left us feeling refreshed from the first. Comment: The hotel offers a luxurious ambience, excellent food, lots of space, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent, dedicated staff, one of the best wellness/spa centers with excellent massages. Wellness is also recommended. Comment: This hotel has really good service, the top management has thought through everything in detail, the room facilities, sauna, hammam, billiards, jacuzzi, massage tables (although these tables are not very comfortable for me), the beds also leave a lot to be desired, but are... Comment: The hotel offers a luxurious ambience, excellent food, lots of space, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent, dedicated staff, one of the best wellness/spa centers with excellent massages. You should definitely get a massage and spa. We enjoyed several sessions of scrubs and massages at the SPA. We indulged in a traditional Turkish bath (hammam) followed by a massage. We were introduced to a follow-up massage after the first one at the spa 😂 it was a bit expensive for a spa package, but we are happy to repeat it as we had an amazing experience that left us feeling refreshed from the first. Comment: This hotel has really good service, the top management has thought through everything in detail, the room facilities, sauna, hammam, billiards, jacuzzi, massage tables (although these tables are not very comfortable for me), the beds also leave a lot to be desired, but are... Sauna, hammam, billiards, equipment... To complete the facilities section, I must mention the SPA: it has a large Turkish bath, two saunas (one mixed and one for women), a steam hammam and an ice fountain - all available daily from 9am to 8pm. Comment: This hotel offers a wide range of activities and relaxation for all members of the family Perfect for a family holiday, there is something for everyone. Lara Barut provides a nice balance of relaxation and fun, and the slides add extra fun. The balcony was the perfect place to relax, offering a panoramic view that added an extra layer of relaxation. For those looking for a little more relaxation, the spa was an oasis of peace. In addition, I would like to thank AHMET, the SPA manager, for his role in organizing our sessions and recommending treatments that best suit our needs. Somehow I managed to pass the trip after the Turkish bath treatment. Because a healthy cat is clean and licks itself even if it is on the street. The website I said ok and I visited their website but it turned out that I had to re-enter all my information from my 25 years of professional life, while many hotels have formats to send a resume prepared as a template without wasting time, the fact that there are no such hotel chains is, of course, a special question mark, maybe my daughter, who is an architect, will be in Barut, the hotel chains are almost finished before it even started for us, what can I say, good health.. Comment: This hotel has really good service, the top management has thought through everything in detail, the room facilities, sauna, hammam, billiards, jacuzzi, massage tables (although these tables are not very comfortable for me), the beds also leave a lot to be desired, but are... Sauna, hammam, billiards, equipment... To complete the facilities section, I must mention the SPA: it has a large Turkish bath, two saunas (one mixed and one for women), a steam hammam and an ice fountain - all available daily from 9am to 8pm. We indulged in a traditional Turkish bath (hammam) followed by a massage. Comment: This hotel has really good service, the top management has thought through everything in detail, the room facilities, sauna, hammam, billiards, jacuzzi, massage tables (although these tables are not very comfortable for me), the beds also leave a lot to be desired, but are... It had a steamy Turkish bath and a jacuzzi on the balcony.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 8.9
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 12
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: wait, this is the Lara Barut Collection, so of course you're going to go there to do many, many things during your vacation.||OK, so besides eating, drinking, seeing a show, partying, enjoying the pools,… 28. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. The events were nice, but I think the live music should be increased. There were also dance and music performances for adults. One improvement I would say is that the music in the beach bar/nightclub is quite repetitive and not great for all guests, but overall we had the best holiday, as always! Turkish music is not included in the entertainment events. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. Whether it was live music, theater performances or theme nights, there was always something to enjoy. Comment: It's hard to talk about the Lara Barut Collection experience because there aren't enough adjectives to describe the extraordinary beauty of this resort.||We are a family of frequent travelers and love the concept of an all-inclusive resort as a model for a great relaxing vacation in… 25. The rooms were visually very successful with their arrangement and cleanliness, but I don't know if it's because of the central air conditioning, but it created difficulties for us in adjusting the interior. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. have this start at 10.00/10.30 or so and adjust it… for example, that a group can book two trips through the assistant.

Spor Alanları için rating: 8.5
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 10
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: A spacious facility that leaves nothing to be desired in terms of different room categories, as well as 9 a la carte restaurants and professionally designed sports facilities are what characterize this hotel. When I tried to enter the gym at 11am, I was informed by the photography team staff that I would have to wait an hour due to their session in progress, which included a photo shoot of a model on a treadmill that I had no intention of using. It was disappointing to find that the gym is not available during peak times, especially for families with children who may have limited time to exercise. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. Numerous activities are available for both adults and children, including tennis courts, darts, water cycling and various afternoon and evening shows. Good entertainment is also provided, there are many activities such as archery, air pistol, darts, tennis or bocce. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. Comment: The hotel offers a luxurious ambience, excellent food, lots of space, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent, dedicated staff, one of the best wellness/spa centers with excellent massages. Wellness is also recommended.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 9.6
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 10
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The evening shows are delicious. They bring a great level of energy to the daytime activities and evening shows, making the whole experience more interesting. Numerous activities are available for both adults and children, including tennis courts, darts, water cycling and various afternoon and evening shows. The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. Entertainment Entertainment was superb, with daytime activities and evening shows to suit all tastes. The events were nice, but I think the live music should be increased. Whether it was live music, theater performances or theme nights, there was always something to enjoy. There were also dance and music performances for adults. The performances were amazing, I say that as a formal theater professional, so it's hard to impress me. Whether it was live music, theater performances or theme nights, there was always something to enjoy.

Balayı için rating: 8.9
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 10
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: We chose the Lara Barut hotel for our honeymoon. When asked about the reason for the upgrade they said we want you to be happy and have an amazing honeymoon and we sure did! Comment: My wife and I had an amazing honeymoon here. Comment: It was the hotel we chose for our honeymoon. We had a deluxe room with a beautiful view of the pool in the courtyard, which created a very romantic and pleasant atmosphere in the evening. The service is impeccable, the rooms with private access to the pool, fantastic. The beach is large and private, not crowded like some other resorts.. The surrounding hotels pack them in like sardines, and this is not the case at all, there are plenty of sunbeds, a private dock and pool facilities. We had a room with private access to the pool - total waste of everything! It features a huge private beach, multiple pools and beautifully manicured gardens, each more stunning than the last.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 10.0
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: highly recommended for families or couples or even solo travel.. Comment: Lara Barut offers a well-rounded experience that caters to both families and couples. Adult entertainment starts after 9pm and then the fun continues on the beach. Comment: This hotel offers a wide range of activities and relaxation for all members of the family Perfect for a family holiday, there is something for everyone. Lara Barut provides a nice balance of relaxation and fun, and the slides add extra fun. The balcony was the perfect place to relax, offering a panoramic view that added an extra layer of relaxation. For those looking for a little more relaxation, the spa was an oasis of peace.

Özel Menü için rating: 7.9
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: The vegan/vegetarian corner was an added plus! also a large vegan buffet. As a vegan, I have always been given so many options. The vegan/vegetarian corner was an added plus! We especially enjoyed the meals at the Turkish restaurant and the outdoor grill where you cook your own food! The main restaurant offers a buffet for all meals - breakfast, lunch and dinner - with a varied and delicious menu that changes the theme daily. (Combination of getting up too fast, napping at 40 degrees, missing meals....

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 9.4
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Then when I asked for a change, it was taken care of immediately and replaced with new sheets, but when I lifted the sheet, there was a lot of hair and dirt on the pad under the mattress, which I wouldn't want. Comment: This hotel offers a wide range of activities and relaxation for all members of the family Perfect for a family holiday, there is something for everyone. Lara Barut provides a nice balance of relaxation and fun, and the slides add extra fun. The balcony was the perfect place to relax, offering a panoramic view that added an extra layer of relaxation. For those looking for a little more relaxation, the spa was an oasis of peace. The sea was beautiful, sandy and calm.

Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için rating: 10.0
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: We saw 2-3 free-ranging, beautiful cats outside, naturally hungry and not sterile (I'm commenting on this as a family with cats and dogs). The cats may be fed, their water refreshed and their surroundings cleaned every day, but the number of cats in that cat house is too much for the place. It is also stated that the cats are under veterinary control and sterilized, but we believe that the number of patients is high. We saw 2-3 free-ranging, beautiful cats outside, naturally hungry and not sterile (I'm commenting on this as a family with cats and dogs).

