Otel İsmi: Limak Lara Deluxe Hotel Resort

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.5
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 211
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: 3-You are being tested on service quality by inexperienced waiters. The service quality is very very good. Comment: The hotel was truly magnificent in terms of food and service quality. Everything is perfect especially the staff. All the staff are very friendly and solution-oriented from the moment you enter. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel, our holiday was great, there was a fun animation team and evening shows, great cocktails and quality alcohol, plenty of appetizers and salads in the Revan snack, delicious pitas and great gözleme, the service staff is doing their job very well, all the staff are smiling, thank you to everyone 11. We are very pleased, the staff is excellent and very attentive. All the staff are friendly. The rooms, the cleanliness, the warmth of the staff (especially thanks to the waiter Emir), the attention and interest were amazing from the very beginning... Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: One of the most beautiful hotels for me, the staff is respectful. Guest relations and reception staff were helpful. From the bar to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, every employee is friendly, smiling and helpful. The staff at Sakura Patisserie are especially wonderful, thank you to everyone. Comment: I would like to thank the reception staff who helped us when we arrived at the hotel. We did not encounter any problems with the staff and service, but as stated in the comments, the staff does not have that exaggerated interest and smiling face. The hotel needs to get rid of bar staff, especially those like Burak Bey, who mistakes Vodka for Tequila. Comment: One of the most beautiful hotels for me, the staff is respectful. Comment: Hotel Limak Lara is a perfect hotel to relax, service is nice and fast, food is varied, alcohol is quality, staff is friendly, Entertainment team helped to make our holiday great and it was very good. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. Comment: I had a nice holiday at the hotel, the staff was very polite, the service was fast and of high quality, the alcohol, the coffees were delicious, spending time in the bars was enjoyable, the dart game at the Laila bar was very entertaining, the variety and taste of the food was sufficient for us, our room was cleaned regularly, thank you to everyone 37. The only disadvantage is that there are some staff working in the restaurant section, but not all of them. There are staff who pass by without even answering when we ask for something. On the contrary, some staff are friendly and helpful. The animators and kidsclub staff were very attentive. Special thanks to the restaurant staff, the food was delicious... Comment: My thoughts for Limak Lara Hotel are extremely positive 💯 I would like to thank all the hotel staff who never stopped smiling from the day we checked in to the day we checked out in August with my positive family, everything was within the framework of respect and love, the food was super delicious and had a very wide menu, I have nothing to say about the room we stayed in because I can say that I felt at home with the view, the size of the room, I think she was the favorite lady from guest relations, even if I wrote her name wrong 🙏 she made us have a wonderful day that we can't forget, I thanked her very much on our last day of accommodation, I didn't forget, I had to write this 🙂 We hope we can spend our holiday at Limak Hotel again. First of all, the hotel does not provide service at a level that deserves its price in terms of price performance, especially in terms of food quality and staff attention. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. Gamze Kurtboğan, and all the staff, especially the lifeguard Ms. Thanks to the hotel staff who worked really hard and got really tired. Maybe the number of staff could be increased, because they are working breathlessly to meet everyone's requests in the all-inclusive concept. All the staff, bartenders and waiters are attentive and friendly. Cleanliness, friendly staff, attitude towards Turks is great. All the hotel staff were very nice, friendly and helpful. Hotel restaurants and bars are clean, quality drinks are good, hardworking staff, well taken care of. The pool, beach garden, was very clean and the staff was attentive. Despite the heat, while we were having a hard time moving, the animation staff was always active, the others were skaters, and those at the dinner table, well done to all of them. The staff was super helpful. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. We thank him and all the hotel staff. The staff is friendly and attentive, its only rival could be another Limak hotel. The staff is friendly and attentive. Comment: I would like to thank the reception staff and the friendly Bellboy team who did their best to help us when we entered the hotel. STAFF was very good. We were very pleased with the friendly staff and their attention to detail. The friendliness and attention of the staff was truly wonderful. On this occasion, I would like to thank the reception manager Şakir Bey for his attention, care, courtesy, devotion and sincerity in seeing us off; Erol Bey from the waiter team for his quickness, communication and courtesy with our children; the ladies who are the symbol of the devotion of our Anatolian people who make omelets, gözleme and börek by the stove in the breakfast section in addition to the heat of the weather; for their delicious hands; the staff who clean our rooms; and each and every employee whose name I cannot mention but who contributes to the operation of the hotel. All the staff were friendly, polite and attentive. I would especially like to thank the Chief of Staff, Ms. Thank you to the animation staff and the lovely Limak family… 76. tasteless, sloppy pitas...) @The staff is insufficient, when you want to get a drink it takes at least 10 minutes. @The hotel is very crowded and there are not enough sunbeds; people leave their towels on the sunbeds and leave, no one comes until the evening, there is no staff to follow up. Mini club staff is friendly and warm. The hotel staff was very attentive, friendly and helpful, and they did their jobs well. Comment: Being close to the airport is a great advantage, a la carte services and food are great, service at the bars was very fast, thank you to all the staff, see you again. The staff doesn't even know what they are doing. The number of staff is so low that one person does several jobs at the same time. The staff and bars were good, we sat mostly on the beach. Comment: All the hotel staff are very, very attentive; As soon as we arrived at the hotel, even though we arrived early and were 3 families, our rooms were immediately arranged and information about the hotel was given. We will definitely choose this place again, especially with the variety of food, the variety and taste of Turkish and Far Eastern cuisine, and the attention of the staff. Comment: The hotel is generally very nice, the food is of high quality and carefully prepared, the pools are clean and hygienic, the bars have a very diverse and rich alcohol menu, the animation is very rich both in terms of staff and shows, but I would especially like to thank Göktuğ Bey from guest relations. All the staff were hardworking and friendly. There may not be enough staff. The staff was friendly. Especially the service staff in the kitchen and bar were all great, polite, fast and smiling people. The staff is very nice, friendly and hard-working. All the staff were friendly, polite and attentive. We especially liked the fruit and water that the staff gave us as a snack when we left the hotel. The only positive thing I can say is that the staff was friendly and the hotel was clean. All the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, the food (especially the grills) is great, the cleaning -including the common areas- is very good... Cleanliness, friendly staff, attitude towards Turks is great. We were very pleased with the friendly staff and their attention to detail. The waiters were always smiling and helpful. I would also like to thank the receptionist who was helpful in assigning the room. Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: We were pleased with everything, there were delicious meals, our room was clean, the cocktails were delicious and high quality, drinking coffee at the lobby bar was very enjoyable, the hotel area is wide and the pools are big, we were greeted nicely at the reception entrance and they were helpful, thank you to everyone. Guest relations and reception staff were helpful. From the bar to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, every employee is friendly, smiling and helpful. On the contrary, some staff are friendly and helpful. Reception and guest relations were always helpful to us. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. He was friendly and helpful. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. All the hotel staff were very nice, friendly and helpful. The staff was super helpful. Comment: I will evaluate the time I spent at your hotel, it really was my best holiday experience, great food, fast service, everyone is very polite and smiling, helpful, thank you for everything 70. The hotel staff was very attentive, friendly and helpful, and they did their jobs well. Miss Gizem was very helpful to us, she was friendly and helpful, her conversation and help with our girls was very good. All the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, the food (especially the grills) is great, the cleaning -including the common areas- is very good... Everything is perfect especially the staff. All the staff are very friendly and solution-oriented from the moment you enter. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel, our holiday was great, there was a fun animation team and evening shows, great cocktails and quality alcohol, plenty of appetizers and salads in the Revan snack, delicious pitas and great gözleme, the service staff is doing their job very well, all the staff are smiling, thank you to everyone 11. We are very pleased, the staff is excellent and very attentive. All the staff are friendly. The rooms, the cleanliness, the warmth of the staff (especially thanks to the waiter Emir), the attention and interest were amazing from the very beginning... Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: One of the most beautiful hotels for me, the staff is respectful. Guest relations and reception staff were helpful. From the bar to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, every employee is friendly, smiling and helpful. The staff at Sakura Patisserie are especially wonderful, thank you to everyone. Comment: I would like to thank the reception staff who helped us when we arrived at the hotel. We did not encounter any problems with the staff and service, but as stated in the comments, the staff does not have that exaggerated interest and smiling face. The hotel needs to get rid of bar staff, especially those like Burak Bey, who mistakes Vodka for Tequila. Comment: One of the most beautiful hotels for me, the staff is respectful. Comment: Hotel Limak Lara is a perfect hotel to relax, service is nice and fast, food is varied, alcohol is quality, staff is friendly, Entertainment team helped to make our holiday great and it was very good. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. Comment: I had a nice holiday at the hotel, the staff was very polite, the service was fast and of high quality, the alcohol, the coffees were delicious, spending time in the bars was enjoyable, the dart game at the Laila bar was very entertaining, the variety and taste of the food was sufficient for us, our room was cleaned regularly, thank you to everyone 37. The only disadvantage is that there are some staff working in the restaurant section, but not all of them. There are staff who pass by without even answering when we ask for something. On the contrary, some staff are friendly and helpful. The animators and kidsclub staff were very attentive. Special thanks to the restaurant staff, the food was delicious... Comment: My thoughts for Limak Lara Hotel are extremely positive 💯 I would like to thank all the hotel staff who never stopped smiling from the day we checked in to the day we checked out in August with my positive family, everything was within the framework of respect and love, the food was super delicious and had a very wide menu, I have nothing to say about the room we stayed in because I can say that I felt at home with the view, the size of the room, I think she was the favorite lady from guest relations, even if I wrote her name wrong 🙏 she made us have a wonderful day that we can't forget, I thanked her very much on our last day of accommodation, I didn't forget, I had to write this 🙂 We hope we can spend our holiday at Limak Hotel again. First of all, the hotel does not provide service at a level that deserves its price in terms of price performance, especially in terms of food quality and staff attention. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. Gamze Kurtboğan, and all the staff, especially the lifeguard Ms. Thanks to the hotel staff who worked really hard and got really tired. Maybe the number of staff could be increased, because they are working breathlessly to meet everyone's requests in the all-inclusive concept. All the staff, bartenders and waiters are attentive and friendly. Cleanliness, friendly staff, attitude towards Turks is great. All the hotel staff were very nice, friendly and helpful. Hotel restaurants and bars are clean, quality drinks are good, hardworking staff, well taken care of. The pool, beach garden, was very clean and the staff was attentive. Despite the heat, while we were having a hard time moving, the animation staff was always active, the others were skaters, and those at the dinner table, well done to all of them. The staff was super helpful. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. We thank him and all the hotel staff. The staff is friendly and attentive, its only rival could be another Limak hotel. The staff is friendly and attentive. Comment: I would like to thank the reception staff and the friendly Bellboy team who did their best to help us when we entered the hotel. STAFF was very good. We were very pleased with the friendly staff and their attention to detail. The friendliness and attention of the staff was truly wonderful. On this occasion, I would like to thank the reception manager Şakir Bey for his attention, care, courtesy, devotion and sincerity in seeing us off; Erol Bey from the waiter team for his quickness, communication and courtesy with our children; the ladies who are the symbol of the devotion of our Anatolian people who make omelets, gözleme and börek by the stove in the breakfast section in addition to the heat of the weather; for their delicious hands; the staff who clean our rooms; and each and every employee whose name I cannot mention but who contributes to the operation of the hotel. All the staff were friendly, polite and attentive. I would especially like to thank the Chief of Staff, Ms. Thank you to the animation staff and the lovely Limak family… 76. tasteless, sloppy pitas...) @The staff is insufficient, when you want to get a drink it takes at least 10 minutes. @The hotel is very crowded and there are not enough sunbeds; people leave their towels on the sunbeds and leave, no one comes until the evening, there is no staff to follow up. Mini club staff is friendly and warm. The hotel staff was very attentive, friendly and helpful, and they did their jobs well. Comment: Being close to the airport is a great advantage, a la carte services and food are great, service at the bars was very fast, thank you to all the staff, see you again. The staff doesn't even know what they are doing. The number of staff is so low that one person does several jobs at the same time. The staff and bars were good, we sat mostly on the beach. Comment: All the hotel staff are very, very attentive; As soon as we arrived at the hotel, even though we arrived early and were 3 families, our rooms were immediately arranged and information about the hotel was given. We will definitely choose this place again, especially with the variety of food, the variety and taste of Turkish and Far Eastern cuisine, and the attention of the staff. Comment: The hotel is generally very nice, the food is of high quality and carefully prepared, the pools are clean and hygienic, the bars have a very diverse and rich alcohol menu, the animation is very rich both in terms of staff and shows, but I would especially like to thank Göktuğ Bey from guest relations. All the staff were hardworking and friendly. There may not be enough staff. The staff was friendly. Especially the service staff in the kitchen and bar were all great, polite, fast and smiling people. The staff is very nice, friendly and hard-working. All the staff were friendly, polite and attentive. We especially liked the fruit and water that the staff gave us as a snack when we left the hotel. The only positive thing I can say is that the staff was friendly and the hotel was clean. All the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, the food (especially the grills) is great, the cleaning -including the common areas- is very good... 3-You are being tested on service quality by inexperienced waiters. But in this hotel, the quality of service is offered with a circle of reasons. Room quality 3/5 Food 2/5 (in terms of product quality) Pool beach 3/5 Animation entertainment 1/5 Service Service 1/5 As a result, once again, on my behalf, Limak group has lost me and the people I recommended. Comment: The service at the bars is excellent, especially the lobby bar is very good. The service was very good. The service is very successful, all the waiters and bartenders are working very hard 9. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel, our holiday was great, there was a fun animation team and evening shows, great cocktails and quality alcohol, plenty of appetizers and salads in the Revan snack, delicious pitas and great gözleme, the service staff is doing their job very well, all the staff are smiling, thank you to everyone 11. Comment: The hotel is great, the service is super. Pavilion service was great. The service is very good and very fast. Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel and the service, rich food, quality service, variety of cocktails and alcohol, a large hotel area and pools were enough for us. The service at the bar was very good. Comment: The hotel was great, thank you to everyone, the service speed and waiters were great, the food was delicious and varied, the evening buffet was plentiful and delicious with olive oil appetizers, the cocktails in the bars were delicious, the hotel truly offers a quality holiday service 21. Cleaning service everything was perfect. The service was very good. The service is very successful, all the waiters and bartenders are working very hard, but especially Mr. Comment: Everything was good, we were satisfied, our expectations were met, various and delicious food, clean room, large pool area, quality alcohol and fast service, we are leaving happily on 29. We did not encounter any problems with the staff and service, but as stated in the comments, the staff does not have that exaggerated interest and smiling face. Special thanks to Gökhan Bey and Emre İpçi Bey at the restaurant for their service. The service at the bar was very good. Comment: Hotel Limak Lara is a perfect hotel to relax, service is nice and fast, food is varied, alcohol is quality, staff is friendly, Entertainment team helped to make our holiday great and it was very good. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. Comment: I had a nice holiday at the hotel, the staff was very polite, the service was fast and of high quality, the alcohol, the coffees were delicious, spending time in the bars was enjoyable, the dart game at the Laila bar was very entertaining, the variety and taste of the food was sufficient for us, our room was cleaned regularly, thank you to everyone 37. Every employee must provide service to the same standards and care. The service is excellent. I would like to thank each and every one of the managers and waiters who contributed to this wonderful holiday with their service from arrival to departure. I would also like to thank my sister Ferda, who made us extremely satisfied with her service. First of all, the hotel does not provide service at a level that deserves its price in terms of price performance, especially in terms of food quality and staff attention. The hotel provides services as a Delux, but the food quality and content are at the level of a more mediocre hotel. If I had gone to a more affordable hotel, I might not have minded this detail so much, but I would have expected much better service from a higher priced hotel. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. Comment: The food, breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks are excellent, in my opinion, all food services are of a la carte quality. We would like to thank the general manager of the hotel, the guest services manager Ms. The service personnel was hardworking and friendly. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. Service bars were very good. The service quality is very very good. My room service drinks were good and of good quality. The rooms were clean, the food was great, the service was great. Comment: I will evaluate the time I spent at your hotel, it really was my best holiday experience, great food, fast service, everyone is very polite and smiling, helpful, thank you for everything 70. During our stay, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel and the quality of products and services. Nadire, for her interest and service. Comment: The hotel was truly magnificent in terms of food and service quality. Comment: Being close to the airport is a great advantage, a la carte services and food are great, service at the bars was very fast, thank you to all the staff, see you again. If you are expecting a quality hotel, quality service and good food, you are in the wrong place. Service restaurants and bars are not very crowded. At the hotel's pool bar, Murat Bey and other friends, at the entrance, guest rilation, Mesut Bey, Enisa Hanım, from the cook in the restaurant to the service personnel, everyone was friendly, smiling and attentive. Ramazan at the Lobby Bar for the service he provided. He offers his service to his guests with his smiling face and gentlemanliness. The number of employees is sufficient, the service is fast and the employees are friendly. Considering the service it offers in terms of price, I think it is at a high level, but weak in terms of price performance. Especially the service staff in the kitchen and bar were all great, polite, fast and smiling people.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 9.0
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 94
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Aqua park is very inadequate.. There is an aqua park suitable for all ages. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. The aqua park is simple. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. Comment: The hotel is very nice in terms of pool, slide and food. We went as a group and the kids had a great time with lots of activities, kids pools and slides. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. Only the slides could be bigger. It is very enjoyable to play darts, survivor and pool games during the day. The pools are big and clean and the pool games are great fun and nice. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. Room quality 3/5 Food 2/5 (in terms of product quality) Pool beach 3/5 Animation entertainment 1/5 Service Service 1/5 As a result, once again, on my behalf, Limak group has lost me and the people I recommended. Comment: The hotel location is good, the pools are sufficient. Since I stayed at the end of September, the pools were quite quiet. In general, the hotel is nice, the pools are very good, the food could be more diverse than this hotel. There are many pools and no shortage of sun loungers. (only Esra Capar is one of those who does this job justice) There could have been more poolside events and tournaments. A hotel with large pools and aqua, everything is well thought out 14. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel and the service, rich food, quality service, variety of cocktails and alcohol, a large hotel area and pools were enough for us. The pools are big. Comment: We were pleased with everything, there were delicious meals, our room was clean, the cocktails were delicious and high quality, drinking coffee at the lobby bar was very enjoyable, the hotel area is wide and the pools are big, we were greeted nicely at the reception entrance and they were helpful, thank you to everyone. Comment: The hotel was perfect for us, rich menus and delicious food, rooms are clean and spacious, the hotel area is spacious with a large pool area, there are bars everywhere, drinking coffee at the lobby bar and eating dessert at the sakura patisserie were our greatest pleasure. The rooms were nice and the pools were adequate, but the deepest pool was 140cm, which upset me a bit. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. It is very enjoyable to play darts, survivor and pool games during the day. Comment: Everything was good, we were satisfied, our expectations were met, various and delicious food, clean room, large pool area, quality alcohol and fast service, we are leaving happily on 29. The pools were good, the lifeguard Mr. The number of pools is sufficient and clean. Pool: Houses with pools are very successful, you go straight down to the pool and it cools down. The other pools were very large, the filter system of one pool that did not work for the first few days discolored it and it was not beautiful for 3 days. Pool entertainment was also adequate. Comment: The hotel is very nice in terms of pool, slide and food. The pools were quite adequate and tidy. It is a hotel with large pools and aqua, everything has been well thought out. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. Comment: There was a large pool area, the rooms were clean, the waiters were serving quickly, we loved the skater waiters, the important part for us was the food, from the main course to the cold dishes, the desserts were perfect, thank you to everyone 49. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. The pools are clean and sufficient in number. We went as a group and the kids had a great time with lots of activities, kids pools and slides. (I specifically looked up the name but unfortunately I forgot it) The pools, activities, evening entertainment, drinks and cocktails met my expectations. It's okay if it's not the one by the pool. Nothing can be eaten by the pool. Pools are clean, food is delicious, quality products are used, it is obvious. The pools are big and clean and the pool games are great fun and nice. The pool, beach garden, was very clean and the staff was attentive. There were active games for children, and there were adult games in the pool every day. A poolside children's festival was established. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. There were enough pools and it was quiet because it was October. The only point we were not satisfied with was that the pools were extremely hot and there was no icing like in a spa. The shaded pools were nice though. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. Animation is not good except for poolside parties. The hotel's kitchen, bars, beach and pools were all very nice. The only downside of the hotel is that the poolside animation team is not very active. Children's pool and kids' club. The pools are so dirty and smelly that when you put on your glasses and look into the pool, your stomach turns. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. At the hotel's pool bar, Murat Bey and other friends, at the entrance, guest rilation, Mesut Bey, Enisa Hanım, from the cook in the restaurant to the service personnel, everyone was friendly, smiling and attentive. Although the hotel is operating at full capacity, the pools, bars, sun loungers and other parts of the hotel are sufficient for everyone. Comment: The hotel is generally very nice, the food is of high quality and carefully prepared, the pools are clean and hygienic, the bars have a very diverse and rich alcohol menu, the animation is very rich both in terms of staff and shows, but I would especially like to thank Göktuğ Bey from guest relations. The pools and beach are spotlessly clean. There are many pools, they are quite large. The pools were just too hot. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. You wait long times for water and table cleaning. Gizem and I did water gymnastics every day. In the hotels of this type that I have been to before, the fizzy drinks that come in sealed cans during meals are served open here and they don't even have any kind of ancillary properties like water. We had a water gymnastics lesson with Gizem teacher, cycling with a music team in the field and in the evening we finished off with a zumba class with a sea view. Comment: Limak Lara deluxe is not up to deluxe standards, because there is no variety in @Snakler (pasta, french fries, some watermelon etc.). You wait in line at the bar, you give up drinking, @There is never cold water. There is a shortage of cold water, cold drinks and ice throughout the hotel. Water with it. We especially liked the fruit and water that the staff gave us as a snack when we left the hotel. (only Esra Capar is one of those who does this job justice) There could have been more poolside events and tournaments. A poolside children's festival was established. Animation is not good except for poolside parties. The only downside of the hotel is that the poolside animation team is not very active. Comment: The hotel was perfect for us, rich menus and delicious food, rooms are clean and spacious, the hotel area is spacious with a large pool area, there are bars everywhere, drinking coffee at the lobby bar and eating dessert at the sakura patisserie were our greatest pleasure. Comment: Everything was good, we were satisfied, our expectations were met, various and delicious food, clean room, large pool area, quality alcohol and fast service, we are leaving happily on 29. Comment: There was a large pool area, the rooms were clean, the waiters were serving quickly, we loved the skater waiters, the important part for us was the food, from the main course to the cold dishes, the desserts were perfect, thank you to everyone 49. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. Pool entertainment was also adequate. It is very enjoyable to play darts, survivor and pool games during the day. The pools are big and clean and the pool games are great fun and nice. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. Pool entertainment was also adequate. It is very enjoyable to play darts, survivor and pool games during the day. The pools are big and clean and the pool games are great fun and nice. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. Pool entertainment was also adequate.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.6
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 86
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: It offers us a wonderful experience every year, with its cleanliness, food quality and variety, and daytime entertainment. The rooms, the cleanliness, the warmth of the staff (especially thanks to the waiter Emir), the attention and interest were amazing from the very beginning... It offers us a wonderful experience every year, with its cleanliness, food quality and variety, and daytime entertainment. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. The hotel's cleanliness, food and activities were more than satisfactory. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. Comment: The hotel was very good in terms of cleanliness of the room. Cleanliness, friendly staff, attitude towards Turks is great. During our stay, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel and the quality of products and services. The cleanliness of the room and the toilets in all areas were excellent. Comment: It was a hotel that we were very pleased with with its food, alcohol quality, and cleanliness. Comment: Everything was great during our holiday at Limak Lara Hotel, the cleanliness and quality of the food were great. Comment: The food is varied and delicious, the cleanliness is really good. 2-The table is cleaned with a dry cloth. The general area is clean, the food is varied and plentiful. Thank you to the lady who did the cleaning. It offers us a wonderful experience every year, with its cleanliness, food quality and variety, and daytime entertainment. The cleaning is great, thanks to everyone's efforts. The rooms, the cleanliness, the warmth of the staff (especially thanks to the waiter Emir), the attention and interest were amazing from the very beginning... The rooms were very clean and the animation team put on some really nice shows. Our rooms were clean. The cleaning lady who took care of us was like we were guests in her own home. They cleaned our room every day. Comment: We were pleased with everything, there were delicious meals, our room was clean, the cocktails were delicious and high quality, drinking coffee at the lobby bar was very enjoyable, the hotel area is wide and the pools are big, we were greeted nicely at the reception entrance and they were helpful, thank you to everyone. Comment: The hotel was perfect for us, rich menus and delicious food, rooms are clean and spacious, the hotel area is spacious with a large pool area, there are bars everywhere, drinking coffee at the lobby bar and eating dessert at the sakura patisserie were our greatest pleasure. Cleaning service everything was perfect. From the bar to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, every employee is friendly, smiling and helpful. It offers us a wonderful experience every year, with its cleanliness, food quality and variety, and daytime entertainment. The rooms were clean and had a nice sea view. Comment: Everything was good, we were satisfied, our expectations were met, various and delicious food, clean room, large pool area, quality alcohol and fast service, we are leaving happily on 29. But it was still clean and relevant, thank you. The number of pools is sufficient and clean. In summary, Room; The rooms were the biggest plus of the hotel, they were very clean and spacious, the only downside was that there was no socket in the bathroom, you cannot use electrical appliances. Our rooms were clean. They cleaned our room every day. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. Comment: I had a nice holiday at the hotel, the staff was very polite, the service was fast and of high quality, the alcohol, the coffees were delicious, spending time in the bars was enjoyable, the dart game at the Laila bar was very entertaining, the variety and taste of the food was sufficient for us, our room was cleaned regularly, thank you to everyone 37. You wait long times for water and table cleaning. The hotel's cleanliness, food and activities were more than satisfactory. Our room was cleaned every day and our sheets were changed every other day. Elif who took care of room cleaning. The sea was sometimes wavy but clean... Before I forget, our room cleaning was extremely good. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. Everything was great, the rooms were clean and the drinks were good. Comment: There was a large pool area, the rooms were clean, the waiters were serving quickly, we loved the skater waiters, the important part for us was the food, from the main course to the cold dishes, the desserts were perfect, thank you to everyone 49. The general areas are clean. Our rooms are clean. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. The pools are clean and sufficient in number. Comment: The hotel was very good in terms of cleanliness of the room. Cleanliness, friendly staff, attitude towards Turks is great. Pools are clean, food is delicious, quality products are used, it is obvious. On the contrary, there was a fast welcome, the rooms were clean and the air conditioning was good, the ladies came to clean the room before I left, they were very fast, thank you. The pools are big and clean and the pool games are great fun and nice. We chose this place from Ankara - The hotel welcome was good, the rooms were clean and well taken care of, and cleaned every day. Hotel restaurants and bars are clean, quality drinks are good, hardworking staff, well taken care of. The pool, beach garden, was very clean and the staff was attentive. The rooms were clean and had a view. The rooms were clean and well-maintained. The rooms are clean. The rooms and the hotel in general are spotlessly clean. The towels are clean and changed regularly. The rooms were clean, the food was great, the service was great. Our rooms are always clean and tidy. Serap who cleaned our room every day. During our stay, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel and the quality of products and services. On this occasion, I would like to thank the reception manager Şakir Bey for his attention, care, courtesy, devotion and sincerity in seeing us off; Erol Bey from the waiter team for his quickness, communication and courtesy with our children; the ladies who are the symbol of the devotion of our Anatolian people who make omelets, gözleme and börek by the stove in the breakfast section in addition to the heat of the weather; for their delicious hands; the staff who clean our rooms; and each and every employee whose name I cannot mention but who contributes to the operation of the hotel. Our room was cleaned flawlessly daily. The rooms were clean and well-groomed, the ladies were attentive, thank you. Room cleaning is not very good, but any complaints were taken into consideration immediately and detailed cleaning was done the next day. The cleanliness of the room and the toilets in all areas were excellent. The rooms were clean and nice. The rooms are clean and nice, the air conditioning setting is just not very good, it should be looked after. It was clean and tidy. Comment: It was a hotel that we were very pleased with with its food, alcohol quality, and cleanliness. Comment: The hotel is generally very nice, the food is of high quality and carefully prepared, the pools are clean and hygienic, the bars have a very diverse and rich alcohol menu, the animation is very rich both in terms of staff and shows, but I would especially like to thank Göktuğ Bey from guest relations. Comment: Everything was great during our holiday at Limak Lara Hotel, the cleanliness and quality of the food were great. The pools and beach are spotlessly clean. Our room was clean. Elif made our room very clean. Our room was clean and spacious. Comment: The food is varied and delicious, the cleanliness is really good. Our room was cleaned daily. The only positive thing I can say is that the staff was friendly and the hotel was clean. All the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, the food (especially the grills) is great, the cleaning -including the common areas- is very good...

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 9.1
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 73
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: A family hotel suitable for children. Thank you everyone, a nice family hotel 18. Comment: My thoughts for Limak Lara Hotel are extremely positive 💯 I would like to thank all the hotel staff who never stopped smiling from the day we checked in to the day we checked out in August with my positive family, everything was within the framework of respect and love, the food was super delicious and had a very wide menu, I have nothing to say about the room we stayed in because I can say that I felt at home with the view, the size of the room, I think she was the favorite lady from guest relations, even if I wrote her name wrong 🙏 she made us have a wonderful day that we can't forget, I thanked her very much on our last day of accommodation, I didn't forget, I had to write this 🙂 We hope we can spend our holiday at Limak Hotel again. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. Comment: If you are looking for a family hotel, this is definitely a great choice for families. Not in my family. Comment: We liked the hotel very much as a family with our children. Comment: This is our 2nd family stay at the hotel. Comment: We came here for the first time with my family. We attended as a family. Comment: We stayed at Limak Lara with my family between 16-21 August 2024. Please accept my gratitude on behalf of my family. Comment: We were generally very pleased with our family holiday in July 2024. Thank you to the animation staff and the lovely Limak family… 76. It is more of a family hotel with lots of children, so you should choose 81 knowing this. There was food to suit everyone's taste in my family. When I came 2 years ago, I was very pleased, that's why I came, I regret it so much that if I could convince my family, I would have cut my vacation short and gone. Comment: We came from Ankara with our family. We do not only drink alcohol, when it is all inclusive systematic, as a family that does not consume alcohol, the alcohol-free systematic option can also be chosen. Comment: We love Limak Hotel as a family.. Alibe for helping our family and children. Comment: We went to this hotel as a family and left with satisfaction. We were very comfortable as a family with two children. Comment: We chose this place for 2 weeks with our family, children and grandchildren. The evening parties were nice, we had fun as a family. Comment: We were generally very pleased with our family holiday in July 2024. Comment: We stayed as a family of 4. Comment: It was a wonderful family holiday experience for us. We had so much fun with the kids. The Kids Club shows sufficient interest. Bars; I think the most problematic part is that there are very few expert bartenders, thanks to Ramazan Bey from the Lobby Bar, but unfortunately there were no other bartenders who knew their job, there were either trainee students or self-taught kids. The animators and kidsclub staff were very attentive. Comment: We liked the food of our hotel the most, everything was good, we had a good holiday, the kids had a lot of fun, the desserts in the patisserie section are great, the coffee is great, I recommend it, the food is very delicious, Kardelen at the entrance of the restaurant is very sympathetic and smiling, we will definitely come again. We went as a group and the kids had a great time with lots of activities, kids pools and slides. Children's pool and kids' club. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. There is only a kids club for children but there are no activities for the older age group (8 and above). From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. Children's activities are very nice. The Kids Club shows sufficient interest. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. There is only a kids club for children but there are no activities for the older age group (8 and above). From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. An important issue for families with children: I personally do not like ice cream. 5- They have different rules, for example, there is a 40-minute children's entertainment at 20:30 in an area called the amphitheater, it is very nice. Comment: A very nice hotel, our children loved it. A family hotel suitable for children. He made sure we stayed in a nice room with our children. The variety of the children's buffet made our child happy. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. We love the hotel very much and our children loved it too. This year it was not really suitable for families with small children and was facing backwards. Çetin took good care of our children, and Ms. Better alternatives can be considered for families with children. There are sufficient facilities for children. A great hotel for families and children. Children's activities are very nice. Comment: We liked the hotel very much as a family with our children. There were active games for children, and there were adult games in the pool every day. A poolside children's festival was established. Comment: It was a great holiday, the quality of food and beverage is indisputable, classic Limak quality, a hotel where families with children can go and have fun, with activities at all hours. On this occasion, I would like to thank the reception manager Şakir Bey for his attention, care, courtesy, devotion and sincerity in seeing us off; Erol Bey from the waiter team for his quickness, communication and courtesy with our children; the ladies who are the symbol of the devotion of our Anatolian people who make omelets, gözleme and börek by the stove in the breakfast section in addition to the heat of the weather; for their delicious hands; the staff who clean our rooms; and each and every employee whose name I cannot mention but who contributes to the operation of the hotel. The aquapark for children was nice, but there could be a few more varieties. It is more of a family hotel with lots of children, so you should choose 81 knowing this. Children's pool and kids' club. We came from Izmir with our children. The children's club was active. Alibe for helping our family and children. The entertainment program was great, the shows were super, the parties were very good, our children and grandchildren had fun at the party. We were very comfortable as a family with two children. Comment: We chose this place for 2 weeks with our family, children and grandchildren. There are many sports in wellness, our daughters and grandchildren participated in most of them. There is only a kids club for children but there are no activities for the older age group (8 and above).

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 9.2
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 59
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: A family hotel suitable for children. Thank you everyone, a nice family hotel 18. Comment: My thoughts for Limak Lara Hotel are extremely positive 💯 I would like to thank all the hotel staff who never stopped smiling from the day we checked in to the day we checked out in August with my positive family, everything was within the framework of respect and love, the food was super delicious and had a very wide menu, I have nothing to say about the room we stayed in because I can say that I felt at home with the view, the size of the room, I think she was the favorite lady from guest relations, even if I wrote her name wrong 🙏 she made us have a wonderful day that we can't forget, I thanked her very much on our last day of accommodation, I didn't forget, I had to write this 🙂 We hope we can spend our holiday at Limak Hotel again. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. Comment: If you are looking for a family hotel, this is definitely a great choice for families. Not in my family. Comment: We liked the hotel very much as a family with our children. Comment: This is our 2nd family stay at the hotel. Comment: We came here for the first time with my family. We attended as a family. Comment: We stayed at Limak Lara with my family between 16-21 August 2024. Please accept my gratitude on behalf of my family. Comment: We were generally very pleased with our family holiday in July 2024. Thank you to the animation staff and the lovely Limak family… 76. It is more of a family hotel with lots of children, so you should choose 81 knowing this. There was food to suit everyone's taste in my family. When I came 2 years ago, I was very pleased, that's why I came, I regret it so much that if I could convince my family, I would have cut my vacation short and gone. Comment: We came from Ankara with our family. We do not only drink alcohol, when it is all inclusive systematic, as a family that does not consume alcohol, the alcohol-free systematic option can also be chosen. Comment: We love Limak Hotel as a family.. Alibe for helping our family and children. Comment: We went to this hotel as a family and left with satisfaction. We were very comfortable as a family with two children. Comment: We chose this place for 2 weeks with our family, children and grandchildren. The evening parties were nice, we had fun as a family. Comment: We were generally very pleased with our family holiday in July 2024. Comment: We stayed as a family of 4. Comment: It was a wonderful family holiday experience for us. From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. An important issue for families with children: I personally do not like ice cream. 5- They have different rules, for example, there is a 40-minute children's entertainment at 20:30 in an area called the amphitheater, it is very nice. Comment: A very nice hotel, our children loved it. A family hotel suitable for children. He made sure we stayed in a nice room with our children. The variety of the children's buffet made our child happy. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. We love the hotel very much and our children loved it too. This year it was not really suitable for families with small children and was facing backwards. Çetin took good care of our children, and Ms. Better alternatives can be considered for families with children. There are sufficient facilities for children. A great hotel for families and children. Children's activities are very nice. Comment: We liked the hotel very much as a family with our children. There were active games for children, and there were adult games in the pool every day. A poolside children's festival was established. Comment: It was a great holiday, the quality of food and beverage is indisputable, classic Limak quality, a hotel where families with children can go and have fun, with activities at all hours. On this occasion, I would like to thank the reception manager Şakir Bey for his attention, care, courtesy, devotion and sincerity in seeing us off; Erol Bey from the waiter team for his quickness, communication and courtesy with our children; the ladies who are the symbol of the devotion of our Anatolian people who make omelets, gözleme and börek by the stove in the breakfast section in addition to the heat of the weather; for their delicious hands; the staff who clean our rooms; and each and every employee whose name I cannot mention but who contributes to the operation of the hotel. The aquapark for children was nice, but there could be a few more varieties. It is more of a family hotel with lots of children, so you should choose 81 knowing this. Children's pool and kids' club. We came from Izmir with our children. The children's club was active. Alibe for helping our family and children. The entertainment program was great, the shows were super, the parties were very good, our children and grandchildren had fun at the party. We were very comfortable as a family with two children. Comment: We chose this place for 2 weeks with our family, children and grandchildren. There are many sports in wellness, our daughters and grandchildren participated in most of them. There is only a kids club for children but there are no activities for the older age group (8 and above).

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 9.1
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 53
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: The location is very close to the airport, hospital, shopping mall etc., so I chose it. Comment: Being close to the airport is a great advantage, a la carte services and food are great, service at the bars was very fast, thank you to all the staff, see you again. A week before our holiday, ETS Tours called and said that the hotel was very busy and our reservation was cancelled and they moved our reservation to the Limak Lara Deluxe Hotel, which is a hotel in the same group. On the contrary, I did not sit and watch this monkey business, I got bored. Buse, who found our lost boat, for not victimizing us. Bars; I think the most problematic part is that there are very few expert bartenders, thanks to Ramazan Bey from the Lobby Bar, but unfortunately there were no other bartenders who knew their job, there were either trainee students or self-taught kids. The wellness center has been established in a beautiful area for years and provides lessons and sports with sports trainers. Comment: The hotel location is good, the pools are sufficient. Comment: The location of the hotel is very good, it has its own beach, a bar on the beach and indoor and outdoor alcoholic and non-alcoholic options. The hotel's location, structure, facilities and food were all very nice. The hotel's location, structure, facilities and food were all very nice. Comment: Location is in the most beautiful and central place of Antalya. The location is very close to the airport, hospital, shopping mall etc., so I chose it. Comment: My experiences after staying 4 nights and 5 days; The location is good, easy to find, close to the center. Comment: Location is in the most beautiful and central place of Antalya. 5- They have different rules, for example, there is a 40-minute children's entertainment at 20:30 in an area called the amphitheater, it is very nice. The general area is clean, the food is varied and plentiful. Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel and the service, rich food, quality service, variety of cocktails and alcohol, a large hotel area and pools were enough for us. Comment: We were pleased with everything, there were delicious meals, our room was clean, the cocktails were delicious and high quality, drinking coffee at the lobby bar was very enjoyable, the hotel area is wide and the pools are big, we were greeted nicely at the reception entrance and they were helpful, thank you to everyone. Comment: The hotel was perfect for us, rich menus and delicious food, rooms are clean and spacious, the hotel area is spacious with a large pool area, there are bars everywhere, drinking coffee at the lobby bar and eating dessert at the sakura patisserie were our greatest pleasure. Comment: Everything was good, we were satisfied, our expectations were met, various and delicious food, clean room, large pool area, quality alcohol and fast service, we are leaving happily on 29. It was a very beautiful area. Comment: There was a large pool area, the rooms were clean, the waiters were serving quickly, we loved the skater waiters, the important part for us was the food, from the main course to the cold dishes, the desserts were perfect, thank you to everyone 49. The general areas are clean. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. The wellness center has been established in a beautiful area for years and provides lessons and sports with sports trainers. We did sports in the wellness area outside the sea during the day, it felt very good. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. The area where the demonstrations are held is not enough anyway. The cleanliness of the room and the toilets in all areas were excellent. The beach area was narrow but adequate. The Wellness Area is very beautiful with a sea view, the teachers are very professional and the programs are detailed. There was a wellness sports area. All the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, the food (especially the grills) is great, the cleaning -including the common areas- is very good... Instead of a tablecloth, a serving mat is placed on the table and a new one is not given for each guest. It's a nice place but if you want to drink tea, they give you tea in a paper cup. 6- If you are expecting evening entertainment from the hotel, you are in the wrong place. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. The product that is available in one place is not available in the other. This year we made our choice to have a holiday in a better place, but now that we have 3 days, we feel like we should go as soon as possible. I'm not happy that I chose this place. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because we stayed in places that I can recommend. We chose this place from Ankara - The hotel welcome was good, the rooms were clean and well taken care of, and cleaned every day. Also, he was the only one who wanted to do boxing, it was a good place to work. Comment: Location is in the most beautiful and central place of Antalya. Comment: We have stayed in Limra before, this time we chose this place. Believe me, the worst place you buy would have better desserts and be of better quality. If you are expecting a quality hotel, quality service and good food, you are in the wrong place. If you say, "What's the big deal, as long as it's a hotel," you are in the right place. We will definitely choose this place again, especially with the variety of food, the variety and taste of Turkish and Far Eastern cuisine, and the attention of the staff. Comment: We chose this place for 2 weeks with our family, children and grandchildren. We put this place and other Limak hotels at the top of our preference list.

Kumsal için rating: 8.9
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 32
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: Room quality 3/5 Food 2/5 (in terms of product quality) Pool beach 3/5 Animation entertainment 1/5 Service Service 1/5 As a result, once again, on my behalf, Limak group has lost me and the people I recommended. Comment: The location of the hotel is very good, it has its own beach, a bar on the beach and indoor and outdoor alcoholic and non-alcoholic options. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. The beach is perfect. The pool, beach garden, was very clean and the staff was attentive. We played bocce on the beach and it was fun. Especially the food variety at the restaurant on the beach is excellent. The hotel's kitchen, bars, beach and pools were all very nice. The beach area was narrow but adequate. The staff and bars were good, we sat mostly on the beach. The pools and beach are spotlessly clean. We played volleyball with the animation team on the beach and had a lot of fun. The size of the hotel was very good, the sea was beautiful, the sand was a little pebbly but this was not the hotel's problem. Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. The size of the hotel was very good, the sea was beautiful, the sand was a little pebbly but this was not the hotel's problem. The rooms were clean and had a nice sea view. But unfortunately the sea is very wavy and dirty. Apart from seafood, other dishes are delicious. The sea was sometimes wavy but clean... The sea is wavy in the afternoons in July and more swimmable in the mornings. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. In the hotels of this type that I have been to before, the fizzy drinks that come in sealed cans during meals are served open here and they don't even have any kind of ancillary properties like water. There is no food issue on the sea side. We did sports in the wellness area outside the sea during the day, it felt very good. I don't think this way about most hotels, but I'm already looking forward to the upcoming summer season. The sea was beautiful for Antalya sea. We had a water gymnastics lesson with Gizem teacher, cycling with a music team in the field and in the evening we finished off with a zumba class with a sea view. We said there is no time, go to the shelter, you cannot sit on the seats here, he said. The Wellness Area is very beautiful with a sea view, the teachers are very professional and the programs are detailed. The sea is wavy, very salty and very warm. and a thank you for his sincerity, his attitude, and the fun dance and sports activities he made us do every day, he made our 7 days even more beautiful, we never wanted to participate in such activities in any of the holidays we went on, but we even left the sea and went to the wellness chef GÜLEN SERIM :) The animation team really never let us get bored🙏we left satisfied🙏 96.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 9.4
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 23
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. It was good to have a foam party on our last day. It was good that there was a foam party on our last day, we had fun. Every day there was a show and after party or music, and twice a week there were breakaway and themed parties during the day. The animation, party and entertainment was great, I was never bored, there were lots of shows, parties and live music. We attended the foam party and had fun there too. The entertainment program was great, the shows were super, the parties were very good, our children and grandchildren had fun at the party. From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. For example, one evening a band came to play live music. Even though different groups appear almost every day, their live museums revolve around the same 3-5 songs, mostly foreign music... Foreign songs were constantly played under live music, when I went up to them and told them there were 180 Turks in the hotel, but they said they would open now and only played 2 Turkish songs.... It was great with live music. Also, the bands brought in for the live music that started after the stage event were very successful. He was an incredibly talented musician. We attended dinner there with live music. Live music is very weak and not even entertaining. The entertainment program, music and sports were amazing. Every day there was a show and after party or music, and twice a week there were breakaway and themed parties during the day. The animation, party and entertainment was great, I was never bored, there were lots of shows, parties and live music. We had a water gymnastics lesson with Gizem teacher, cycling with a music team in the field and in the evening we finished off with a zumba class with a sea view. It was very fun with music. But it was better to have live music inside. There should be more fun activities.

Spor Alanları için rating: 9.7
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 22
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: We attended many sports classes with teacher Gizem and my son used the fitness center inside. Gizem and I did water gymnastics every day. We had a water gymnastics lesson with Gizem teacher, cycling with a music team in the field and in the evening we finished off with a zumba class with a sea view. We did gymnastics and Zumba and had a lot of fun. and a thank you for his sincerity, his attitude, and the fun dance and sports activities he made us do every day, he made our 7 days even more beautiful, we never wanted to participate in such activities in any of the holidays we went on, but we even left the sea and went to the wellness chef GÜLEN SERIM :) The animation team really never let us get bored🙏we left satisfied🙏 96. My wife and I attended many classes at the wellness center. There were many classes in the wellness club. The wellness center has been established in a beautiful area for years and provides lessons and sports with sports trainers. There were many classes in the wellness center above the bar. We did some girls' sports at the Wellness sports club, it was great. There were many wellness-centered classes. We attended many sports classes at the wellness center with my mother. We did sports in the wellness area outside the sea during the day, it felt very good. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. However, the Wellness team is very professional, we had a great time at Fly Yoga and we would especially like to thank Ms. The Wellness Area is very beautiful with a sea view, the teachers are very professional and the programs are detailed. The wellness center was very good. There was a wellness sports area. Wellness classes were very good and active. There are many sports in wellness, our daughters and grandchildren participated in most of them. and a thank you for his sincerity, his attitude, and the fun dance and sports activities he made us do every day, he made our 7 days even more beautiful, we never wanted to participate in such activities in any of the holidays we went on, but we even left the sea and went to the wellness chef GÜLEN SERIM :) The animation team really never let us get bored🙏we left satisfied🙏 96. The wellness center is very good and comprehensive, we enjoyed attending many classes with Gizem teacher.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 9.7
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 18
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: My wife and I attended many classes at the wellness center. There were many classes in the wellness club. The wellness center has been established in a beautiful area for years and provides lessons and sports with sports trainers. There were many classes in the wellness center above the bar. We did some girls' sports at the Wellness sports club, it was great. There were many wellness-centered classes. We attended many sports classes at the wellness center with my mother. We did sports in the wellness area outside the sea during the day, it felt very good. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. However, the Wellness team is very professional, we had a great time at Fly Yoga and we would especially like to thank Ms. The Wellness Area is very beautiful with a sea view, the teachers are very professional and the programs are detailed. The wellness center was very good. There was a wellness sports area. Wellness classes were very good and active. There are many sports in wellness, our daughters and grandchildren participated in most of them. and a thank you for his sincerity, his attitude, and the fun dance and sports activities he made us do every day, he made our 7 days even more beautiful, we never wanted to participate in such activities in any of the holidays we went on, but we even left the sea and went to the wellness chef GÜLEN SERIM :) The animation team really never let us get bored🙏we left satisfied🙏 96. The wellness center is very good and comprehensive, we enjoyed attending many classes with Gizem teacher. Evening shows, parties and health parties were amazing.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 9.3
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 16
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The animation and evening shows at the hotel are of very high quality and beautiful. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel, our holiday was great, there was a fun animation team and evening shows, great cocktails and quality alcohol, plenty of appetizers and salads in the Revan snack, delicious pitas and great gözleme, the service staff is doing their job very well, all the staff are smiling, thank you to everyone 11. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. The animation's daily activities, evening shows and parties are very entertaining. Evening shows, parties and health parties were amazing. The evening shows by the animation team were very nice. Especially the evening shows were very enjoyable and of high quality. From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. For example, one evening a band came to play live music. Foreign songs were constantly played under live music, when I went up to them and told them there were 180 Turks in the hotel, but they said they would open now and only played 2 Turkish songs.... It was great with live music. Also, the bands brought in for the live music that started after the stage event were very successful. We attended dinner there with live music. Live music is very weak and not even entertaining. The animation, party and entertainment was great, I was never bored, there were lots of shows, parties and live music. But it was better to have live music inside.

Özel Menü için rating: 9.1
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 9
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: The vegan buffet was adequate. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. The meals have sufficient variety and taste very good. Waiters serve with a smile and no queues for meals. Comment: We were pleased with everything, there were delicious meals, our room was clean, the cocktails were delicious and high quality, drinking coffee at the lobby bar was very enjoyable, the hotel area is wide and the pools are big, we were greeted nicely at the reception entrance and they were helpful, thank you to everyone. The meals were prepared really carefully. Waiters serve with a smile and no queues for meals. In the hotels of this type that I have been to before, the fizzy drinks that come in sealed cans during meals are served open here and they don't even have any kind of ancillary properties like water. Comment: The abundance of choices in the meals and the fact that each dish suits every taste are great advantages.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 7.7
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: We went as a group and the kids had a great time with lots of activities, kids pools and slides. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. Children's pool and kids' club.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 9.0
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone.

