Hotel Name: Litore Resort Hotel Spa

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Diving', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 8.5
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 351
All results text for Service Quality: Yorum: Very bad service quality No respect Rude workers Bad experience I dont recommend to stay in Litore at all Many incident happened The customer care is very weak I wont visit Litore again 175. The minus point was the reception staff, not very helpful. no communication at all with the reception staff, the said just to wait for our room. The reception staff needs to be more friendly, because this is our first 'impact' with the hotel! And I was disappointed that, the management staff from reception, doesn’t speak English. Food is delicious, staff great, drinks open all the time. Many thanks to Malibu, Ali, and all the staff from pool bar especially and from each bar and restaurant. Yorum: Lovely hotel food is very nice |Staff are friendly |Cansu From guest relations, very friendly with a very happy 😺 |Wiew is good and the beach is very nice as well. The staff was so helpful and always ready when you needed something. The cooking staff was also preparing some of our food right there so we can see it was fresh. While the hotel itself was beautiful and had all the necessary facilities, our experience was completely ruined by the rude and arrogant behavior of the staff. We encountered several issues during our stay, and when we went to the reception to complain, the staff ignored us and left us standing in a corner, completely disregarding our concerns. If you speak Turkish or Russian, you might be fine, as these seem to be the only languages the staff prioritize. Unfortunately, 99% of the staff had very poor English skills, which made it nearly impossible to communicate effectively. Whenever we asked for a drink, the staff would not smile at us. Although four staff members held the aggressor back, they did nothing to ensure our safety afterward. We requested that the police be called, but the staff pretended to make the call and then ignored us for the rest of the day. We were left feeling unsafe and completely abandoned by the hotel staff. The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. The staff was welcoming and warm, apart from one member of the spa staff. The staff are always cheerful and ready to help. The staff is super friendly and most of them speak English. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and lovely staff Lovely pool with fantastic views out to sea. Entertainment: nice friendly staff. The staff came out with us and waved as we left, I felt like at family. staff is 0, unprofessional and thievery. The hotel is very nice, it looks very good but the staff did not let us enjoy the hotel. Positive things include cleanliness and the kindness of the staff. The staff suppose to be from hospitality industry was not at all welcoming, hardly any one would greet u or even smile at u Now come to the rooms, must say except the view nothing was great with such huge tariff. There timings are quite less in main restaurant n believe me I have not seen more rude staff then in this Litore resort. Staff are ver kindness and professional. the staff is amazing and they made our experience x10000000 times better. everything was clean nice and perfect and the staff was so nice and helpful all the time. The staff, room and food are amazing as is the hotel itself but sadly the loud music lets it down😢 34. The Management and staff are very helpful. All the staff and I managed to catch this helpful lady name Meryem served us well with smile. Yorum: Absolutely amazing place the staff was so friendly and helpful... Every staff member was so good... Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool, tasty cocktails, friendly staff! Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Staff is great in that, they are here for you, but no pushing. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and staff,nothing bad to say really, food v. But the most adorable is the staff working there. Staff are all really nice. Staff were generally very good, a little slow with seating and drinks at times. Yorum: Clean hotel, overall friendly staff and good service. The hotel is very clean, staff is friendly. Service is good …need more “english speakers staff“ Wi-fi was terrible first day we arrived , doesnt work and the reception girl said to us wait till tomorrow , in evening reception boy gave us staff code so we finally had wifi on our phones and communucated with our family after 12 h we arrived at hotel. Dessert very good Staff is friendly and kind , and kid friendly over all 51. Yorum: The hotel is good the rooms are clean the staff are nice over all everything is good except the food. Over all it’s really clean and the staff is friendly but if you want to come for the food don’t because it’s not good. Staff is friendly on all departments with some Highlights like „Halim“ in the main restaurant. The hotel spa staff Aya and everyone there was so wonderful! Waiters and bar staff were great too. Everybody from Receptionists, Porters, Cleaners, Bar Staff... Yorum: For this price amazing service, polite staff, clear rooms. The staff are amazing and can't do enough for you. Shout out to the entertainment staff especially (fred). The staff was very kindly and polite. Great and polite bartenders, service staff and everyone we met during those 10 days. The staff were super friendly, the food was amazing and so much variety each day. Staff were great, fun and had a lasting memory on our children. The staff were polite and friendly, excellent service in general. This is a top hotel, with great services, a good management, great food, beach and staff. I will not comment anything political but I will say that the staff reacted very late and security came not in time to stop the fight, The distance to the beach: there is a tractor going to the beach, in 2 minutes max you are on the beach, the tractor is going so often, we never waited more than 3 minutes. The staff was rude and didn’t talk English to us but to others they did. When we arrived at the hotel we were gritted by the staff and some food. The staff itself was very good, there wasnt any misunderstandings almost all of them know English, some speak Russian One of the disadvantages was WIFI, it was always disconnecting and when you want to reconnect its really hard... Advantages: Food variaty ROOMS, ROOMS SERVICE STAFF HOTEL TOILETS - LOOKED VERY NICE 76. We all had an amazing time and the hotel and staff were a huge part of that! The dessert selection was amazing and we got to have the best Baklava/ rice puddings and macarons😍😍 What made the hotel stand out was the little things including: staff collecting bags from the bus on arrival and bringing them to your rooms; a drink from the reception bar whilst checking in; snacks and refreshments available as soon as you walk into reception; a wide selection of drinks and beautiful cocktails; an all inclusive mini bar in the room; free use of the safe; free use of the spa facilities (can obviously upgrade to treatments and I would definitely recommend this! The staff really could not do enough for us. This brings me on to the staff, they were the highlight of the holiday and really make the hotel what it is! The entertainment staff are lovely especially Ibrahim and Fred ( Firat), if you get to speak to Firat he will have you in stitches. The bar and restaurant staff were wonderful especially Mustafa (beach and bar) Ugdin, Halim and Emrah. All the staff is friendly and easygoing indeed, Alim put lovely deco in our cocktails and Azat at the reception was extremely helpful and kind. + Staff was friendly and polite. - Almost all staff have not basic english skills. Moreover beverages meniu quite short, saw that for other people they was making in shaker and with decorations from fruits or in beautiful glasses, we never got it from pool bar staff. Yorum: Extremely nice hotel, with stunning view, great entertainments and friendly staff! * However one thing I didn't like was the hotel staff. Yorum: Beautiful hotel,very clean,friendly staff. The people and staff are very rude... The hotel staff have no customer service skills and seem to always have an attitude. Staff is not matching the 5 stars of the hotel , only person who speaks English is receptionist. Special members of staff are Mimi and Osemi from the activities team and Omer, a waiter in the dining room. Bar staff are very friendly. Poor food even though there is a huge selection, no snacks included, drinks are served quickly and powerful but not that nice, staff aren't that friendly, some staff are outright rude, pool side music is too loud to relax. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The staff was really nice and helpful. Unfriendly staff in main restaurant. My compliments to animation team and kids club staff. Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. Now, during a pandemic, all staff are wearing masks, disinfectants are everywhere and measure the temperature daily. The staff were friendly and fun and always willing to help. Extremely kind and helpful staff starting from the reception desk, waiters at the restaurant, pool bar, beach bar, housekeeping personnel and the animation team. Basically been called a liar despite the truth and the attitude of the reception staff is unacceptable. No wonder his staff are happy to treat customers like this... It's a shame as the resort is a lovely place in a beautiful location but the reception staff have completely ruined this the way we have been treated. Yorum: We arrived at 8 AM at the Hotel and even though check-in was at 2 PM staff managed to let us in at 11 AM. Staff are very kind and helpful. Guests are extremely rude to staff. Some bar staff friendly, food waiters were not. Yorum: Rooms were clean, front desk and tour staff friendly and helpful, "animators" I guess we are calling them, especially a few, were always a friendly, helpful, and encouraging asset for the resort. There weren't (m)any other Americans there but it was easy for me to communicate with the staff and guests pretty easily in English usually. Provided multiple email addresses to photo staff. The staff was mostly nice and helpful, but I wish they spoke English more fluently. Yorum: The hotel was pretty cute and nice, the food is tasty and especially there isn’t a huge wait line, all the staff was cheerful and happy to help you with everything. Everything was just great room,clean,food,staff,etc. Yorum: Hotel was brilliant staff at the hotel are all amazing especially the entertainment team. Yorum: Stay at this resort on 3 separate holidays, however, each trip the quality deteriorated, less staff, and attention to detail became poor. The staff are all friendly, welcoming and very helpful. There are plenty of activities to do in the hotel, but having young children that get bored on rainy days, it would've been nice if the games room had remained free (which is one reason why I booked this hotel orginally), but is now chargeable (at certain times it seemed to be free and open however!) Whenever we had any issues, the staff were quick to resolve them and happy to help. Yorum: Nice clean and tidy hotel, well organised friendly staff. Staff are very friendly and helpful nothing is too much trouble. Entertainment team was amazing (Babo, Osema, Anastasiia, Rico),very friendly helpful staff. Yorum: Beautiful hotel we stayed here for 7 nights staff couldnt do enough for us. We did how ever have a mouldy strawberry with maggots in BUT how ever this shouldnt put you off as the hotel and staff are great. Yorum: Facilities, hospitality, friendly staff to mention a few things. Yorum: We're treated badly by the staff ☹️ they need proper training. The staff don't speak English even though the website says they do. Comment: Staff ok. The staff is friendly, the rooms are very clean and nice. The staff is amazing.. Staff very friendly, view is beautiful, very posh hotel, great food ! Yorum: Spectacular place, amazing service and staff (Big thumbs up to Firat ;) ) and amazing location ! Yorum: I'm here on holiday,everything is perfect,staff are super nice,food and rooms are made to perfection and if you arrive late there are sandwiches,coffee and tea you can have at night,throughout the day there are breakfast,lunch and dinner buffets. Yorum: Excellent hotel, Excellent Staff, Good food. Yorum: goos The environment is calm and full of good feelings clean Great staff little hotel but full foods good price for this hotel is down and few 174. +Customer service:pleasant customer service girl, who greeted us with drink and after 10 min we get room with better view than in voucher. The hotel staff have no customer service skills and seem to always have an attitude. Food and customer service is definitely lacking. When it come to food variety and customer service this place is at the best 2+ hotel. There is no customer service you have to bring your own food and wait in line for the coffee or a juice, or alcohol drink, and if you ask for help from any personal in the restaurant they will make you feel not welcome. Yorum: Customer service is very bad! I work in customer service back in the UK and I wouldn't employ any of these people to take the bins out. The only thing that annoyed us was the guest relations lady was about as much use as a chocolate teapot and her customer service skills were the worst in the hotel (rude). Entertainment: nice friendly staff. Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool, tasty cocktails, friendly staff! Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Yorum: Clean hotel, overall friendly staff and good service. Yorum: Extremely nice hotel, with stunning view, great entertainments and friendly staff! Yorum: Beautiful hotel,very clean,friendly staff. Unfriendly staff in main restaurant. Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. Yorum: Nice clean and tidy hotel, well organised friendly staff. Yorum: Facilities, hospitality, friendly staff to mention a few things. The minus point was the reception staff, not very helpful. The staff was so helpful and always ready when you needed something. The must thing I like is spa and Ms Gizem is so helpful ,kind and sweet . The reception team is very warm and helpful, Fyzal & Mehemet looked after our rooms and we got a pool/sea view rooms. everything was clean nice and perfect and the staff was so nice and helpful all the time. The Management and staff are very helpful. All the staff and I managed to catch this helpful lady name Meryem served us well with smile. Yorum: Absolutely amazing place the staff was so friendly and helpful... Yorum: I recommend everyone come to this hotel specially when you going to Turkish spa and hamam I met GIZEM there she was very helpful and friendly as well she speaks Arabic and English very well 😘😘😘😘😘 44. Yorum: Besides a great vacation place, the people working there are extremely nice and helpful. Yorum: The service was excellent, especially the service from the team members within the resort, helpful and they would always go the extra mile ensuring our stay was comfortable at all times. All the staff is friendly and easygoing indeed, Alim put lovely deco in our cocktails and Azat at the reception was extremely helpful and kind. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The staff was really nice and helpful. Extremely kind and helpful staff starting from the reception desk, waiters at the restaurant, pool bar, beach bar, housekeeping personnel and the animation team. Staff are very kind and helpful. Yorum: Rooms were clean, front desk and tour staff friendly and helpful, "animators" I guess we are calling them, especially a few, were always a friendly, helpful, and encouraging asset for the resort. The staff was mostly nice and helpful, but I wish they spoke English more fluently. The staff are all friendly, welcoming and very helpful. The Spa in the hotel is lovely and the team based in there are great and very helpful. Staff are very friendly and helpful nothing is too much trouble. Entertainment team was amazing (Babo, Osema, Anastasiia, Rico),very friendly helpful staff. The minus point was the reception staff, not very helpful. no communication at all with the reception staff, the said just to wait for our room. The reception staff needs to be more friendly, because this is our first 'impact' with the hotel! And I was disappointed that, the management staff from reception, doesn’t speak English. Food is delicious, staff great, drinks open all the time. Many thanks to Malibu, Ali, and all the staff from pool bar especially and from each bar and restaurant. Yorum: Lovely hotel food is very nice |Staff are friendly |Cansu From guest relations, very friendly with a very happy 😺 |Wiew is good and the beach is very nice as well. The staff was so helpful and always ready when you needed something. The cooking staff was also preparing some of our food right there so we can see it was fresh. While the hotel itself was beautiful and had all the necessary facilities, our experience was completely ruined by the rude and arrogant behavior of the staff. We encountered several issues during our stay, and when we went to the reception to complain, the staff ignored us and left us standing in a corner, completely disregarding our concerns. If you speak Turkish or Russian, you might be fine, as these seem to be the only languages the staff prioritize. Unfortunately, 99% of the staff had very poor English skills, which made it nearly impossible to communicate effectively. Whenever we asked for a drink, the staff would not smile at us. Although four staff members held the aggressor back, they did nothing to ensure our safety afterward. We requested that the police be called, but the staff pretended to make the call and then ignored us for the rest of the day. We were left feeling unsafe and completely abandoned by the hotel staff. The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. The staff was welcoming and warm, apart from one member of the spa staff. The staff are always cheerful and ready to help. The staff is super friendly and most of them speak English. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and lovely staff Lovely pool with fantastic views out to sea. Entertainment: nice friendly staff. The staff came out with us and waved as we left, I felt like at family. staff is 0, unprofessional and thievery. The hotel is very nice, it looks very good but the staff did not let us enjoy the hotel. Positive things include cleanliness and the kindness of the staff. The staff suppose to be from hospitality industry was not at all welcoming, hardly any one would greet u or even smile at u Now come to the rooms, must say except the view nothing was great with such huge tariff. There timings are quite less in main restaurant n believe me I have not seen more rude staff then in this Litore resort. Staff are ver kindness and professional. the staff is amazing and they made our experience x10000000 times better. everything was clean nice and perfect and the staff was so nice and helpful all the time. The staff, room and food are amazing as is the hotel itself but sadly the loud music lets it down😢 34. The Management and staff are very helpful. All the staff and I managed to catch this helpful lady name Meryem served us well with smile. Yorum: Absolutely amazing place the staff was so friendly and helpful... Every staff member was so good... Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool, tasty cocktails, friendly staff! Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Staff is great in that, they are here for you, but no pushing. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and staff,nothing bad to say really, food v. But the most adorable is the staff working there. Staff are all really nice. Staff were generally very good, a little slow with seating and drinks at times. Yorum: Clean hotel, overall friendly staff and good service. The hotel is very clean, staff is friendly. Service is good …need more “english speakers staff“ Wi-fi was terrible first day we arrived , doesnt work and the reception girl said to us wait till tomorrow , in evening reception boy gave us staff code so we finally had wifi on our phones and communucated with our family after 12 h we arrived at hotel. Dessert very good Staff is friendly and kind , and kid friendly over all 51. Yorum: The hotel is good the rooms are clean the staff are nice over all everything is good except the food. Over all it’s really clean and the staff is friendly but if you want to come for the food don’t because it’s not good. Staff is friendly on all departments with some Highlights like „Halim“ in the main restaurant. The hotel spa staff Aya and everyone there was so wonderful! Waiters and bar staff were great too. Everybody from Receptionists, Porters, Cleaners, Bar Staff... Yorum: For this price amazing service, polite staff, clear rooms. The staff are amazing and can't do enough for you. Shout out to the entertainment staff especially (fred). The staff was very kindly and polite. Great and polite bartenders, service staff and everyone we met during those 10 days. The staff were super friendly, the food was amazing and so much variety each day. Staff were great, fun and had a lasting memory on our children. The staff were polite and friendly, excellent service in general. This is a top hotel, with great services, a good management, great food, beach and staff. I will not comment anything political but I will say that the staff reacted very late and security came not in time to stop the fight, The distance to the beach: there is a tractor going to the beach, in 2 minutes max you are on the beach, the tractor is going so often, we never waited more than 3 minutes. The staff was rude and didn’t talk English to us but to others they did. When we arrived at the hotel we were gritted by the staff and some food. The staff itself was very good, there wasnt any misunderstandings almost all of them know English, some speak Russian One of the disadvantages was WIFI, it was always disconnecting and when you want to reconnect its really hard... Advantages: Food variaty ROOMS, ROOMS SERVICE STAFF HOTEL TOILETS - LOOKED VERY NICE 76. We all had an amazing time and the hotel and staff were a huge part of that! The dessert selection was amazing and we got to have the best Baklava/ rice puddings and macarons😍😍 What made the hotel stand out was the little things including: staff collecting bags from the bus on arrival and bringing them to your rooms; a drink from the reception bar whilst checking in; snacks and refreshments available as soon as you walk into reception; a wide selection of drinks and beautiful cocktails; an all inclusive mini bar in the room; free use of the safe; free use of the spa facilities (can obviously upgrade to treatments and I would definitely recommend this! The staff really could not do enough for us. This brings me on to the staff, they were the highlight of the holiday and really make the hotel what it is! The entertainment staff are lovely especially Ibrahim and Fred ( Firat), if you get to speak to Firat he will have you in stitches. The bar and restaurant staff were wonderful especially Mustafa (beach and bar) Ugdin, Halim and Emrah. All the staff is friendly and easygoing indeed, Alim put lovely deco in our cocktails and Azat at the reception was extremely helpful and kind. + Staff was friendly and polite. - Almost all staff have not basic english skills. Moreover beverages meniu quite short, saw that for other people they was making in shaker and with decorations from fruits or in beautiful glasses, we never got it from pool bar staff. Yorum: Extremely nice hotel, with stunning view, great entertainments and friendly staff! * However one thing I didn't like was the hotel staff. Yorum: Beautiful hotel,very clean,friendly staff. The people and staff are very rude... The hotel staff have no customer service skills and seem to always have an attitude. Staff is not matching the 5 stars of the hotel , only person who speaks English is receptionist. Special members of staff are Mimi and Osemi from the activities team and Omer, a waiter in the dining room. Bar staff are very friendly. Poor food even though there is a huge selection, no snacks included, drinks are served quickly and powerful but not that nice, staff aren't that friendly, some staff are outright rude, pool side music is too loud to relax. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The staff was really nice and helpful. Unfriendly staff in main restaurant. My compliments to animation team and kids club staff. Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. Now, during a pandemic, all staff are wearing masks, disinfectants are everywhere and measure the temperature daily. The staff were friendly and fun and always willing to help. Extremely kind and helpful staff starting from the reception desk, waiters at the restaurant, pool bar, beach bar, housekeeping personnel and the animation team. Basically been called a liar despite the truth and the attitude of the reception staff is unacceptable. No wonder his staff are happy to treat customers like this... It's a shame as the resort is a lovely place in a beautiful location but the reception staff have completely ruined this the way we have been treated. Yorum: We arrived at 8 AM at the Hotel and even though check-in was at 2 PM staff managed to let us in at 11 AM. Staff are very kind and helpful. Guests are extremely rude to staff. Some bar staff friendly, food waiters were not. Yorum: Rooms were clean, front desk and tour staff friendly and helpful, "animators" I guess we are calling them, especially a few, were always a friendly, helpful, and encouraging asset for the resort. There weren't (m)any other Americans there but it was easy for me to communicate with the staff and guests pretty easily in English usually. Provided multiple email addresses to photo staff. The staff was mostly nice and helpful, but I wish they spoke English more fluently. Yorum: The hotel was pretty cute and nice, the food is tasty and especially there isn’t a huge wait line, all the staff was cheerful and happy to help you with everything. Everything was just great room,clean,food,staff,etc. Yorum: Hotel was brilliant staff at the hotel are all amazing especially the entertainment team. Yorum: Stay at this resort on 3 separate holidays, however, each trip the quality deteriorated, less staff, and attention to detail became poor. The staff are all friendly, welcoming and very helpful. There are plenty of activities to do in the hotel, but having young children that get bored on rainy days, it would've been nice if the games room had remained free (which is one reason why I booked this hotel orginally), but is now chargeable (at certain times it seemed to be free and open however!) Whenever we had any issues, the staff were quick to resolve them and happy to help. Yorum: Nice clean and tidy hotel, well organised friendly staff. Staff are very friendly and helpful nothing is too much trouble. Entertainment team was amazing (Babo, Osema, Anastasiia, Rico),very friendly helpful staff. Yorum: Beautiful hotel we stayed here for 7 nights staff couldnt do enough for us. We did how ever have a mouldy strawberry with maggots in BUT how ever this shouldnt put you off as the hotel and staff are great. Yorum: Facilities, hospitality, friendly staff to mention a few things. Yorum: We're treated badly by the staff ☹️ they need proper training. The staff don't speak English even though the website says they do. Comment: Staff ok. The staff is friendly, the rooms are very clean and nice. The staff is amazing.. Staff very friendly, view is beautiful, very posh hotel, great food ! Yorum: Spectacular place, amazing service and staff (Big thumbs up to Firat ;) ) and amazing location ! Yorum: I'm here on holiday,everything is perfect,staff are super nice,food and rooms are made to perfection and if you arrive late there are sandwiches,coffee and tea you can have at night,throughout the day there are breakfast,lunch and dinner buffets. Yorum: Excellent hotel, Excellent Staff, Good food. Yorum: goos The environment is calm and full of good feelings clean Great staff little hotel but full foods good price for this hotel is down and few 174. Yorum: The hotel is very good ، so clean also,it has very good service and the restaurant has a big buffet and delicious food. The rooms are cleaned every day, the food is good, the service is also good. The spa services are wonderful, and I enjoyed a massage and haman package(reasonably priced) Disco in the hotel if you want a late night dance Beach is down a steep hill, but there is transport... Room service very affordable. Yorum: The resort is to good , the beach perfect is everything ok The service also from the stuff The ladies who clean the rooms dosen’t clean the room if you don’t give money The food has not big variation all days is almost the same 27. Excellent service, comfortable accommodation, delicious food, clean and spacious pool, access to the beach and many activities that will make your vacation an unforgettable experience. Yorum: Clean hotel, overall friendly staff and good service. Yorum: A grand and splendid building with attention to quality service and cleanliness with facilities that go above and beyond in a perfect setting and fabulous beach. Service is good …need more “english speakers staff“ Wi-fi was terrible first day we arrived , doesnt work and the reception girl said to us wait till tomorrow , in evening reception boy gave us staff code so we finally had wifi on our phones and communucated with our family after 12 h we arrived at hotel. Great service everyday with our large Latte from Suna the girl in the bakery, she’s a testimony to the hotel. Yorum: For this price amazing service, polite staff, clear rooms. The Service standards match the grand appearance of the property. Great and polite bartenders, service staff and everyone we met during those 10 days. This is the norm and not some 'extra' service 😂 66. Yorum: The service was excellent, especially the service from the team members within the resort, helpful and they would always go the extra mile ensuring our stay was comfortable at all times. The spa service was superb, it was accommodated for women whom where hijabs, VIP treatment was an awesome experience. The staff were polite and friendly, excellent service in general. This is a top hotel, with great services, a good management, great food, beach and staff. Advantages: Food variaty ROOMS, ROOMS SERVICE STAFF HOTEL TOILETS - LOOKED VERY NICE 76. We wasn't expecting luxury level but hope to get good guality services. +Customer service:pleasant customer service girl, who greeted us with drink and after 10 min we get room with better view than in voucher. The pool is at a high level, as is the service and animation. The hotel staff have no customer service skills and seem to always have an attitude. Yorum: Very poor service the woman running the Spa was extremely rude. Excellent food, service, everything new and everything clean. The housekeeping comes in the room whenever they need not when you request service. A few issues with the service, the bed was not made and had ripped sheets, however this was soon cleared up after speaking with reception. The service is great. Food and customer service is definitely lacking. But service is really bad. When it come to food variety and customer service this place is at the best 2+ hotel. There is no customer service you have to bring your own food and wait in line for the coffee or a juice, or alcohol drink, and if you ask for help from any personal in the restaurant they will make you feel not welcome. Yorum: Customer service is very bad! I work in customer service back in the UK and I wouldn't employ any of these people to take the bins out. Not ultra all inclusive like you pay for as room service is extra and drinks not great choice local beer in most of the bars. Shout out to Halim and Mustafa for being extra awesome with the service. The only thing that annoyed us was the guest relations lady was about as much use as a chocolate teapot and her customer service skills were the worst in the hotel (rude). We tipped for good service, but it's not obligatory. They tend not to do full room services. Yorum: My family and I stayed there for the half term in May, right from the start the service was very poor as we got there very early morning, no snacks or whatever awaiting us which was a first. Never will I recommend this place to anyone coming from England as they treated us like second class guests with their service. Very poor service, small hotel with small pool and a terrible food without variety only on turkish, servis of minibar it is not regular... Would have liked more personal service ie tea/coffee brought to your table at breakfast and wine etc at dinner in the main restaurant... Rooms could have been serviced better... The service is great. Ultra all inclusive means self-service food. The hotel, service, animation team were perfect! Yorum: I reserved sea view and they gave me the view behind i talked to them bit they didnt do anything about it , the food is not delicious at all you can eat just the breakfast its very delicious other wise you cant eat anything, the rooms very beautiful, its very far from everything its in analya its 2 hours far from antalya if you want to stay in the hotel you can reserve it other wise dont, the service is very alow i called 6 times until they fixed the tv 159. Yorum: Spectacular place, amazing service and staff (Big thumbs up to Firat ;) ) and amazing location ! Yorum: Bed shuttle service to the beach. People can't get the hotel, because it is wery hot in midday time to go up, while shuttle services of another hotels work very good. Yorum: Very bad service quality No respect Rude workers Bad experience I dont recommend to stay in Litore at all Many incident happened The customer care is very weak I wont visit Litore again 175.

Rating for Beach: 9.1
Total number of comments for Beach: 143
All results text for Beach: The hotel is on a steep hill and there is regular transport to the beach. Yorum: Lovely hotel food is very nice |Staff are friendly |Cansu From guest relations, very friendly with a very happy 😺 |Wiew is good and the beach is very nice as well. The drinks at the bar and on the actual beach were amazing as well. The beach... The pool is good and the beach is so nice. Cleanliness is maintained every day, there is internet not only in the hotel, but also on the beach. Yorum: I liked the hotel, the rooms are good, the beach is beautiful, the sea is clean. Pool, beach, personels are perfect we are coming from bulgaria and we really like everything especially guest relation Cansu, she was very kind and friendly we really like it. The beach has a blue flag and the water is very clear. Another highlight is the Beach, a one min tractor ride will take you straight to the beach to enjoy the warm Mediterranean Sea. The spa services are wonderful, and I enjoyed a massage and haman package(reasonably priced) Disco in the hotel if you want a late night dance Beach is down a steep hill, but there is transport... at the beach you will find another bar and food is also available. Yorum: Generally the resort is very beautiful from outside The beach is wonderfull Personel on the beach and pool is ok The food is almost repetitive everyday The room does not get clean very well , one day it was not clean at all. Beach: a tractor picks you up and brings to the beach and back, it goes up and down all day long (the driver has ofc meal breaks). Beach was clean, bar very nice and good drinks. In the hotel is a market 24/7 open, a doctor, a dentist, a hairdresser (with nails as well), a small boutique for beach wear and many other things. Yorum: The resort is to good , the beach perfect is everything ok The service also from the stuff The ladies who clean the rooms dosen’t clean the room if you don’t give money The food has not big variation all days is almost the same 27. Excellent service, comfortable accommodation, delicious food, clean and spacious pool, access to the beach and many activities that will make your vacation an unforgettable experience. We want to go on beach everyday ( exept one , when we stayed on pool , that is amazing , but too hot for us ) ! Instead you must try the bar beach , where are some amezing guys , Mustafa , Mehmet and the rest ...( thank you guys for a such amazing hollyday ) ! You will have a nice pictures near beach ! And , i forgot , you will have a nice transport from hotel to beach ! We've had to decamp to the beach as the music near the pool is way too loud to read or think. Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool, tasty cocktails, friendly staff! Hotel is connected with the private beach in the private bay, you even don't need to walk down/up hill, so great! Beach has it's own restaurant, included, which is great! Yorum: Absolutely amazing place with beautiful beach and interiors. Loved that the hotel had its own area on the beach too so the all inclusive is also on the beach. Yorum: A grand and splendid building with attention to quality service and cleanliness with facilities that go above and beyond in a perfect setting and fabulous beach. It has best part of the beach line allocated to it. Beach is full and some days you need to wake up early to get an umbrella or to wait sb to leave. Beach area is beautiful. Beach toilets need more attention Truck transport hotel -beach -hotel is very nice. During day and Dinner a lot of buffets at Main Building and Beach. Beach is reachable on your own or via Transfer every 5 minutes. We loved the beach bar and Mehmet who made sure we were always smiling! Everyone of you at Litore made us happy and we miss you and this lovely hotel that I could not stop looking at from the beach, from my balcony and from the street level! Private beach is a 5-minute walkable distance but down a steep hill, there is a cool tractor shuttle available to drop off and pick up. Buffet food and bar available at the beach too. were amazing, food, drinks, rooms, pools and the beach. A private beach where you can relax and Views to die for. The beach is a short walk down an hill or you can get the tractor. The beach was clean, the weather was good and the sea was 28Celsius (in June). The view from the infinity part of the pool is amazing looking out to the private beach with bar and toilets. The beach is accessed via a tractor as it is really quite steep. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone whose looking for a relaxing holiday with superb experience from a beautiful weather, not too busy beach which is very close to the resort, a range of activities to do as well. Yorum: Stunning view at the beach and pure water. For the first time have tried Gözleme with cheese at the beach. The pool and the beach was on a great temperature to swim. In my opinion this hotel also has the best beach territory. This is a top hotel, with great services, a good management, great food, beach and staff. Also the local drinks from the pool bar and beach bar are good. In beach bar I suggest to have more variety of drinks: we asked for a Turkish coffee but they had only in patisserie, we asked for aperol but they didn’t have in beach bar and other cocktails that they could not provide in beach bar. I will not comment anything political but I will say that the staff reacted very late and security came not in time to stop the fight, The distance to the beach: there is a tractor going to the beach, in 2 minutes max you are on the beach, the tractor is going so often, we never waited more than 3 minutes. The beach : Clean, there is a man cleaning all day long the beach, arranging the sunbeds. The beach was far there was a tractor that took us there, the road was very steap to walk on foot not to mention with stroller. The beach bar and the tractor only worked till 7. Their meals were not coordinated with beach time. It has everything you need so we actually only left twice, once to the local Bazaar and once to the hotel beach. The beach is down a steep hill but there is transport there and back every 10 minutes. The beach was clean and includes all inclusive drinks and snacks ( we stayed in a cabana and it was definitely worth it). It was amazing!!); sanitised and clingfilm highchairs; sunglasses cleaned on arrival to the cabana on the beach.... The bar and restaurant staff were wonderful especially Mustafa (beach and bar) Ugdin, Halim and Emrah. The hotel beach is two minutes away down the hill, a tractor picks people up from beach to hotel every few minutes. The beach also is very clean and there is a bar and a buffet. There are also a few cats in the pool area in the evening, and a very loving black cat on the beach. * The beach is like 100 meters from the hotel. It's about 10 minutes walk from Litore to private beach. Yorum: Excellent hotel, nice swimming pool the food is amazing and there is even a private beach . Beautiful beach, we are enjoy the literally everything the hotel offers. Access to the beach through the tunnel and a tractor ride or a walk up/down a steep hill. Yorum: Hotel looks very good, food was ok and beach is beautiful. So if youwere looki g for a beach holliday and a sliw holliday this has to be it.. The Beach is a short walk away with a regular shuttle tractor provided by the hotel. Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. My first impression of the hotel was great: lots of food, beautiful hotel, nice room, wonderful beach. Advantages: Regardless of the fact that you need to walk to the beach or go by transport (the car runs every 15 minutes), the hotel's beach is incredibly beautiful and comfortable. The beach has cabanas, toilets, washbasins, showers, a bar with a covered terrace. Extremely kind and helpful staff starting from the reception desk, waiters at the restaurant, pool bar, beach bar, housekeeping personnel and the animation team. The beach is better than the pool and it is quite closed but coming back from there on foot ... We could always get seats with umbrella by the beach or the pool which is not a common experience at resorts. The beach terrain is... Yorum: We enjoyed staying there - fresh and tasty food, clean and cozy rooms, amazing beach. Very nice beach and outside pool, great rooms with Jacuzzi. We are having a great time here with the swimming pool and beach. The pool and the beach were good and clean. Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness). beach was more stone than sand... Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. But it is not clean, especially toilets at the beach. Yorum: Very rude Litore tractor driver - not the usual friendly one who takes up both Laguna and Litore guests from the beach up the steep hill. 3 min walk to the beach was even a benefit :) The food however could be better... Beach is dirty. Yorum: Reception girl Beyza was polite, big room with private jacuzzi, nice sunset view from swimming pool and from beach as well. Beach is lovely . Yorum: Bed shuttle service to the beach. In lunch time, when a lot of people go from the beach, driver has a break for 1 hour !!! Yorum: Lovely place great weather food a bit hit and miss, great party nights and foam pool party in the afternoon, not much around hotel a few shops good entertainment, animation team do good job keeping people entertained, beach is shingle and pebbles quite hard to walk on, hotel is spotless rooms are lovely we had one with jacuzzi on which was great 169. The food is also very good, the beach is also amazing. Yorum: Excellent hotel, great food, the best beach and seaside. From the minute we arrived at 3am, we were extremely tired and met Mesut and the bell boy who checked us in, gave us sandwiches as we were hungry and did not eat, they showed us to our room and upgraded me to a jacuzzi room! Another disadvantage is that the hotel does not brew “real” Turkish coffee (on the sand). (Which is shingle not sand) food good choices and loads of alcohol/cocktails if you drink. beach was more stone than sand... Yorum: I'm here on holiday,everything is perfect,staff are super nice,food and rooms are made to perfection and if you arrive late there are sandwiches,coffee and tea you can have at night,throughout the day there are breakfast,lunch and dinner buffets. The shore, the room and the pool were clean. I personally haven't had such a good experience with a seaside vacation in forever. The sea itself was so warm as well. Yorum: I liked the hotel, the rooms are good, the beach is beautiful, the sea is clean. The reception team is very warm and helpful, Fyzal & Mehemet looked after our rooms and we got a pool/sea view rooms. Another highlight is the Beach, a one min tractor ride will take you straight to the beach to enjoy the warm Mediterranean Sea. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and lovely staff Lovely pool with fantastic views out to sea. Food: no one will be hungry here, lots of options for everyone, beautiful decoration for Bayram, gluten free options, sea food, meat, restaraunt always clean, workers waiting on tables all the time. Be carefull , the sea is very deep when you go in about 4 meters in ! It’s clean, got a nice sea view for extra €, or other side into the dry bushes. Staff were generally very good, a little slow with seating and drinks at times. I recommend upgrading to a pool/ sea view room. The beach was clean, the weather was good and the sea was 28Celsius (in June). We went early in the season so the hotel was quiet, the pool mostly empty and cold but refreshing when sun bathing. We have been upgraded to a superior room with sea view : 1253. The only inconvenient of having a pool/sea view room is that some parties are placed in that area so if you want to sleep earlier than 23:00 you cant to this because of the noise. Restaurant: when we arrived the hotel was not fully booked but the quality of the food and the amount of the food was the same as in full season. The road to the sea is this hotels biggest minus cause the hotel is located on a big mountain we can say that and every time you want to go near the sea you need to climb down a big mountain and you know in Turkeys heat you can barely climb it, for older people its impossible, but atleast theres a schechule for a tractor that drives up and down every day so atleast that, but if you want to go near the sea after 20PM then you will need to climb it yourself. Near the sea you can always find free sunbeds for me the umbrellas werent really good cause you cant spread them or place them were you want. The snack bar/bar near the sea is kinda normal, the food is decent, the cocktails are meh... Biggest disadvantages: WIFI FISH A la carte restorant BUS RIDE FRUITS-Lacked the best ones (Strawberries and pineapple) Hill to the sea Minor disadvantages that there was always loud music playing by the pool, needed some quiet time. The fish restaurant is excellent, the starters are exquisite and the sea view from the hill is truly beautiful. So we was searching option accordingly to our budget, as previous one hotel network which we appreciated because of them high level, was too expensive this year. Fish was but only simple kinds of it,any sea products from 9th till 15th of august ( at least shrimps, mussels could be). He was everywhere: at the pool, sea, restaurant entrance. We were luck had a great room overlooking the sea. You are guaranteed an wonderful sea view. We could always get seats with umbrella by the beach or the pool which is not a common experience at resorts. It's such a grand place, with amazing sea view (definitely get a sea view room). Yorum: Great luxury hotel; We stayed all inclusive beginning of April '19 (Just as they opened for the season). It's at the top of a substantial hill, which gives great views of the area and sea. The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea. The toilet seat broke on our second night which was never fixed and they had the audacity to charge us for it. Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. Yorum: I reserved sea view and they gave me the view behind i talked to them bit they didnt do anything about it , the food is not delicious at all you can eat just the breakfast its very delicious other wise you cant eat anything, the rooms very beautiful, its very far from everything its in analya its 2 hours far from antalya if you want to stay in the hotel you can reserve it other wise dont, the service is very alow i called 6 times until they fixed the tv 159. The sun and sea are the best. Yorum: Excellent hotel, great food, the best beach and seaside.

Rating for Water Slides: 9.2
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 118
All results text for Water Slides: Kids loved the pool, the water slides and the activities around the pool. The water slides at first glance are small compared to others I have used, but they're fast, giving you an adrenaline rush. Volleyball, water slides, darts, ping pong, giant chess, evening events, we tried all. We all loved the pool and water slides even my 5yo son went on all of them. And the aqua park it’s not working all the time like it’s said. Hygiene is on spot in every environment : Lobby, Restaurant, snack zone, al a carte restaurant, pool , aqua park , hallway, room , bathrooms both private and shared. Kids loved the pool, the water slides and the activities around the pool. The water slides at first glance are small compared to others I have used, but they're fast, giving you an adrenaline rush. Volleyball, water slides, darts, ping pong, giant chess, evening events, we tried all. We all loved the pool and water slides even my 5yo son went on all of them. We didn't received any hotel presentation like time for dinner/lunch/breakfast, no information about what we have in the hotel, no cards for pool towels since next day, when we went sent back to reception to bring our cards to pick up our towels... Many thanks to Malibu, Ali, and all the staff from pool bar especially and from each bar and restaurant. Pool is nice as well. The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. The pool is good and the beach is so nice. Pool, beach, personels are perfect we are coming from bulgaria and we really like everything especially guest relation Cansu, she was very kind and friendly we really like it. The reception team is very warm and helpful, Fyzal & Mehemet looked after our rooms and we got a pool/sea view rooms. Kids loved the pool, the water slides and the activities around the pool. A massive bar right beside the pool from 10 till midnight, no big queues, good range of cocktails and the bartenders are very jovial. Evening entertainment a theatre for live performance, pool party, disco and many other things. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and lovely staff Lovely pool with fantastic views out to sea. Yorum: Generally the resort is very beautiful from outside The beach is wonderfull Personel on the beach and pool is ok The food is almost repetitive everyday The room does not get clean very well , one day it was not clean at all. Pool: big pools clean and beautiful at night. Bar at pool, music, a cute lady making gözleme. Excellent service, comfortable accommodation, delicious food, clean and spacious pool, access to the beach and many activities that will make your vacation an unforgettable experience. We want to go on beach everyday ( exept one , when we stayed on pool , that is amazing , but too hot for us ) ! We've had to decamp to the beach as the music near the pool is way too loud to read or think. Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool, tasty cocktails, friendly staff! Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Pool bar serves drinks until 24, and if you want to continue theres a lobby bar open all night. Pool is huge and enough sunbeds around. Has the best food with a buffet, 4 a la carte, afternoon tea, stuffed pitter from a lady by the pool, ice cream and macarons . Huge pool with plenty of sun loungers; you'll get some fantastic photos from there. were amazing, food, drinks, rooms, pools and the beach. I recommend upgrading to a pool/ sea view room. The pool area is amazing. The huge pool is clean. We went early in the season so the hotel was quiet, the pool mostly empty and cold but refreshing when sun bathing. The view from the infinity part of the pool is amazing looking out to the private beach with bar and toilets. Selection of pools, always a nice treat. The food, pool, room everything is good. The shore, the room and the pool were clean. The pool and the beach was on a great temperature to swim. Really good location, perfect open infinity view swimming pool, nice kitchen. The only inconvenient of having a pool/sea view room is that some parties are placed in that area so if you want to sleep earlier than 23:00 you cant to this because of the noise. Also the local drinks from the pool bar and beach bar are good. Pool was very nice, you can always find some free sunbeds every time, cocktails near the pool werent very good but decent enough. Biggest disadvantages: WIFI FISH A la carte restorant BUS RIDE FRUITS-Lacked the best ones (Strawberries and pineapple) Hill to the sea Minor disadvantages that there was always loud music playing by the pool, needed some quiet time. The pool area is very nice and maybe the cleanest I’ve ever seen. There are also a few cats in the pool area in the evening, and a very loving black cat on the beach. +View from pool and room matched expectations. - Bar near pool not bad, but if you want good coctails in pool bar must leave tips, without them you will drink lemonade instead of normal coctail. Moreover beverages meniu quite short, saw that for other people they was making in shaker and with decorations from fruits or in beautiful glasses, we never got it from pool bar staff. The pool is at a high level, as is the service and animation. Not many steps to get in and out of the pool,not very safe. Yorum: Excellent hotel, nice swimming pool the food is amazing and there is even a private beach . Yorum: An excellent hotel, very good food, clean room with an impressive view of the pool, very inventive entertainers and a memorable spa! Yorum: Good pools, good kids club, good entertainment, good room. Poor food even though there is a huge selection, no snacks included, drinks are served quickly and powerful but not that nice, staff aren't that friendly, some staff are outright rude, pool side music is too loud to relax. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, gorgeous pool and great entertainment/shows. He was everywhere: at the pool, sea, restaurant entrance. Gorgeous view from the infinity pool and plenty of facilities and activities. Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. Very good internet (in the room, next to the pool, reception). The hotel itself is beautiful and has live entertainment both by the pool and in the evening. The room is amazing and the pool is breath-taken! Extremely kind and helpful staff starting from the reception desk, waiters at the restaurant, pool bar, beach bar, housekeeping personnel and the animation team. Hygiene is on spot in every environment : Lobby, Restaurant, snack zone, al a carte restaurant, pool , aqua park , hallway, room , bathrooms both private and shared. Yorum: Hotel is fantastic lovely pool. Very good food, clean pools, polite personnel and lots of activities. The beach is better than the pool and it is quite closed but coming back from there on foot ... We could always get seats with umbrella by the beach or the pool which is not a common experience at resorts. I paid up front for a family photo shoot at the pool. Overall lovely hotel, great swimming pool and good food. We all loved the pool and water slides even my 5yo son went on all of them. Mustafa at the pool bar was fantastic too, always had a smile on his face and was fantastic with my son. The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea. Very nice beach and outside pool, great rooms with Jacuzzi. We are having a great time here with the swimming pool and beach. The pool and the beach were good and clean. Nice hotel and pool. Loved the infinity pool. Very poor service, small hotel with small pool and a terrible food without variety only on turkish, servis of minibar it is not regular... Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness). The infinity-pool is very clean. Waiters very good in al'a carte restaurants and at the pool bar.. Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. Yorum: Reception girl Beyza was polite, big room with private jacuzzi, nice sunset view from swimming pool and from beach as well. Yorum: Lovely place great weather food a bit hit and miss, great party nights and foam pool party in the afternoon, not much around hotel a few shops good entertainment, animation team do good job keeping people entertained, beach is shingle and pebbles quite hard to walk on, hotel is spotless rooms are lovely we had one with jacuzzi on which was great 169. The beach has a blue flag and the water is very clear. Kids loved the pool, the water slides and the activities around the pool. Bottled water 24/7. There is also watersport options, we did jet ski and they made us amazing drone video and photos of our drive. The water is so clear and warm ! Water fridges everywhere to stay hydrated. The kids loved the water tubes. Yorum: Stunning view at the beach and pure water. There were various activities like water polo and water gymnastics, table tennis and so on during the day, and theme parties in the evening. The entrance in the water is a little bit sudden if you don’t know to swim. The water slides at first glance are small compared to others I have used, but they're fast, giving you an adrenaline rush. Cola, fanta, water , coffee , tea, few long drinks , beer , few beverages were free. Every day there were mini games organized like darts, archery, airgun shooting, water games. Volleyball, water slides, darts, ping pong, giant chess, evening events, we tried all. We all loved the pool and water slides even my 5yo son went on all of them. Sunbads are not disinfected, as promised, just washed with water. Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. While swimming I’ve seen a turtle near me once. Really good location, perfect open infinity view swimming pool, nice kitchen. Yorum: Excellent hotel, nice swimming pool the food is amazing and there is even a private beach . Overall lovely hotel, great swimming pool and good food. We are having a great time here with the swimming pool and beach. Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. Yorum: Reception girl Beyza was polite, big room with private jacuzzi, nice sunset view from swimming pool and from beach as well. The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. The pool area is amazing. The pool area is very nice and maybe the cleanest I’ve ever seen. There are also a few cats in the pool area in the evening, and a very loving black cat on the beach. The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 9.5
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 95
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Cleanliness is maintained every day, there is internet not only in the hotel, but also on the beach. Positive things include cleanliness and the kindness of the staff. Yorum: A grand and splendid building with attention to quality service and cleanliness with facilities that go above and beyond in a perfect setting and fabulous beach. Hygiene is on spot in every environment : Lobby, Restaurant, snack zone, al a carte restaurant, pool , aqua park , hallway, room , bathrooms both private and shared. Rooms are cleaned well and we found the food to be lovely. Clean rooms, great food, spectacular view and nice atmosphere. Cleaning is very good. The rooms were very clean and if we ever had an inconvenience, the cleaning ladies fixed it in no time. The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. Yorum: The hotel is very good ، so clean also,it has very good service and the restaurant has a big buffet and delicious food. Cleanliness is maintained every day, there is internet not only in the hotel, but also on the beach. Yorum: We came from bulgaria and hotel was amazing everything was perfect food, cleaning, personel. Yorum: I liked the hotel, the rooms are good, the beach is beautiful, the sea is clean. The rooms are cleaned every day, the food is good, the service is also good. The rooms are very clean. Special thanks to ümmü for keeping our rooms always clean. Yorum: Generally the resort is very beautiful from outside The beach is wonderfull Personel on the beach and pool is ok The food is almost repetitive everyday The room does not get clean very well , one day it was not clean at all. The cleaning lady Asked in a nice way for tips since the first day 23. The room was extremly clean and got cleaned every day perfectly. The cleaning lady was so sweet and did an amazing job. Food: no one will be hungry here, lots of options for everyone, beautiful decoration for Bayram, gluten free options, sea food, meat, restaraunt always clean, workers waiting on tables all the time. Pool: big pools clean and beautiful at night. Beach was clean, bar very nice and good drinks. Positive things include cleanliness and the kindness of the staff. Everywhere is cleaned well, both inside and outside the rooms. Yorum: The resort is to good , the beach perfect is everything ok The service also from the stuff The ladies who clean the rooms dosen’t clean the room if you don’t give money The food has not big variation all days is almost the same 27. Excellent service, comfortable accommodation, delicious food, clean and spacious pool, access to the beach and many activities that will make your vacation an unforgettable experience. Everything is on high level, food is ultra amazin, room and every corner at the hotel is very very clean and beautifull is smell there. everything was clean nice and perfect and the staff was so nice and helpful all the time. Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool, tasty cocktails, friendly staff! It’s clean, got a nice sea view for extra €, or other side into the dry bushes. Yorum: Clean hotel, overall friendly staff and good service. Yorum: A grand and splendid building with attention to quality service and cleanliness with facilities that go above and beyond in a perfect setting and fabulous beach. The hotel is very clean, staff is friendly. Yorum: Rooms are clean and comfortable, spacious enough. Yorum: The hotel is good the rooms are clean the staff are nice over all everything is good except the food. Over all it’s really clean and the staff is friendly but if you want to come for the food don’t because it’s not good. 2 bed room family room was spacious and always clean. Great food, good management, non-stop drinks and spacious, comfortable and clean rooms. Everybody from Receptionists, Porters, Cleaners, Bar Staff... The huge pool is clean. The beach was clean, the weather was good and the sea was 28Celsius (in June). The shore, the room and the pool were clean. Room: spacious, clean, with all the amenities in the bathroom. The housekeeping cleaning system is amazing, in the room there are two buttons, for “do not disturb” and for “clean my room”. Cleaning: when we arrived, the room was clean and nice, in one day the housekeeping made some nice models from towels. Sometimes we were taking a sit but the table was not cleaned from the previous guests. The beach : Clean, there is a man cleaning all day long the beach, arranging the sunbeds. The rooms were cleaned every day. The hotel is beautiful, well maintained and cleaned numerous times a day. The beach was clean and includes all inclusive drinks and snacks ( we stayed in a cabana and it was definitely worth it). It was amazing!!); sanitised and clingfilm highchairs; sunglasses cleaned on arrival to the cabana on the beach.... Big hotel, beautiful location, very nice design, spotless clean, good room size and standard despite being the cheapest one. The beach also is very clean and there is a bar and a buffet. The pool area is very nice and maybe the cleanest I’ve ever seen. -Room had a dust on dresser, cleaned passingly. +All hotel cleaned in good way, tables was cleaning immediately waiters was polite but without basic english skills. Yorum: Very clean, food is great. High level of cleaningness. * The rooms are good and clean. They said to me that they are expecting a call from the cleaner that cleaned my room but the call never came despite me reminding them all the time. Spacious rooms with wonderful view are cleaning every day. Yorum: Beautiful hotel,very clean,friendly staff. Spotlessly clean. Excellent food, service, everything new and everything clean. Yorum: An excellent hotel, very good food, clean room with an impressive view of the pool, very inventive entertainers and a memorable spa! The rooms are lovely, beds very comfy and cleaned most days if you want. Yorum: The hotel was more than amazing- clean room, cozy and welcoming. Yorum: Clean ,quiet, food is best and delicious, its best place for relaxing 103. Yorum: The only reason I rated this hotel 3stars, because hotel is still reasonable clean. Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. The animators weren’t annoying (when we said no to what they offered they kindly and understandingly walked from us and didn’t bother anymore), decent selection of food, you can always find what to eat (we are picky eaters and don’t like to take risks with food, and we always left with full belies so that’s something), the room was tidy, daily cleaned, fridge restocked and we could use everything free of charge. I also want to note that now the room cleaned well and the cleaning lady is very positive and kind. Today is my birthday and when I came to the room in the evening, I was shocked - my room was not cleaned! I said about cleaning the room at the reception - nothing has changed. We had clean towels every day and the mini fridge was full at all times. The property is beautiful, clean and they're taking every precaution to ensure safety of the guests. Room was cleaned every day and sheets changed once every two days. Very good food, clean pools, polite personnel and lots of activities. Yorum: Rooms were clean, front desk and tour staff friendly and helpful, "animators" I guess we are calling them, especially a few, were always a friendly, helpful, and encouraging asset for the resort. Yorum: We enjoyed staying there - fresh and tasty food, clean and cozy rooms, amazing beach. Everything was just great room,clean,food,staff,etc. The beds were super comfortable, the whole hotel was clean and tidy, the food was good and we loved the different themed nights. It's quite a new hotel, so everything is very clean, tidy and modern. There's loads of storage and the chambermaids/cleaners are lovely. Yorum: Nice clean and tidy hotel, well organised friendly staff. The pool and the beach were good and clean. It's very clean and kept that way all the time. The staff is friendly, the rooms are very clean and nice. The infinity-pool is very clean. Yorum: This resort is very nice and clean. Absolutely everything in the hotel is at a very high level, very clean and tidy. But it is not clean, especially toilets at the beach. Yorum: goos The environment is calm and full of good feelings clean Great staff little hotel but full foods good price for this hotel is down and few 174. Yorum: Great hotel, clean amenities and fun entertainment.

Rating for Transportation Options: 8.6
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 92
All results text for Transportation Options: Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. The hotel is on a steep hill and there is regular transport to the beach. The spa services are wonderful, and I enjoyed a massage and haman package(reasonably priced) Disco in the hotel if you want a late night dance Beach is down a steep hill, but there is transport... And , i forgot , you will have a nice transport from hotel to beach ! Beach toilets need more attention Truck transport hotel -beach -hotel is very nice. Ofcourse firstly about the transport from Tez Tour: The flight from Vilnius was in the morning around 2AM, flight was around 3h long, then the bus picked us up we drove around 2h more. The beach is down a steep hill but there is transport there and back every 10 minutes. Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. Advantages: Regardless of the fact that you need to walk to the beach or go by transport (the car runs every 15 minutes), the hotel's beach is incredibly beautiful and comfortable. Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. We walked down the hill and then got a taxi back … 2. You are able to rent cabanas if you want extra privacy and comfort There are even a couple of shops in the hotel or you can venture out and there is shopping available a few minutes walk away, or grab a taxi to the local bazaar 21. Visiting Alanya is worth a few hours and going by taxi if you want to visit the castle/harbour and town centre is advisable if you have trouble walking far. It's a good distance from the airport and about 30 minutes to the nearest proper towns; either Side or Alanya, but both towns are definitely worth visiting. In addition to this theft, the receptionist named MEHMET verbally abused us and made advances to me and my sister, the whole 7-days we stay whenever he saw us he stopped and stared at us and said something inappropriate, 0 professionalism and thieves!!! It’s clean, got a nice sea view for extra €, or other side into the dry bushes. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone whose looking for a relaxing holiday with superb experience from a beautiful weather, not too busy beach which is very close to the resort, a range of activities to do as well. Ofcourse firstly about the transport from Tez Tour: The flight from Vilnius was in the morning around 2AM, flight was around 3h long, then the bus picked us up we drove around 2h more. The bus ride was very uncomfortable, wanted that it would end faster. Biggest disadvantages: WIFI FISH A la carte restorant BUS RIDE FRUITS-Lacked the best ones (Strawberries and pineapple) Hill to the sea Minor disadvantages that there was always loud music playing by the pool, needed some quiet time. The dessert selection was amazing and we got to have the best Baklava/ rice puddings and macarons😍😍 What made the hotel stand out was the little things including: staff collecting bags from the bus on arrival and bringing them to your rooms; a drink from the reception bar whilst checking in; snacks and refreshments available as soon as you walk into reception; a wide selection of drinks and beautiful cocktails; an all inclusive mini bar in the room; free use of the safe; free use of the spa facilities (can obviously upgrade to treatments and I would definitely recommend this! Only negatives are the Wi-Fi is very slow, and I hope you like walking up hills, as the hotel is on top of a very steep one, so any trip to the main road for a bus or the shops works up quite the sweat. We used the local buses to go to Alanya, which are super easy to use - there are no bus stops as such, just look and wave at the bus driver headed to Alanya, then stay on until they stop at the bus station in the middle is town. To get back, the bus driver yelled out the Hotels as he got near them. Yorum: We're treated badly by the staff ☹️ they need proper training. Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Yorum: Overall nice hotel , good location. Yorum: Lovely hotel in a good location. Really good location, perfect open infinity view swimming pool, nice kitchen. Yorum: There's not much to do in this location. Big hotel, beautiful location, very nice design, spotless clean, good room size and standard despite being the cheapest one. Everything was amazing the food, the people the location the entertainment, the Turkish SPA!!! The advantage of the hotel is its location on the mountain. It's a shame as the resort is a lovely place in a beautiful location but the reception staff have completely ruined this the way we have been treated. Yorum: Spectacular place, amazing service and staff (Big thumbs up to Firat ;) ) and amazing location ! Private beach is a 5-minute walkable distance but down a steep hill, there is a cool tractor shuttle available to drop off and pick up. I will not comment anything political but I will say that the staff reacted very late and security came not in time to stop the fight, The distance to the beach: there is a tractor going to the beach, in 2 minutes max you are on the beach, the tractor is going so often, we never waited more than 3 minutes. It's a good distance from the airport and about 30 minutes to the nearest proper towns; either Side or Alanya, but both towns are definitely worth visiting. For eat time, personel was properly protected, but no social distance in the rows. There are shops nearby, go down the hill, take a left and there is shops down that road for about a mile long! The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. Overall, I liked the hotel, beautiful and well-kept area. Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Loved that the hotel had its own area on the beach too so the all inclusive is also on the beach. The area is quiet isolated and it felt like cabin fever, however it is ideal if you only want to stay at the hotel. Food could be better if compared to some other places of similar 5start level kids area is a little dull too 50. Beach area is beautiful. The pool area is amazing. Yorum: One of the nicest hotels in the area. The only inconvenient of having a pool/sea view room is that some parties are placed in that area so if you want to sleep earlier than 23:00 you cant to this because of the noise. I'm not enough shops in the area. The pool area is very nice and maybe the cleanest I’ve ever seen. There are also a few cats in the pool area in the evening, and a very loving black cat on the beach. Yorum: Like many I found the hotel to excel in some areas and massively fail in others. Foreign tv mostly and nothing around surrounding area of hotel to do. Except in the photo area. Definitely one of the best we've seen in the area. It's at the top of a substantial hill, which gives great views of the area and sea. The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea. In the surrounding area, there's a couple of small supermarkets but not much else other than hotels and Trip organisers. Yorum: The most beautiful hotel in the area. There is a guest relations area where they do speak English but they don't actually do anything about any complaints so what's the point ? Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. We chose Turkey as our destination, believing it would be a safe and welcoming place for us as Muslims. It's just a unique place to rest..! They have an in house Doctor, market place and a beautiful spa, Atai was kind enough to offer a deal and was very relaxing. Enough place for everyone. Yorum: Absolutely amazing place the staff was so friendly and helpful... Yorum: Absolutely amazing place with beautiful beach and interiors. Yorum: Besides a great vacation place, the people working there are extremely nice and helpful. Food could be better if compared to some other places of similar 5start level kids area is a little dull too 50. Definitely a 5* place. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. There are some beautiful social places and main restaurant. Yorum: Back from 2 weeks and loved the place. What a nice place to stay. The only inconvenient of having a pool/sea view room is that some parties are placed in that area so if you want to sleep earlier than 23:00 you cant to this because of the noise. Near the sea you can always find free sunbeds for me the umbrellas werent really good cause you cant spread them or place them were you want. Yorum: Clean ,quiet, food is best and delicious, its best place for relaxing 103. When it come to food variety and customer service this place is at the best 2+ hotel. It's a shame as the resort is a lovely place in a beautiful location but the reception staff have completely ruined this the way we have been treated. It's a great place to spend a relaxing vacation. It's such a grand place, with amazing sea view (definitely get a sea view room). It's a great place to visit. Other than that the place is really well run. This place is lovely, with something for everyone. Never will I recommend this place to anyone coming from England as they treated us like second class guests with their service. So, if someone looks for more secure hotel, this is not place for him. The place is beautiful. Yorum: Spectacular place, amazing service and staff (Big thumbs up to Firat ;) ) and amazing location ! overall I highly recommend this place to anybody visiting Antalya 167. Yorum: Lovely place great weather food a bit hit and miss, great party nights and foam pool party in the afternoon, not much around hotel a few shops good entertainment, animation team do good job keeping people entertained, beach is shingle and pebbles quite hard to walk on, hotel is spotless rooms are lovely we had one with jacuzzi on which was great 169.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 9.6
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 41
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The must thing I like is spa and Ms Gizem is so helpful ,kind and sweet . The staff was welcoming and warm, apart from one member of the spa staff. The spa services are wonderful, and I enjoyed a massage and haman package(reasonably priced) Disco in the hotel if you want a late night dance Beach is down a steep hill, but there is transport... Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Yorum: I recommend everyone come to this hotel specially when you going to Turkish spa and hamam I met GIZEM there she was very helpful and friendly as well she speaks Arabic and English very well 😘😘😘😘😘 44. Thank you for masage Spa is very nice personel Gizem is every time smile Ilove you thank you 55. The hotel spa staff Aya and everyone there was so wonderful! Guest relations lady always smiled and her husband works in the spa who was amazing to talk to! The spa is stunning. The spa service was superb, it was accommodated for women whom where hijabs, VIP treatment was an awesome experience. The dessert selection was amazing and we got to have the best Baklava/ rice puddings and macarons😍😍 What made the hotel stand out was the little things including: staff collecting bags from the bus on arrival and bringing them to your rooms; a drink from the reception bar whilst checking in; snacks and refreshments available as soon as you walk into reception; a wide selection of drinks and beautiful cocktails; an all inclusive mini bar in the room; free use of the safe; free use of the spa facilities (can obviously upgrade to treatments and I would definitely recommend this! Yorum: Very poor service the woman running the Spa was extremely rude. Yorum: Spa was so beautiful and so good massage Thanks full AT gizem ans vedat for enjoyed 101. Room is lovely and spa very nice. Yorum: When we come in this hotel , we couldn’t speak with anyone because we don’t speak turkey but there is the best person there in the spa Gizem, she’s so sweet and she speaks Arabic , she really helps us 👍🏼 anyway love you litore you’re the best ❤️ 123. The Spa in the hotel is lovely and the team based in there are great and very helpful. Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness). The spa services are wonderful, and I enjoyed a massage and haman package(reasonably priced) Disco in the hotel if you want a late night dance Beach is down a steep hill, but there is transport... We used a couples programme 80€ per person for hamam bath, peeling, bubble bath, massage, face mask (it was all 2 hours). Spa massages are incredible and really good value. Heard a lot of people say its the best massage they've had. Spa was nice, but be sure to mention how you want a massage as they can be quite rough and overly friendly compared to a UK masseur. Yorum: Spa was so beautiful and so good massage Thanks full AT gizem ans vedat for enjoyed 101. Professional massage in spa. Spa: lovely options - hamam and sauna gym and so many. Spa facilities are available too, with free use of sauna/steam rooms. The hotel itself is really big you can find saunas, shops and even a gym. Saunas and gym is free. Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness). Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. Yorum: What a brilliant way to finish our holiday, 5 days of relaxation and sun soaked. The spa service was superb, it was accommodated for women whom where hijabs, VIP treatment was an awesome experience. The dessert selection was amazing and we got to have the best Baklava/ rice puddings and macarons😍😍 What made the hotel stand out was the little things including: staff collecting bags from the bus on arrival and bringing them to your rooms; a drink from the reception bar whilst checking in; snacks and refreshments available as soon as you walk into reception; a wide selection of drinks and beautiful cocktails; an all inclusive mini bar in the room; free use of the safe; free use of the spa facilities (can obviously upgrade to treatments and I would definitely recommend this! Hammam owner same story. Room: The room we booked was a standard jacuzzi room and we were so so so surprised: it was a beautiful big room with an amazing view. From the minute we arrived at 3am, we were extremely tired and met Mesut and the bell boy who checked us in, gave us sandwiches as we were hungry and did not eat, they showed us to our room and upgraded me to a jacuzzi room! Great rooms, especially the one we had with jacuzzi on the balcony! Very nice beach and outside pool, great rooms with Jacuzzi. Yorum: Reception girl Beyza was polite, big room with private jacuzzi, nice sunset view from swimming pool and from beach as well. Yorum: Lovely place great weather food a bit hit and miss, great party nights and foam pool party in the afternoon, not much around hotel a few shops good entertainment, animation team do good job keeping people entertained, beach is shingle and pebbles quite hard to walk on, hotel is spotless rooms are lovely we had one with jacuzzi on which was great 169. Spa facilities are available too, with free use of sauna/steam rooms.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 9.1
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 40
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): All in all, we (me and my family) definitely recommend this hotel and my only complain is that the vacation wasn't longer! Yorum: Had a great holiday with my family here at Litore! Yorum: My family and I visited Turkey this month for a holiday and stayed at the Litore Resort Hotel and Spa. So thank you litore family for everything. They got everything you need for a family in one property. The staff came out with us and waved as we left, I felt like at family. Yorum: This was great family vacation, with two teenagers, 11 and 14. We were spending so much nice time there, as family. Service is good …need more “english speakers staff“ Wi-fi was terrible first day we arrived , doesnt work and the reception girl said to us wait till tomorrow , in evening reception boy gave us staff code so we finally had wifi on our phones and communucated with our family after 12 h we arrived at hotel. 2 bed room family room was spacious and always clean. I can recommend this hotel from Family perspective. We were here as a big family(7 persons) and enjoyed a lot. Yorum: Had a week here with the family. Mimi,Babo,Asya,Carlos,Can are like our family. I paid up front for a family photo shoot at the pool. Grandparents and extended family dressed up, participated. The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea. We payed 3-4 months ago but apperently is only for “family” which they haven’t defined anywhere!! Yorum: My family and I stayed there for the half term in May, right from the start the service was very poor as we got there very early morning, no snacks or whatever awaiting us which was a first. Recommend for family and snorkeling. Kids loved the pool, the water slides and the activities around the pool. Everyone found it so funny to be driving in it, i notices especially kids enjoyed it. And, yeah, separate part and food line for the small kids. Food could be better if compared to some other places of similar 5start level kids area is a little dull too 50. The kids loved the water tubes. Lolita in kids klub is the best. Yorum: Good pools, good kids club, good entertainment, good room. My compliments to animation team and kids club staff. The Entertainment team are fantastic; We had Tito, Babo on activities and Alonya in Kids club who is absolutely brilliant with the kids. (It was 6 TL each, even our 8 and 7 year old, but other guests managed to get the kids for free). Polite and always smiley with the guests, specially with the kids. Yorum: Dream resort I booked 3 days for 300 dollars and it is worth more than that I went with my kids and we really enjoyed and after the reservation was over we wanted to extend but we did not get rooms available I wanted to thank everyone in this resort and highly recommend it 170. Yorum: Good pools, good kids club, good entertainment, good room. My compliments to animation team and kids club staff. The Entertainment team are fantastic; We had Tito, Babo on activities and Alonya in Kids club who is absolutely brilliant with the kids. This hotel will be good for both adults and children. Staff were great, fun and had a lasting memory on our children. The food isn't catered to English but they do have things on for children such as chips, chicken nuggets, pizza bread etc. Animation team for every recommendation for both children and adults. There are plenty of activities to do in the hotel, but having young children that get bored on rainy days, it would've been nice if the games room had remained free (which is one reason why I booked this hotel orginally), but is now chargeable (at certain times it seemed to be free and open however!) Whenever we had any issues, the staff were quick to resolve them and happy to help.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 7.5
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 31
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): This was particularly challenging for us, as we were traveling with a baby and had to carry the stroller up and down the stairs. We were with 1 year old baby and a stroller, one of the elevator on our side of the hotel was not working and the other one was always full, so we had to walk to the other side. The beach was far there was a tractor that took us there, the road was very steap to walk on foot not to mention with stroller. All in all, we (me and my family) definitely recommend this hotel and my only complain is that the vacation wasn't longer! Yorum: Had a great holiday with my family here at Litore! Yorum: My family and I visited Turkey this month for a holiday and stayed at the Litore Resort Hotel and Spa. So thank you litore family for everything. They got everything you need for a family in one property. The staff came out with us and waved as we left, I felt like at family. Yorum: This was great family vacation, with two teenagers, 11 and 14. We were spending so much nice time there, as family. Service is good …need more “english speakers staff“ Wi-fi was terrible first day we arrived , doesnt work and the reception girl said to us wait till tomorrow , in evening reception boy gave us staff code so we finally had wifi on our phones and communucated with our family after 12 h we arrived at hotel. 2 bed room family room was spacious and always clean. I can recommend this hotel from Family perspective. We were here as a big family(7 persons) and enjoyed a lot. Yorum: Had a week here with the family. Mimi,Babo,Asya,Carlos,Can are like our family. I paid up front for a family photo shoot at the pool. Grandparents and extended family dressed up, participated. The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea. We payed 3-4 months ago but apperently is only for “family” which they haven’t defined anywhere!! Yorum: My family and I stayed there for the half term in May, right from the start the service was very poor as we got there very early morning, no snacks or whatever awaiting us which was a first. Recommend for family and snorkeling. This was particularly challenging for us, as we were traveling with a baby and had to carry the stroller up and down the stairs. We were with 1 year old baby and a stroller, one of the elevator on our side of the hotel was not working and the other one was always full, so we had to walk to the other side. The worst was when my baby got sick and they didn’t allow the doctor to enter the hotel not even in the lobby, so he checked her outside the hotel on 100 degrees. This hotel will be good for both adults and children. Staff were great, fun and had a lasting memory on our children. The food isn't catered to English but they do have things on for children such as chips, chicken nuggets, pizza bread etc. Animation team for every recommendation for both children and adults. There are plenty of activities to do in the hotel, but having young children that get bored on rainy days, it would've been nice if the games room had remained free (which is one reason why I booked this hotel orginally), but is now chargeable (at certain times it seemed to be free and open however!) Whenever we had any issues, the staff were quick to resolve them and happy to help.

Rating for Party Experience: 7.7
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 20
All results text for Party Experience: Evening entertainment a theatre for live performance, pool party, disco and many other things. Every night was an entertaiment (danceshow, party, karaoke…). Also they organized on each day a different activity like foam party, night festivals, concerts, parties etc. Also we where a party of three but the room had been set up for two. Yorum: Lovely place great weather food a bit hit and miss, great party nights and foam pool party in the afternoon, not much around hotel a few shops good entertainment, animation team do good job keeping people entertained, beach is shingle and pebbles quite hard to walk on, hotel is spotless rooms are lovely we had one with jacuzzi on which was great 169. Bar at pool, music, a cute lady making gözleme. Had the best night of my life when a Michael Jackson impersonater came, there were parties with gogo dancers (very much with taste and not explicit) and many live music and dj, organized parties to go to Alanya (we didnt go we were tired). We've had to decamp to the beach as the music near the pool is way too loud to read or think. The staff, room and food are amazing as is the hotel itself but sadly the loud music lets it down😢 34. Music shuts down around 11. Biggest disadvantages: WIFI FISH A la carte restorant BUS RIDE FRUITS-Lacked the best ones (Strawberries and pineapple) Hill to the sea Minor disadvantages that there was always loud music playing by the pool, needed some quiet time. There’s music in the evenings and different activities, the entertainment team is hilarious, I really enjoyed meeting Ibrahim and Mimi. Poor food even though there is a huge selection, no snacks included, drinks are served quickly and powerful but not that nice, staff aren't that friendly, some staff are outright rude, pool side music is too loud to relax. Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. And a bit loud music and parties that were organized, but after closing the balcony door we could barely hear it in our room but that wasn’t a problem for us (but keep in mind there are a few events in the evenings where they play music very loudly). (The puddings by the way are exquisitely decorated!) They also had a few Themed food nights, of which, the Turkish one was amazing (complete with a live music, the local pancake things being made traditionally and local alcohol). Had the best night of my life when a Michael Jackson impersonater came, there were parties with gogo dancers (very much with taste and not explicit) and many live music and dj, organized parties to go to Alanya (we didnt go we were tired). There were some parties as well, I suggest to the DJ not to remix every song. Others even names we don't remember as anyone from them was communicating, DJ saw us and started to communicate gaved five asked names etc.. Absolutely loved Dj Azad, his mixes were great and the atmosphere was just perfect.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 10.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 10
All results text for Sports Facilities: Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness). Spa: lovely options - hamam and sauna gym and so many. Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. For such a luxurious hotel the gym was small and basic, could be better. There were various activities like water polo and water gymnastics, table tennis and so on during the day, and theme parties in the evening. The hotel itself is really big you can find saunas, shops and even a gym. The gym itself isnt big but its enough to make a decent workout. Saunas and gym is free. Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness). There were various activities like water polo and water gymnastics, table tennis and so on during the day, and theme parties in the evening.

Rating for Honeymoon: 8.5
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 10
All results text for Honeymoon: Yorum: Honeymoon was awesome! The first night we were surprised by a romantic bed decoration. Hotel is connected with the private beach in the private bay, you even don't need to walk down/up hill, so great! Private beach is a 5-minute walkable distance but down a steep hill, there is a cool tractor shuttle available to drop off and pick up. A private beach where you can relax and Views to die for. The view from the infinity part of the pool is amazing looking out to the private beach with bar and toilets. It's about 10 minutes walk from Litore to private beach. Yorum: Excellent hotel, nice swimming pool the food is amazing and there is even a private beach . Hygiene is on spot in every environment : Lobby, Restaurant, snack zone, al a carte restaurant, pool , aqua park , hallway, room , bathrooms both private and shared. Yorum: Reception girl Beyza was polite, big room with private jacuzzi, nice sunset view from swimming pool and from beach as well.

Rating for Special Menu: 10.0
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 10
All results text for Special Menu: The facilities are excellent and we survived dining well enough as vegans, plenty of choice. Special Thanks to Dilira (Food Quality Manager) who accommodated with our dietary requirements vegetarian food. Big Credit goes to Guven Chef and fresh bread bakery chef for making the vegetarian spicy food. If you are Vegetarian... Only wish they varied the vegetarian food selection.. Specially, 'cause several restaurants and patisserie, where always some of it is open between meals. The only thing is that every a la carte has extra charge meals. Their meals were not coordinated with beach time. The meals and drinks are perfect, and we also loved the evening shows. Restaurants closed most of time so promised a la carte meals impossible to get.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 8.1
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 5
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: The meals and drinks are perfect, and we also loved the evening shows. Had the best night of my life when a Michael Jackson impersonater came, there were parties with gogo dancers (very much with taste and not explicit) and many live music and dj, organized parties to go to Alanya (we didnt go we were tired). (The puddings by the way are exquisitely decorated!) They also had a few Themed food nights, of which, the Turkish one was amazing (complete with a live music, the local pancake things being made traditionally and local alcohol). And they will sometimes put on acrobatic type performances. Evening performances make it impossible to get bored there.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 10.0
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Yorum: What a brilliant way to finish our holiday, 5 days of relaxation and sun soaked. Yorum: goos The environment is calm and full of good feelings clean Great staff little hotel but full foods good price for this hotel is down and few 174.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 10.0
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 2
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: We used a couples programme 80€ per person for hamam bath, peeling, bubble bath, massage, face mask (it was all 2 hours). Yorum: What a brilliant way to finish our holiday, 5 days of relaxation and sun soaked.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 10.0
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 1
All results text for Pet-Friendly: There are also a few cats in the pool area in the evening, and a very loving black cat on the beach.

Rating for Diving: 10.0
Total number of comments for Diving: 1
All results text for Diving: Recommend for family and snorkeling.

