Hotel Name: Melas Lara Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 9.5
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 225
All results text for Service Quality: Yorum: Super friendly staff. Friendly staff. We really liked the hotel, its friendly staff and cleanliness. The rooms are cleaned every day, I would especially like to thank the cleaning staff. However, I understand what the hotel staff are saying, the market and the hair salon will be expensive, but there is no need to be arrogant. The staff is everywhere at the same time. The reception staff offered us a drink and brought our check-in documents directly to our seats, without the need to queue at reception. Our room was clean and the next day a little surprise awaited us: small flowers carefully placed on our beds by the cleaning staff. Wherever we went, we saw cleaning staff everywhere, working diligently despite the heat. All facilities were very clean and well maintained, the staff was always very friendly and helpful. Great staff who are very friendly and helpful. The staff is super friendly and helpful, you feel in good hands. Whether it's reception, service staff, room service, bellhops, housekeeping, cooks. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Super delicious food 😋 The staff is always friendly and helpful. Very, very nice and attentive staff, incredibly good buffet, great variety and prepared with great care. Yorum: The staff was incredibly attentive and friendly to guests. The staff hovers around you. The staff is very helpful and friendly. We would especially like to highlight the kindness and attention of the staff, who always tried to make our stay as pleasant as possible. Yorum: Great hotel that is not that big with excellent and dedicated staff. The restaurant staff is great!!! Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. All the staff are very attentive and hard-working. In fact, the friendly and attentive attitude of the staff in general made us very happy. The hotel staff welcomed us warmly and we felt very comfortable. The staff is friendly and very careful. The staff is very attentive, friendly and pleasant... Thanks to all the staff, they do their job correctly. The food was excellent, my special praise and thanks to the restaurant staff, what they do is mega. A huge thank you to the staff who keep the whole area clean and pretty, to the photographers, to the sauna staff, in particular the Hamam staff, to the beach security, to all the bar staff. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. Yorum: The hotel staff was very attentive, friendly and solution-oriented. Yorum: The hotel is highly recommended, all the staff are very nice and friendly, always helpful. The staff was not helpful, I just left it. The staff looked after me like a mother, father, sister, brother, rather than an employee. The hotel is incredibly clean and constantly attended to by friendly staff. The hotel service is first class, with friendly and helpful staff. Thank you very much for the friendly service from all the staff. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The cleanliness, food and friendliness of the staff were really great. I had 12 days of pure luxury and attention from the hotel staff. Please, dear guests, the staff always treats you with kindness. We immediately felt at home, the staff is very helpful and friendly. Staff: Even though the season was coming to an end and we knew that, whether in service, at the reception, in garden maintenance, in cleaning or in other areas, the employees have to work a lot, we always had the feeling that we were really welcome. The staff in general. 10- The staff of this hotel are very nice and the waiters are very likeable. Yorum: Great hotel, amazing buffet, great German speaking staff, great pool, beach right next to the hotel, only negative thing was that the shower was in the bathtub. Greeted by the staff very politely and warmly, check in was quick and painless and then we were helped… 69. The staff also cleaned it. The staff is very friendly. The staff will often assist you in German. All in all, a nice, slightly dated hotel with excellent service, friendly staff and good food at the buffet. All the staff were very friendly and always very helpful. All the staff are friendly and the food is excellent. Yorum: Great hotel, exceptionally good food, super friendly and courteous staff, plus a very nice beach with outdoor facilities. Starting with the friendly staff, excellent service and great cuisine with its varied food. There were also some weaknesses among the staff, sometimes they told us that the rice contained gluten, sometimes it was gluten-free. The staff knew this and always gave us a responsible person who took 5 minutes to explain everything to us and not just half the buffet. Very dedicated staff! The hotel staff was always friendly. It is super clean, everything smells great and the staff is very friendly and attentive. Very friendly and helpful staff. The evening activities are great and the staff is VERY friendly. I was especially surprised by the staff. Such a fantastic and dedicated staff... Very attentive and friendly staff. Special thanks to the staff, they are very responsive, the reception is the best! In terms of quality/price ratio, Melas is at the top.||Very pleasant stay, the positive points:||- Green, pleasant and well-kept territory.|- Staff… 101. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel and the staff and service. The hotel is clean and our room was a good size.||The staff are very warm, friendly and helpful. The staff was very friendly and attentive, the whole area was very nice to look at and clean. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, the food is delicious, the comfort is of the highest standard, it was a very enjoyable holiday, I hope to come back again (my note to the authoritative friend who organised the evening entertainment, please do better, the hotel wants this). Yorum: Super friendly staff. Friendly staff. We really liked the hotel, its friendly staff and cleanliness. The hotel is incredibly clean and constantly attended to by friendly staff. All in all, a nice, slightly dated hotel with excellent service, friendly staff and good food at the buffet. Starting with the friendly staff, excellent service and great cuisine with its varied food. Very attentive and friendly staff. The hotel reception was very friendly and helpful. All facilities were very clean and well maintained, the staff was always very friendly and helpful. Great staff who are very friendly and helpful. A cheerful, always helpful man who greets us every day with a smile and kind words. The staff is super friendly and helpful, you feel in good hands. There is no discrimination between Turks and foreigners, on the contrary, they are much more helpful. Zeynep at the lobby bar and Ali at the pool bar are extremely friendly and helpful. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Super delicious food 😋 The staff is always friendly and helpful. The staff is very helpful and friendly. I can only praise the reception, always with a smile on their face, always friendly, good knowledge of several languages, helpful and accommodating. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. Even for my personal problem, the lady serving drinks in the dining room was very helpful. Yorum: The hotel is highly recommended, all the staff are very nice and friendly, always helpful. The staff was not helpful, I just left it. The hotel service is first class, with friendly and helpful staff. The staff was always friendly and helpful. Your team was always punctual, polite and helpful. We immediately felt at home, the staff is very helpful and friendly. Nazan Cankir is very helpful and friendly and will give you a warm welcome... All the staff were very friendly and always very helpful. The service, especially Emine, Ozlem and Ebru, were always friendly, good-humoured and very helpful. Very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is clean and our room was a good size.||The staff are very warm, friendly and helpful. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, the food is delicious, the comfort is of the highest standard, it was a very enjoyable holiday, I hope to come back again (my note to the authoritative friend who organised the evening entertainment, please do better, the hotel wants this). Yorum: Super friendly staff. Friendly staff. We really liked the hotel, its friendly staff and cleanliness. The rooms are cleaned every day, I would especially like to thank the cleaning staff. However, I understand what the hotel staff are saying, the market and the hair salon will be expensive, but there is no need to be arrogant. The staff is everywhere at the same time. The reception staff offered us a drink and brought our check-in documents directly to our seats, without the need to queue at reception. Our room was clean and the next day a little surprise awaited us: small flowers carefully placed on our beds by the cleaning staff. Wherever we went, we saw cleaning staff everywhere, working diligently despite the heat. All facilities were very clean and well maintained, the staff was always very friendly and helpful. Great staff who are very friendly and helpful. The staff is super friendly and helpful, you feel in good hands. Whether it's reception, service staff, room service, bellhops, housekeeping, cooks. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Super delicious food 😋 The staff is always friendly and helpful. Very, very nice and attentive staff, incredibly good buffet, great variety and prepared with great care. Yorum: The staff was incredibly attentive and friendly to guests. The staff hovers around you. The staff is very helpful and friendly. We would especially like to highlight the kindness and attention of the staff, who always tried to make our stay as pleasant as possible. Yorum: Great hotel that is not that big with excellent and dedicated staff. The restaurant staff is great!!! Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. All the staff are very attentive and hard-working. In fact, the friendly and attentive attitude of the staff in general made us very happy. The hotel staff welcomed us warmly and we felt very comfortable. The staff is friendly and very careful. The staff is very attentive, friendly and pleasant... Thanks to all the staff, they do their job correctly. The food was excellent, my special praise and thanks to the restaurant staff, what they do is mega. A huge thank you to the staff who keep the whole area clean and pretty, to the photographers, to the sauna staff, in particular the Hamam staff, to the beach security, to all the bar staff. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. Yorum: The hotel staff was very attentive, friendly and solution-oriented. Yorum: The hotel is highly recommended, all the staff are very nice and friendly, always helpful. The staff was not helpful, I just left it. The staff looked after me like a mother, father, sister, brother, rather than an employee. The hotel is incredibly clean and constantly attended to by friendly staff. The hotel service is first class, with friendly and helpful staff. Thank you very much for the friendly service from all the staff. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The cleanliness, food and friendliness of the staff were really great. I had 12 days of pure luxury and attention from the hotel staff. Please, dear guests, the staff always treats you with kindness. We immediately felt at home, the staff is very helpful and friendly. Staff: Even though the season was coming to an end and we knew that, whether in service, at the reception, in garden maintenance, in cleaning or in other areas, the employees have to work a lot, we always had the feeling that we were really welcome. The staff in general. 10- The staff of this hotel are very nice and the waiters are very likeable. Yorum: Great hotel, amazing buffet, great German speaking staff, great pool, beach right next to the hotel, only negative thing was that the shower was in the bathtub. Greeted by the staff very politely and warmly, check in was quick and painless and then we were helped… 69. The staff also cleaned it. The staff is very friendly. The staff will often assist you in German. All in all, a nice, slightly dated hotel with excellent service, friendly staff and good food at the buffet. All the staff were very friendly and always very helpful. All the staff are friendly and the food is excellent. Yorum: Great hotel, exceptionally good food, super friendly and courteous staff, plus a very nice beach with outdoor facilities. Starting with the friendly staff, excellent service and great cuisine with its varied food. There were also some weaknesses among the staff, sometimes they told us that the rice contained gluten, sometimes it was gluten-free. The staff knew this and always gave us a responsible person who took 5 minutes to explain everything to us and not just half the buffet. Very dedicated staff! The hotel staff was always friendly. It is super clean, everything smells great and the staff is very friendly and attentive. Very friendly and helpful staff. The evening activities are great and the staff is VERY friendly. I was especially surprised by the staff. Such a fantastic and dedicated staff... Very attentive and friendly staff. Special thanks to the staff, they are very responsive, the reception is the best! In terms of quality/price ratio, Melas is at the top.||Very pleasant stay, the positive points:||- Green, pleasant and well-kept territory.|- Staff… 101. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel and the staff and service. The hotel is clean and our room was a good size.||The staff are very warm, friendly and helpful. The staff was very friendly and attentive, the whole area was very nice to look at and clean. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, the food is delicious, the comfort is of the highest standard, it was a very enjoyable holiday, I hope to come back again (my note to the authoritative friend who organised the evening entertainment, please do better, the hotel wants this). Yorum: Great beach, good service, food and room. The service was fast, we loved the Turkish night food, there was a great variety of alcohol, by the way, and the waiters did not discriminate between Turks and foreigners, and I really liked the a la carte food, it was free. Everything was clean, good service and very good food.👍 Large well kept outdoor area.||Continuous sound of other hotels from left and right. We have never experienced such fast, perfect and friendly service anywhere in the world. High-level service from the first moment. Great service at the bars. Furthermore, all the services at this hotel are of a very high standard, but it would be difficult to remember all the names. Anyone who really values ​​a relaxing holiday with good food and excellent service will be more than satisfied with this hotel. As soon as the glass is empty, he brings you a new one: perfect service. Whether it's reception, service staff, room service, bellhops, housekeeping, cooks. The hotel had excellent service, regardless of whether they were Turkish or foreign guests. What I found sad was that in other hotels you even had beach services for 1300€... Really great food, great rooms, great atmosphere, always attentive to everything from service, from the kitchen to the cleaning and the gardeners. The reception service was also very detailed. Room service was great, room was cleaned very nicely for a small tip. Yorum: The cleaning and room service were very good. + Rich buffet in the main restaurant, friendly service. The service is also bad. I found the service impressive. The service in general is not at 5 star level. The hotel service is first class, with friendly and helpful staff. Thank you very much for the friendly service from all the staff. Staff: Even though the season was coming to an end and we knew that, whether in service, at the reception, in garden maintenance, in cleaning or in other areas, the employees have to work a lot, we always had the feeling that we were really welcome. The service is excellent! All in all, a nice, slightly dated hotel with excellent service, friendly staff and good food at the buffet. The service is excellent, every guest is really looked after and helped. Our room was very nice with a partial sea view and was always cleaned and serviced. Yorum: We are very satisfied with the hotel service. Starting with the friendly staff, excellent service and great cuisine with its varied food. Yorum: An excellent hotel Whether it is the service, the food, the people who work. Erka's service was so perfect that our table was never left empty. The service was also good, the waitresses were stressed, you could tell. The service, especially Emine, Ozlem and Ebru, were always friendly, good-humoured and very helpful. The beach is fine, but there is no pier or service. Yorum: Second time here, and again everything was great 👍 excellent food, super nice 👍 Excellent guest service 👌 can definitely be recommended. Victory Bey for his sincere services. Great service and very friendly. Best service ever, if you like it you get enough entertainment, the animators work hard. The service is quite good, except for room service in the dining room. Great food and service. It is clean, well maintained and the service is commendable. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel and the staff and service. The food is very, very good and the service too. The highest praise and respect to the team that provides the all-inclusive service with attention to every detail. Everything is clean (thanks to the lady who serviced room 1501). Your service is at the highest level! Service, customer friendliness and overall communication are extremely poor.

Rating for Beach: 7.8
Total number of comments for Beach: 97
All results text for Beach: Yorum: Very spacious rooms and the best of all is the food, everything you try is delicious, the beach is beautiful and if you have time, don't miss going to the center of Antalya to see it. Yorum: Great beach, good service, food and room. The room, the food, the pool, the beach, the sea and everything is great. The hotel is ideal for people who enjoy beach and bathing culture and would like to eat and drink plenty of good food. The hotel has a nice garden that leads directly to the beach. For beach lovers, there is always seating available and volleyball games start around 11:00 for those looking for extra fun. The sea is crystal clear and the beach bar ensures that you will never be short of refreshments and snacks. The pool is large, there are plenty of sun loungers at any given time and you can find something to do on the beach. The poolside and beach bars serve fresh food. At the beach bar we can highlight Ebru. The location of the beach is great. The facilities were great and it was a lovely walk to the beach. The beach is cleaned and cleaned daily. Yorum: The hotel is not as big as some of the bunkers in Lara Beach, with about 320 rooms. The sea is a little wavy, the sandy beach suddenly becomes deeper. What I found sad was that in other hotels you even had beach services for 1300€... The location near the beach is ideal! The beach is also clean and there are enough sun loungers, but small children find it a bit difficult to swim because the depth gets quite deep. Swimming pool with bar (any drinks👌), beach bar, same, also a large selection of ice cream and fruits, you can also have lunch. Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. The hotel is right on the beach. Special mention should be made of + Cleanliness, the beach bathrooms are also cleaned periodically. + Extensive all-inclusive offer with many drinks, cocktails and popsicles, also at the beach bar + Large and very pleasant lobby lounge with terrace + Snack bar on the beach and pool, where you can also have lunch in a swimsuit - Negative: at night it is noisy everywhere, but it belongs to the Turkish Riviera - One star deduction for rooms with a bathtub instead of a shower, not without risk for older semesters 45. A huge thank you to the staff who keep the whole area clean and pretty, to the photographers, to the sauna staff, in particular the Hamam staff, to the beach security, to all the bar staff. The beach was sandy, we never had any problems with sun loungers, it was just a bit of sea. The beach is super nice and the pools were heated at the beginning of May which we thought was great so the mini could splash around nicely :) 54. Ebru from the beach bar, Mr. The pool area and private beach area are excellently maintained. A beautiful view from the seventh floor of a beautifully maintained garden, the sea and the beach, which is about 300 m away. The path to the beach is a pleasure among the well-kept vegetation, benches along the path and two bars where you can enjoy a cold drink or a delicious coffee and snacks. Conclusion: Excellent location, you can reach the beach in a few minutes on foot. What impressed us most was the proximity to the beach and the numerous shopping possibilities in the area, which made our stay even more enjoyable. The snacks at the pool and beach bars are different and cater to all tastes. WiFi: Available throughout the hotel, whether in the room, pool or beach. 9- The beach towels have turned into dust rags from being washed. Yorum: Great hotel, amazing buffet, great German speaking staff, great pool, beach right next to the hotel, only negative thing was that the shower was in the bathtub. The food tastes good… The rooms are clean… Pool bar, beach bar, lobby, everyone goes out of their way and does a great job! All facilities were clean as were the bathrooms/showers on the beach etc. Yorum: Great hotel, exceptionally good food, super friendly and courteous staff, plus a very nice beach with outdoor facilities. The beach was a bit boring as it was pebble, but with bathing shoes that was not a problem. in the pool and on the beach. Very minor inconvenience due to the long walk to the beach. Excellent view, balcony directly to the pool area and partial sea view and panoramic views of the beach and sea from the window. You can also have lunch at the beach bar or the pool bar. The walk to the beach is about 500m, but if you walk through the garden it won't be a pain. The hotel and grounds leading to the beach were beautiful and well maintained. Both the beach and the pool are very clean. The beach is fine, but there is no pier or service. Oasis of calm: a garden between the beach and the pool. Sandy beach until just before the shore. There is a beach club next door, but the pool area is not very enclosed. Yorum: Umbrellas on the beach are a bad idea. Great fun on the beach (petanque, volleyball games). The sea is a little wavy, the sandy beach suddenly becomes deeper. Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. The beach was sandy, we never had any problems with sun loungers, it was just a bit of sea. Sandy beach until just before the shore. Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. About 5 m from the shore, the depth of the sea is 120 cm to 150 cm. Sandy beach until just before the shore. The rooms are cleaned, in my case after midday, since the hotel is not full, I don't want to imagine it being in the middle of the season. The pool was clean, the sea wavy and deep, but the section of sun loungers was quite large. The room, the food, the pool, the beach, the sea and everything is great. The reception staff offered us a drink and brought our check-in documents directly to our seats, without the need to queue at reception. For beach lovers, there is always seating available and volleyball games start around 11:00 for those looking for extra fun. The sea is crystal clear and the beach bar ensures that you will never be short of refreshments and snacks. It's a very hot year, so the sea water doesn't cool down anymore, but you accept it and can't do anything about it. The sea is clean. We had no shortage of sun loungers by the sea and the pool. The sea is a little wavy, the sandy beach suddenly becomes deeper. In the morning the sea is calm and clean. It was great, especially for 1500€ to swim in rubbish (condoms, plastic bags for cups, etc.), because the jetty of the neighbouring hotel either fell into the sea or was washed away and dragged towards us by the current. However, the room barely had a sea view as actually offered, as we had our room on the first floor, there was not much to see except the beautiful garden. Yorum: The good: from the hotel to the sea, everything is great: 4+!!! Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. We will continue searching with mother-of-pearl buttons, but Lara is closed to me. The sea was rough and unfortunately the coast was dirty. Our room was bright and modernly furnished, with partial sea views. To get to the sea you walk a little through the beautiful garden with many flowers. All rooms with side balcony facing the sea. The beach was sandy, we never had any problems with sun loungers, it was just a bit of sea. We booked a room with a sea view, you saw it all. The rooms are clean, spacious and modern with sea views. A beautiful view from the seventh floor of a beautifully maintained garden, the sea and the beach, which is about 300 m away. Slightly inclined descent to the sea, the bottom covered with pleasant gravel. About 5 m from the shore, the depth of the sea is 120 cm to 150 cm. The side sea view here really means that I have a beautiful sea view. Staff: Even though the season was coming to an end and we knew that, whether in service, at the reception, in garden maintenance, in cleaning or in other areas, the employees have to work a lot, we always had the feeling that we were really welcome. Yorum: The hotel was located close to the airport, right next to the sea, with a large and clean pool. The main restaurant and pool/sea sections are also quite satisfactory. The sea was beautiful but we couldn't enjoy it. Our room was very nice with a partial sea view and was always cleaned and serviced. Therefore, it is generally not suitable for people with celiac disease. Excellent view, balcony directly to the pool area and partial sea view and panoramic views of the beach and sea from the window. There is not much rest during the season because every pensioner puts on his towel at 8 a.m. And to those who are always unhappy with the negativity about the sea water temperature and… 105. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, this is probably our eighth time here, we are very satisfied, I am also glad that the internet reception has improved significantly, right on the sea, that's why we give top marks, of course we will come here again.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 9.5
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 84
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: We really liked the hotel, its friendly staff and cleanliness. However, you can't complain about cleanliness or anything else. The cleanliness of our room, especially in the bathroom, left a lot to be desired. The cleanliness of the room is very good. Special mention should be made of + Cleanliness, the beach bathrooms are also cleaned periodically. Nice room with a comfortable bed, impeccable cleanliness in the room and in all facilities. The cleanliness, food and friendliness of the staff were really great. The cleanliness of the rooms also left nothing to be desired. The cleanliness of the rooms was good. Cleanliness everywhere. Excellent food, drinks, cleanliness and beauty! The rooms are cleaned, in my case after midday, since the hotel is not full, I don't want to imagine it being in the middle of the season. Everything very clean. The pool was very clean and there were plenty of sun loungers. We really liked the hotel, its friendly staff and cleanliness. The rooms are cleaned every day, I would especially like to thank the cleaning staff. The pool was clean, the sea wavy and deep, but the section of sun loungers was quite large. Everything was clean, good service and very good food.👍 Large well kept outdoor area.||Continuous sound of other hotels from left and right. Well maintained, very tasty, very clean and great fun for everyone. There is always cleaning somewhere. Our room was clean and the next day a little surprise awaited us: small flowers carefully placed on our beds by the cleaning staff. Wherever we went, we saw cleaning staff everywhere, working diligently despite the heat. All facilities were very clean and well maintained, the staff was always very friendly and helpful. Clean, quiet and comfortable hotel complex. The rooms were very clean and tidy, they were cleaned every day. The entire hotel is very clean and very well maintained. However, you can't complain about cleanliness or anything else. The reception is extremely professional, the rooms are spotlessly clean, the quality of the food is legendary, everything we put on our plate is extremely delicious and the variety of red meats and chicken is sufficient. The pools are sufficiently available and clean, but some individual tiles could be put back in place. Yorum: Lovely hotel, very clean, good rooms. Rooms always clean, no damage or anything like that. The sea is clean. The beach is cleaned and cleaned daily. Daily cleaning was done meticulously every day. In the morning the sea is calm and clean. Really great food, great rooms, great atmosphere, always attentive to everything from service, from the kitchen to the cleaning and the gardeners. Room service was great, room was cleaned very nicely for a small tip. The beach is also clean and there are enough sun loungers, but small children find it a bit difficult to swim because the depth gets quite deep. I wish the area around the hotel would be kept clean, outside of the hotel complex. All facilities, as well as our room, were always clean and well maintained, which contributed to creating a pleasant atmosphere. Yorum: Very clean hotel, spacious and well-equipped rooms. The cleanliness of our room, especially in the bathroom, left a lot to be desired. In nine days they didn't even clean the bathtub, where you also have to shower. Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. The cleanliness of the room is very good. Yorum: The cleaning and room service were very good. All facilities are very clean and well maintained. Special mention should be made of + Cleanliness, the beach bathrooms are also cleaned periodically. The food is good, the rooms are clean, of course, you need a team for this and that team is in this hotel, thank you. A huge thank you to the staff who keep the whole area clean and pretty, to the photographers, to the sauna staff, in particular the Hamam staff, to the beach security, to all the bar staff. The cleaning was also good, the only thing that caught my attention was the lack of slippers in the room. It was super clean and the food tasted great. I would like to sincerely thank our sister Leyla, who took care of the cleaning, and all the employees whose other names I do not remember. The hotel is incredibly clean and constantly attended to by friendly staff. The rooms are clean, spacious and modern with sea views. Nice room with a comfortable bed, impeccable cleanliness in the room and in all facilities. The cleanliness, food and friendliness of the staff were really great. Our room was clean, comfortable and tastefully decorated with great attention to detail. Very clean rooms, special thanks to Nevin, our cleaning angel. Staff: Even though the season was coming to an end and we knew that, whether in service, at the reception, in garden maintenance, in cleaning or in other areas, the employees have to work a lot, we always had the feeling that we were really welcome. Yorum: The hotel was located close to the airport, right next to the sea, with a large and clean pool. This is my first time here but it definitely won't be my last :) The hotel is very clean and the food is of great quality and there is no lack of variety. The rooms are spacious and clean. The cleaning is fine, the room next door is cleaned a little earlier, but the noise doesn't bother me. The staff also cleaned it. The food tastes good… The rooms are clean… Pool bar, beach bar, lobby, everyone goes out of their way and does a great job! The room was clean, good mattresses and well furnished. Our room was very nice with a partial sea view and was always cleaned and serviced. All facilities were clean as were the bathrooms/showers on the beach etc. The cleanliness of the rooms also left nothing to be desired. The praise went to our cleaning lady (unfortunately I don't know her name). The cleanliness of the rooms was good. Mesude always made sure we had a clean room. It is super clean, everything smells great and the staff is very friendly and attentive. The room was also very clean and the minibar was refilled immediately. Both the beach and the pool are very clean. Everything was very clean and well maintained (rooms, pool, garden). Cleanliness everywhere. It is clean, well maintained and the service is commendable. Excellent food, drinks, cleanliness and beauty! The hotel is clean and our room was a good size.||The staff are very warm, friendly and helpful. The entire facility is very well maintained and clean. The staff was very friendly and attentive, the whole area was very nice to look at and clean. Everything is clean (thanks to the lady who serviced room 1501).

Rating for Water Slides: 8.7
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 62
All results text for Water Slides: The pool is very nice, there are also slides, but if you want to lie down after breakfast you have to hurry, because some guests probably come in the evening to reserve the "best" sunbeds and never lie on them - cheers to the Berlin towels. The pool area is very nice with 3 slides. The beach is super nice and the pools were heated at the beginning of May which we thought was great so the mini could splash around nicely :) 54. The pool was very clean and there were plenty of sun loungers. The pool was clean, the sea wavy and deep, but the section of sun loungers was quite large. The room, the food, the pool, the beach, the sea and everything is great. The pool bar also offers a variety of delicacies and snacks. Pool towels were available in the room and could be changed daily. The pool is large, there are plenty of sun loungers at any given time and you can find something to do on the beach. The poolside and beach bars serve fresh food. Zeynep at the lobby bar and Ali at the pool bar are extremely friendly and helpful. The pools are sufficiently available and clean, but some individual tiles could be put back in place. Pool values ​​are checked periodically to ensure that the water always remains optimal. There are too many sun loungers next to each other at the pool, no showers to rinse off and the music is too loud. When we lost small items like the slippers we left at the pool and the bottle of water we left at the restaurant, they immediately took care of us and brought them to our room. We had no shortage of sun loungers by the sea and the pool. The pool area is really cool and kept very tidy so you feel very comfortable. The pool is very nice, there are also slides, but if you want to lie down after breakfast you have to hurry, because some guests probably come in the evening to reserve the "best" sunbeds and never lie on them - cheers to the Berlin towels. Unfortunately there are fewer sun loungers at the pool than necessary. Swimming pool with bar (any drinks👌), beach bar, same, also a large selection of ice cream and fruits, you can also have lunch. Both the pool bar and the snack bar are very good and varied. Ali Şahin and Elif, who worked at the pool bar, were very attentive. In the complex you can lie on the grass or by the pool. The pool area is very nice with 3 slides. + Extensive all-inclusive offer with many drinks, cocktails and popsicles, also at the beach bar + Large and very pleasant lobby lounge with terrace + Snack bar on the beach and pool, where you can also have lunch in a swimsuit - Negative: at night it is noisy everywhere, but it belongs to the Turkish Riviera - One star deduction for rooms with a bathtub instead of a shower, not without risk for older semesters 45. The beach is super nice and the pools were heated at the beginning of May which we thought was great so the mini could splash around nicely :) 54. The pool area and private beach area are excellently maintained. The hotel grounds were always well kept and the pool area had plenty of sun loungers and towels. The snacks at the pool and beach bars are different and cater to all tastes. Evening programme changes daily and during the day the entertainment team is present at the pool. WiFi: Available throughout the hotel, whether in the room, pool or beach. Yorum: The hotel was located close to the airport, right next to the sea, with a large and clean pool. Elif, who was at the pool bar, was attentive and friendly. From 06:00 onwards, the hotel starts a competition to grab a poolside sunbed, so you can even see people sleeping. Yorum: Great hotel, amazing buffet, great German speaking staff, great pool, beach right next to the hotel, only negative thing was that the shower was in the bathtub. The main restaurant and pool/sea sections are also quite satisfactory. The pool is not very big but it works well. The food tastes good… The rooms are clean… Pool bar, beach bar, lobby, everyone goes out of their way and does a great job! in the pool and on the beach. Excellent view, balcony directly to the pool area and partial sea view and panoramic views of the beach and sea from the window. You can also have lunch at the beach bar or the pool bar. Both the beach and the pool are very clean. It is not possible to get a sun lounger by the pool if you do not get up at 6:30 am. Everything was very clean and well maintained (rooms, pool, garden). Yorum: Nice and well maintained complex/hotel/pool. Oasis of calm: a garden between the beach and the pool. There is a beach club next door, but the pool area is not very enclosed. It's a very hot year, so the sea water doesn't cool down anymore, but you accept it and can't do anything about it. Pool values ​​are checked periodically to ensure that the water always remains optimal. When we lost small items like the slippers we left at the pool and the bottle of water we left at the restaurant, they immediately took care of us and brought them to our room. There was no water. 6- The cat house is under the sun, the water bowls are empty and dirty, according to Ms. And to those who are always unhappy with the negativity about the sea water temperature and… 105. Swimming pool with bar (any drinks👌), beach bar, same, also a large selection of ice cream and fruits, you can also have lunch. The poolside and beach bars serve fresh food. From 06:00 onwards, the hotel starts a competition to grab a poolside sunbed, so you can even see people sleeping. The pool area is really cool and kept very tidy so you feel very comfortable. The pool area is very nice with 3 slides. The pool area and private beach area are excellently maintained. The hotel grounds were always well kept and the pool area had plenty of sun loungers and towels. Excellent view, balcony directly to the pool area and partial sea view and panoramic views of the beach and sea from the window. There is a beach club next door, but the pool area is not very enclosed.

Rating for Transportation Options: 9.8
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 53
All results text for Transportation Options: The private hospital with which the hotel collaborates charges for transportation to and from the hospital. The private hospital with which the hotel collaborates charges for transportation to and from the hospital. Because we could have gone to a cheaper hospital with a taxi and doubled the distance and costs. Location a little far from the center, of course you can get there by taxi. Yorum: The hotel's proximity to the airport, just a 20-minute drive, made it incredibly convenient. Not far from the airport, everything went well. The hotel is not far from the airport, so the trip is not long. The hotel is not far from the airport so you can get there very quickly. Yorum: The transfer from the airport took half an hour. Yorum: The location of the hotel is close to the airport and is easily accessible. Yorum: The hotel is right on the Turkish Riviera and is only 15 minutes from the airport. Holel has a wonderful location and is about 20 minutes from the airport. Yorum: The hotel was located close to the airport, right next to the sea, with a large and clean pool. Not far from the center and very close to the airport. Good location, not far from the airport and 2 minutes from the hotel to the shops. Yorum: From here I would like to ask the hotel management, how do they get their employees to be so kind and hospitable in a business? Price-performance 👎 Disabled-friendly businesses 👎 Pet-friendly businesses 👎 67. The area is really worth seeing and is accessible by bus or car, so don't just consider the hotel as a holiday, but explore the area. The location of the beach is great. The location near the beach is ideal! Location a little far from the center, of course you can get there by taxi. Yorum: The location of the hotel is close to the airport and is easily accessible. The location of the hotel is very good. Holel has a wonderful location and is about 20 minutes from the airport. Conclusion: Excellent location, you can reach the beach in a few minutes on foot. The location is also very good. Good location, not far from the airport and 2 minutes from the hotel to the shops. Because we could have gone to a cheaper hospital with a taxi and doubled the distance and costs. The distances between the sun loungers are comfortable. Shopping opportunities nearby, such as shops, pharmacies, ... I would recommend that you do not spend a few hundred euros more to go to the other hotels nearby. Everything was clean, good service and very good food.👍 Large well kept outdoor area.||Continuous sound of other hotels from left and right. The pool area is really cool and kept very tidy so you feel very comfortable. I wish the area around the hotel would be kept clean, outside of the hotel complex. The pool area is very nice with 3 slides. Yorum: Luxurious all-inclusive hotel, which is one of the smallest hotels in the area with more than 300 rooms on 10 floors. A huge thank you to the staff who keep the whole area clean and pretty, to the photographers, to the sauna staff, in particular the Hamam staff, to the beach security, to all the bar staff. The pool area and private beach area are excellently maintained. The hotel grounds were always well kept and the pool area had plenty of sun loungers and towels. What impressed us most was the proximity to the beach and the numerous shopping possibilities in the area, which made our stay even more enjoyable. The spa area is very nice and quiet. Staff: Even though the season was coming to an end and we knew that, whether in service, at the reception, in garden maintenance, in cleaning or in other areas, the employees have to work a lot, we always had the feeling that we were really welcome. The area is really worth seeing and is accessible by bus or car, so don't just consider the hotel as a holiday, but explore the area. Excellent view, balcony directly to the pool area and partial sea view and panoramic views of the beach and sea from the window. The area is very rich in flowers, it is well maintained and each tree has a plaque with its name. There is a beach club next door, but the pool area is not very enclosed. The staff was very friendly and attentive, the whole area was very nice to look at and clean. A show that changes weekly takes place. Our room was clean and the next day a little surprise awaited us: small flowers carefully placed on our beds by the cleaning staff. This place is wonderful… I mean, I’ve been to many hotels, including Rixos, and I can say that it’s one of the few hotels where guest satisfaction is given such a high priority. The pools are sufficiently available and clean, but some individual tiles could be put back in place. But that's why the place has fewer stars. Yorum: Very happy with this place.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 8.1
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 27
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: I had a great time staying here with my family from May 6th to 13th. It is a family hotel and has a high level of entertainment concept. A true family hotel. We enjoyed it as a family and we were satisfied. See you again, Melas family. We stayed in the family room. We had a family room on the ninth floor, with two separate bedrooms. Thank you so much for the wonderful time with our family. The kids club was excellent - Selin in particular took excellent care of the children and was very responsive to their needs and wishes. Every part of the room we stayed in, except the kids' room, smelled musty and there was a stench coming from the air conditioning. ||We arrived to a great reception and the kids were enthralled! Our son really enjoyed going to the kids club. The animation team were entertaining, the kids club was also great and varied. The kids club was excellent - Selin in particular took excellent care of the children and was very responsive to their needs and wishes. Our son really enjoyed going to the kids club. The animation team were entertaining, the kids club was also great and varied. Yorum: The hotel is very suitable for a holiday with small and medium-sized children. The children's entertainment team kept my son entertained and the evening program was enjoyable. The kids club was excellent - Selin in particular took excellent care of the children and was very responsive to their needs and wishes. In the evening there was a children's disco and then a daily show. Although there were many families, for the price this hotel charges there are much better hotels where children have more opportunities to spend their time. You can count small children on one hand. The beach is also clean and there are enough sun loungers, but small children find it a bit difficult to swim because the depth gets quite deep. Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. Yorum: We spent a holiday with 2 children. Yorum: We spent 3 nights with my children. especially Nastia, who always encouraged my children to do activities.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 7.3
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 19
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: I had a great time staying here with my family from May 6th to 13th. It is a family hotel and has a high level of entertainment concept. A true family hotel. We enjoyed it as a family and we were satisfied. See you again, Melas family. We stayed in the family room. We had a family room on the ninth floor, with two separate bedrooms. Thank you so much for the wonderful time with our family. Yorum: The hotel is very suitable for a holiday with small and medium-sized children. The children's entertainment team kept my son entertained and the evening program was enjoyable. The kids club was excellent - Selin in particular took excellent care of the children and was very responsive to their needs and wishes. In the evening there was a children's disco and then a daily show. Although there were many families, for the price this hotel charges there are much better hotels where children have more opportunities to spend their time. You can count small children on one hand. The beach is also clean and there are enough sun loungers, but small children find it a bit difficult to swim because the depth gets quite deep. Now the disadvantages 😒: the hotel is old, the cleaning of the rooms is so-so (although everything shines in the lobby), the biggest disadvantage is the shore (the beach is sandy, but the entrance to the sea is pebble (piles of stones) and almost immediately deep, with children 😪, we walked along the coast (as much as we could) and everywhere there is such a coast 😒 And the staff in the hotel lobby just killed me 🤬🤬🤬. Yorum: We spent a holiday with 2 children. Yorum: We spent 3 nights with my children. especially Nastia, who always encouraged my children to do activities.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 7.3
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 7
All results text for Pet-Friendly: Price-performance 👎 Disabled-friendly businesses 👎 Pet-friendly businesses 👎 67. My son had brought cat treats from our home country and the cats seemed to enjoy this new treat. There are many cats living on the premises and they are fed by numerous guests, which is of course very nice, but I really wish that the city and the numerous hotel owners who make a good profit from us would start neutering the cats, otherwise it will not be possible to avoid it. Burcu, the tips collected for the cats are insufficient and the cats are not asked for a fee, big cat cat. You are incompetent enough to have 5 cats in the big hotel and not get any treatment, but you complain about the cats in the hotels next door. The hotel seems to take good care of the cats there. There are also cats, but they have their own cat house on the property and they are fed there as well.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 8.0
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 7
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The spa area is very nice and quiet. Wellness: We had booked a package at the hammam and were pampered for 1.5 hours and were able to completely relax. A huge thank you to the staff who keep the whole area clean and pretty, to the photographers, to the sauna staff, in particular the Hamam staff, to the beach security, to all the bar staff. This ruined our holiday relaxation. You are incompetent enough to have 5 cats in the big hotel and not get any treatment, but you complain about the cats in the hotels next door. Then sometimes we go to the bar ourselves, you still have two healthy legs 😉 We were often asked if we could change the change. Wellness: We had booked a package at the hammam and were pampered for 1.5 hours and were able to completely relax.

Rating for Party Experience: 6.8
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 6
All results text for Party Experience: Yorum: Average age between 60 and cemetery (maybe it sounds a bit bad but it was true), after the evening show at 10:00 pm, dead pants while the party continued in the neighboring hotels until 12:00 pm.... There are too many sun loungers next to each other at the pool, no showers to rinse off and the music is too loud. The animation team is great, but the music still needs work - sometimes too loud so you can barely hear your own conversation, sometimes too low so you can hear the neighbouring hotels better than ours. The type of music is not entirely possible, you would like more atmospheric music, something modern, that reminds you of the Christmas holidays and not just something that is on, the main thing is that there is something playing in the background. Thus, the evening programme and the “loudest” music end at 11:00 p.m. 5th room: very nice, quite large, balcony equipped with adjustable sun loungers and table.

Rating for Special Menu: 0.0
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 6
All results text for Special Menu: Few vegetarian options (about 10% of the buffet). Two out of three people are celiac and depend on gluten-free foods. Gluten-free foods were wrapped in wrappers, making them no longer edible for us. There were also some weaknesses among the staff, sometimes they told us that the rice contained gluten, sometimes it was gluten-free. We also had to find someone to ask us what was gluten-free for us at every meal. Buffet/All-in: the dishes and meals leave nothing to be desired!

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 8.7
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 4
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: The room was clean, good mattresses and well furnished. This ruined our holiday relaxation. In the morning the sea is calm and clean. Oasis of calm: a garden between the beach and the pool.

Rating for Honeymoon: 6.6
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 2
All results text for Honeymoon: The private hospital with which the hotel collaborates charges for transportation to and from the hospital. The pool area and private beach area are excellently maintained.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 10.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 1
All results text for Sports Facilities: Wellness: We had booked a package at the hammam and were pampered for 1.5 hours and were able to completely relax.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 5.9
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 1
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: The downside is that the elevator is not sufficient and the evening shows could have been better.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 6.6
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: This ruined our holiday relaxation.

