Otel İsmi: Miracle Resort Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 8.4
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 254
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: There has been no change in service quality since summer 2021. Yorum: Great vacation, great hotel, great pools and amazing staff. Unfortunately, the service staff pays almost no attention to you. The room was also cleaned every day and congratulations to the cleaning staff.||The food in the restaurant was always… 5. Our room was always clean and tidy, and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Even though it was early September, at the end of the season, the service staff treated me as if I were the hotel's first guest that summer. The restaurant staff were very friendly and helped me choose the food as I have allergies. The waiters and all the staff were incredibly friendly. We were pleased with all the staff. From our hotel rooms to the kindness of the staff, from the good taste to the cleanliness and hygiene, everything was perfect. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. The staff outside is not friendly. In my opinion, the number of staff is not sufficient and while foreign guests are sitting around their tables, there seems to be little interest in the Turks, or at least that's what it seems to me. * There are many negative comments about the staff, but on the contrary, we were very satisfied with the staff (with 1-2 exceptions). * The cleaning staff was very attentive, especially the lady on the 1st floor was very helpful, we thank her. We would like to thank the staff at Miracle Resort Hotel. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! Yorum: I kept looking at the reviews until I got to the hotel, and things were mentioned, like the sometimes glum faces of the restaurant cooks, where the staff couldn't keep up, and the busyness of the elevators, all I can say is never. What I liked most about the hotel was the staff. your sweetness and interest, and I thank all the staff. Sweet, kind and professional staff. What definitely deserves praise is the staff. Again it has nothing to do with the staff because they are extremely professional and friendly, but this hotel cannot cope with this capacity of people in terms of facilities! A handful of really lovely staff, the rest were… 25. The food is diverse and delicious, the staff is attentive and friendly, I would like to especially thank those who take an interest in the relationship with guests. The biggest disappointment was the hostility of the restaurant staff and other restaurants. Although we are always very friendly with the staff, we had difficulty receiving a word or even a look in return. Dinner was great, everything was there, I really appreciate all the staff, everyone is smiling and does what we want right away. The staff were extremely friendly and professional, the room was spotlessly clean and comfortable. All the staff were very attentive. Özkan and Muhammet, as well as all the service staff whose names I cannot remember. The staff speaks very poor English (at all levels, even in the kids club). in the restaurant/bar you have to wait a long time for drinks If you pay attention to the details you will see a lot of need for renovation In short; it is certainly not a hotel to do during the building permit (due to the lack of staff)! The service, from reception, restaurant staff, food delivery is a disaster. The beach bar staff don't have a smile on their face. The hotel was overbooked and I think there are too few staff and those that are there are just not nice, not welcoming, just not 5 star worthy. First of all, I would like to thank the staff, the lady who is the guest relations manager… 40. The cleanliness is impeccable, the food is good, but the staff who serve your food are racist and the food is not served properly. All the staff are friendly and very respectful, although there are some whose names I unfortunately do not remember; I would like to especially thank İrem, Ali, Mustafa, Durmuş, Tuğçe, Müşerref, Gizem, Yıldız, Özkan, Yunus and the restaurant chef Hüseyin Bey. Very nice and friendly staff. The staff also speaks very good German in some places! The staff is not made up of seasonal employees. The cleaning staff was very attentive. I enjoyed the variety of food in the restaurants, the relaxed atmosphere and the excellent staff (very friendly). The hotel is wonderful and the staff are very friendly. Normally the staff in these hotels are not very friendly, but in this hotel the management achieved that. From the moment you enter the hotel, staff in all departments are friendly and constantly ask if you have any requests. Restaurants can seem a bit complicated, there are staff serving food at open buffets and everyone is always giving you new things, even if you order less. Mainly the reception staff and all staff in general will give rude responses and almost hit them. The capacity of the staff was very poor. The dining room staff (who serve food) are so unfriendly that you don't feel like eating anymore. Of course, if you find someone to ask because the staff is too short… The service of a 5-star hotel should definitely not be that bad. The staff here are generally very friendly. Some of the staff behind the buffet could use a few more laughs. But the most important thing is that everyone's food is served with a special presentation by the staff. The hotel is clean, hygienic and the staff is friendly and helpful. Yorum: We go every year, compared to Titanic, Mardan, Kirman, they are far behind here, in terms of service, food, staff mentality, everything, for a 3 star hotel it's okay, 5 star is definitely very high. the staff chase you during dinner, the pool is always awesome, it's the 3rd day but you still can't find a place in the pool. The staff generally tries to provide good service. The staff speaks mainly English. The staff there were very friendly and also spoke German, which helped us a lot. However, we didn't like the fact that the buffet staff weren't always friendly and didn't really want to work. Yorum: The best: the staff. Yorum: Today is our last day here, we have been on vacation at the hotel for 5 days, we came after looking at the reviews, we had our hesitations but it was ok, the staff are very dedicated and do it with love, I didn't listen- them complain even among themselves, the food is great, the chefs are serving, it is better, in terms of hygiene, there is no problem in the slightest disturbance in the meals It didn't happen, the hotel is very. full but not chaotic, there are sun loungers for everyone, we had no problems in that regard, the staff are solution-oriented, they attend to your requests immediately, there are friends constantly wandering around the lobby, they never leave you standing still, I would also like to thank them. I don't think I will look anywhere else and most importantly there is no discrimination between foreigners and Turks, the staff speaks Turkish and foreign, I have never had any problems with that, it is a wonderful hotel in all aspects, the variety of food is delicious. Great amenities and the staff is very friendly. Friendly and helpful staff: *Overall, I only saw smiling and friendly staff. Miracle, see the example of Güral Belek - the staff unjustifiably tighten the towels that block the sun loungers. Friendly staff. Yorum: Miracle Hotel I come to twice a year 💗|All the staff are attentive and friendly. The staff who work in restaurants and bars… 84. The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. Super clean, very friendly and courteous staff. | The rooms are great, we want to come back, it was very nice and the staff was very friendly (gr Huseyin very friendly, thanks for everything) top notch hotel, top notch service 90. We are three adults and two children and we were very satisfied with everything, from the staff to the entire reception team. When I asked the staff about this, I was told my room was being searched. The staff at the entire hotel (with very few exceptions) were very unfriendly, hardly anyone said hello. Yorum: Amazing service, amazing friendliness, amazing food, great cleanliness, I got tired of the friendly behavior of the staff all day. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The service staff serves food and there is usually only one person there. Breakfast starts at 7am and most staff arrive at 8am. The dining room is overcrowded, there are not enough waiters/staff for this crowd, you can see that the staff is overwhelmed and you look in vain for kindness or a friendly smile. Sometimes you have to wait a long time in line to get something because the staff can't keep up with the food. What I particularly remember is the availability and friendliness of the staff. Delicious food, beautiful large rooms and tasty cocktails mixed with well-known alcoholic drinks, great hotel!|The food is served on the plate by the staff, which is very hygienic.|It is also very tasty in the a la carte restaurant.||Willems Family 102. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. The staff at the beach bar and children's entertainment as well as general entertainment were extremely friendly and motivated. At the pool bar the staff were less attentive and friendly. the pillows were hard, the mini club staff didn't understand each other, the girls were uninformed, the chefs couldn't manage on their own, there were many children who spoke different languages ​​on their own. Very beautiful beach, lots of space, very friendly staff and everything was clean. All the hotel staff were helpful and friendly. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! Very nice and friendly staff. Friendly and helpful staff: *Overall, I only saw smiling and friendly staff. Friendly staff. The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. Very beautiful beach, lots of space, very friendly staff and everything was clean. Our room was always clean and tidy, and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Everyone was helpful and friendly. Mine from Guest Relations for all her support, advice, sincere approach and helpful demeanor. * The cleaning staff was very attentive, especially the lady on the 1st floor was very helpful, we thank her. Gökhan and Coşkun were very helpful. Everyone at the hotel, from the housekeepers to the waiters, were so helpful and incredibly friendly. The reception is very helpful. The hotel is clean, hygienic and the staff is friendly and helpful. Of course, not all of them were hostile; some were very helpful and good. Friendly and helpful staff: *Overall, I only saw smiling and friendly staff. Very helpful and always smiling. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. All the hotel staff were helpful and friendly. Yorum: Great vacation, great hotel, great pools and amazing staff. Unfortunately, the service staff pays almost no attention to you. The room was also cleaned every day and congratulations to the cleaning staff.||The food in the restaurant was always… 5. Our room was always clean and tidy, and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Even though it was early September, at the end of the season, the service staff treated me as if I were the hotel's first guest that summer. The restaurant staff were very friendly and helped me choose the food as I have allergies. The waiters and all the staff were incredibly friendly. We were pleased with all the staff. From our hotel rooms to the kindness of the staff, from the good taste to the cleanliness and hygiene, everything was perfect. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. The staff outside is not friendly. In my opinion, the number of staff is not sufficient and while foreign guests are sitting around their tables, there seems to be little interest in the Turks, or at least that's what it seems to me. * There are many negative comments about the staff, but on the contrary, we were very satisfied with the staff (with 1-2 exceptions). * The cleaning staff was very attentive, especially the lady on the 1st floor was very helpful, we thank her. We would like to thank the staff at Miracle Resort Hotel. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! Yorum: I kept looking at the reviews until I got to the hotel, and things were mentioned, like the sometimes glum faces of the restaurant cooks, where the staff couldn't keep up, and the busyness of the elevators, all I can say is never. What I liked most about the hotel was the staff. your sweetness and interest, and I thank all the staff. Sweet, kind and professional staff. What definitely deserves praise is the staff. Again it has nothing to do with the staff because they are extremely professional and friendly, but this hotel cannot cope with this capacity of people in terms of facilities! A handful of really lovely staff, the rest were… 25. The food is diverse and delicious, the staff is attentive and friendly, I would like to especially thank those who take an interest in the relationship with guests. The biggest disappointment was the hostility of the restaurant staff and other restaurants. Although we are always very friendly with the staff, we had difficulty receiving a word or even a look in return. Dinner was great, everything was there, I really appreciate all the staff, everyone is smiling and does what we want right away. The staff were extremely friendly and professional, the room was spotlessly clean and comfortable. All the staff were very attentive. Özkan and Muhammet, as well as all the service staff whose names I cannot remember. The staff speaks very poor English (at all levels, even in the kids club). in the restaurant/bar you have to wait a long time for drinks If you pay attention to the details you will see a lot of need for renovation In short; it is certainly not a hotel to do during the building permit (due to the lack of staff)! The service, from reception, restaurant staff, food delivery is a disaster. The beach bar staff don't have a smile on their face. The hotel was overbooked and I think there are too few staff and those that are there are just not nice, not welcoming, just not 5 star worthy. First of all, I would like to thank the staff, the lady who is the guest relations manager… 40. The cleanliness is impeccable, the food is good, but the staff who serve your food are racist and the food is not served properly. All the staff are friendly and very respectful, although there are some whose names I unfortunately do not remember; I would like to especially thank İrem, Ali, Mustafa, Durmuş, Tuğçe, Müşerref, Gizem, Yıldız, Özkan, Yunus and the restaurant chef Hüseyin Bey. Very nice and friendly staff. The staff also speaks very good German in some places! The staff is not made up of seasonal employees. The cleaning staff was very attentive. I enjoyed the variety of food in the restaurants, the relaxed atmosphere and the excellent staff (very friendly). The hotel is wonderful and the staff are very friendly. Normally the staff in these hotels are not very friendly, but in this hotel the management achieved that. From the moment you enter the hotel, staff in all departments are friendly and constantly ask if you have any requests. Restaurants can seem a bit complicated, there are staff serving food at open buffets and everyone is always giving you new things, even if you order less. Mainly the reception staff and all staff in general will give rude responses and almost hit them. The capacity of the staff was very poor. The dining room staff (who serve food) are so unfriendly that you don't feel like eating anymore. Of course, if you find someone to ask because the staff is too short… The service of a 5-star hotel should definitely not be that bad. The staff here are generally very friendly. Some of the staff behind the buffet could use a few more laughs. But the most important thing is that everyone's food is served with a special presentation by the staff. The hotel is clean, hygienic and the staff is friendly and helpful. Yorum: We go every year, compared to Titanic, Mardan, Kirman, they are far behind here, in terms of service, food, staff mentality, everything, for a 3 star hotel it's okay, 5 star is definitely very high. the staff chase you during dinner, the pool is always awesome, it's the 3rd day but you still can't find a place in the pool. The staff generally tries to provide good service. The staff speaks mainly English. The staff there were very friendly and also spoke German, which helped us a lot. However, we didn't like the fact that the buffet staff weren't always friendly and didn't really want to work. Yorum: The best: the staff. Yorum: Today is our last day here, we have been on vacation at the hotel for 5 days, we came after looking at the reviews, we had our hesitations but it was ok, the staff are very dedicated and do it with love, I didn't listen- them complain even among themselves, the food is great, the chefs are serving, it is better, in terms of hygiene, there is no problem in the slightest disturbance in the meals It didn't happen, the hotel is very. full but not chaotic, there are sun loungers for everyone, we had no problems in that regard, the staff are solution-oriented, they attend to your requests immediately, there are friends constantly wandering around the lobby, they never leave you standing still, I would also like to thank them. I don't think I will look anywhere else and most importantly there is no discrimination between foreigners and Turks, the staff speaks Turkish and foreign, I have never had any problems with that, it is a wonderful hotel in all aspects, the variety of food is delicious. Great amenities and the staff is very friendly. Friendly and helpful staff: *Overall, I only saw smiling and friendly staff. Miracle, see the example of Güral Belek - the staff unjustifiably tighten the towels that block the sun loungers. Friendly staff. Yorum: Miracle Hotel I come to twice a year 💗|All the staff are attentive and friendly. The staff who work in restaurants and bars… 84. The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. Super clean, very friendly and courteous staff. | The rooms are great, we want to come back, it was very nice and the staff was very friendly (gr Huseyin very friendly, thanks for everything) top notch hotel, top notch service 90. We are three adults and two children and we were very satisfied with everything, from the staff to the entire reception team. When I asked the staff about this, I was told my room was being searched. The staff at the entire hotel (with very few exceptions) were very unfriendly, hardly anyone said hello. Yorum: Amazing service, amazing friendliness, amazing food, great cleanliness, I got tired of the friendly behavior of the staff all day. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The service staff serves food and there is usually only one person there. Breakfast starts at 7am and most staff arrive at 8am. The dining room is overcrowded, there are not enough waiters/staff for this crowd, you can see that the staff is overwhelmed and you look in vain for kindness or a friendly smile. Sometimes you have to wait a long time in line to get something because the staff can't keep up with the food. What I particularly remember is the availability and friendliness of the staff. Delicious food, beautiful large rooms and tasty cocktails mixed with well-known alcoholic drinks, great hotel!|The food is served on the plate by the staff, which is very hygienic.|It is also very tasty in the a la carte restaurant.||Willems Family 102. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. The staff at the beach bar and children's entertainment as well as general entertainment were extremely friendly and motivated. At the pool bar the staff were less attentive and friendly. the pillows were hard, the mini club staff didn't understand each other, the girls were uninformed, the chefs couldn't manage on their own, there were many children who spoke different languages ​​on their own. Very beautiful beach, lots of space, very friendly staff and everything was clean. All the hotel staff were helpful and friendly. Unfortunately, the service staff pays almost no attention to you. Even though it was early September, at the end of the season, the service staff treated me as if I were the hotel's first guest that summer. The hotel is perfect in every way, the service is great. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. I am absolutely thrilled with the hotel, the hotel complex, the service and especially the cleanliness of the hotel. As for the service outside the hotel I am disappointed. The excellent service and many little touches made my stay unforgettable. The service team always did their job diligently. Özkan and Muhammet, as well as all the service staff whose names I cannot remember. The restaurant is really a cafeteria (very noisy, busy, almost no table service; you have to get your own drinks). The service, from reception, restaurant staff, food delivery is a disaster. The hotel does not have UAl services and is a scam... There has been no change in service quality since summer 2021. Room and room service: Nothing to comment. The kids club is very good, perfect activity in the midday heat :) There is no service in the beach section. As we usually stay in hotels in Belek, I expected the service to be below my expectations. The service is very fast. Leaving aside the service, which is not good on the islands, they gave you a little, and if you asked for more, they looked at you strangely, we adults had food poisoning on 17/08. The guest services desk is one of the best I've ever experienced. As a hotelier, I haven't seen such a professional and successful service with hotel quality in a long time. The team is not trained to work in a service-oriented manner. Overall I have to say I am very disappointed, I really expected a more service oriented work. The towel service is perfect. I had good service everywhere and would like to thank Mine (Customer Relations) for all the help. The biggest downside of the hotel is definitely its service. Of course, if you find someone to ask because the staff is too short… The service of a 5-star hotel should definitely not be that bad. Speaking of service, one of the weakest, not trying to bring you something to drink and standing in the corners with their cell phones! (not all except a few are very friendly and try hard, especially the older ones are very friendly in service) As far as the mini disco is concerned, it is really one of the worst where we barely had any people to entertain so many children. First class service and certainly a great asset for the hotel. Yorum: We go every year, compared to Titanic, Mardan, Kirman, they are far behind here, in terms of service, food, staff mentality, everything, for a 3 star hotel it's okay, 5 star is definitely very high. IF YOU REALLY WANT A SERVICE, this is not the place for you. The staff generally tries to provide good service. We also found the service at the hair salon quite expensive. Yorum: Be sure to try a very nice hotel for your vacation, where the service, cleanliness, catering, food and drinks are extremely good. Good service: *The rooms are very clean, regardless of the time. Restaurant: *Very hygienic restaurant, service fast enough for everyone. Friendly service, the omelettes in the morning were delicious! Yorum: We had our five-day vacation at the hotel, we came without hesitation and that's how it was, we were very satisfied, even though the hotel was full, we didn't wait in line anywhere, it's a facility that doesn't compromise on service and joy, we don't understand how the five-day vacation was, we wish it would never end, even though the facility is twenty years old. Yorum: Hüseyin, the restaurant's chef, made us feel at home with his excellent service and smiling face. I think the barmaid, Rukiye, is wasted as a waitress because she gave us perfect service. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. | The rooms are great, we want to come back, it was very nice and the staff was very friendly (gr Huseyin very friendly, thanks for everything) top notch hotel, top notch service 90. The food is good and the service is good too. Yorum: Amazing service, amazing friendliness, amazing food, great cleanliness, I got tired of the friendly behavior of the staff all day. The service was really great. The service staff serves food and there is usually only one person there. If you don't care much about service, it's a good hotel. The service is not offered at the pool or on the beach, you have to serve yourself anywhere. Great service. From the reception, to the service, to the cleaning of the rooms. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. Yorum: I gave it one star for the quality and flavor of the food and one star also because there are 5 pools, 3 of which are for children, but I would like to point out that the buffet is NO LONGER SELF SERVICE.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 7.9
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 122
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: One small downside was that the area between the children's slides was not as clean as the rest of the hotel. Slides ideal for small and big children Train was fun! Slides: There are 5 for adults, 2 of them were added recently and are great. Then everything is fine for 3 days and they can go up the slides and suddenly everything goes wrong again😡😡. I also spoke to that guy twice about this because I saw kids younger than my daughter alone on the slide. Tui also does not mention that children are not allowed on slides with tires, only those over 12 years old. The slides, the main reason I came to the resort in Türkiye, were the big disappointment. The kids enjoyed more spectacular slides at other resorts. :) Very nice resort for kids because of the many slides. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. Yorum: Great vacation, great hotel, great pools and amazing staff. The children's pool was a highlight for our little ones - there was always enough space and our 2 year old had so much fun. The pool facilities were excellent and great for the kids. You can't find a spot around the pool unless you grab a lounge chair early in the morning. Those responsible for life safety in the pools were very careful and attentive. My only complaint about the pool is that there is an age limit of 12 in the boat section. They have a giant swimming pool. I think it was the biggest pool I've ever swum in. The pool, the sea, the pita restaurant, the doner restaurant, the gozleme restaurant, the restaurant, they are all close by. In terms of space, the situation is similar in the pool. The pool was clean, the food was delicious with a wide variety, especially the delicious desserts. Yorum: At the pool bar, Kadir and Ismail were the best ever. *It is impossible to find a place at the pool, you have to wake up very early and leave a towel. But there is a small, quiet pool in the back. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! - in the children's pool the water was even colder - sometimes the animators speak only German and Turkish. ||This year we were 3 families from France, ||The program included sun, tanning, swimming pool, sea, cocktails of your choice, varied quality cuisine... Pool: No space at the pool after 8am because of all the towels. We spend every day at the beach and sometimes we go back to the pool for a swim. Nice pool area but lots of people falling on slippery surfaces. From 6am to 6:30am all the queues around the pool are already occupied. With children, it is essential that you can see them while they play in the pool. It is very good that the hotel is close to the airport and it is a very large hotel pool. Unfortunately, it's also a sport here to set your alarm for 7am to put your towel in the pool. If you don't participate in this game, you won't have a place in the pool. They are trying to solve this in the pool with mats, but these need to be changed (very dirty in some places). There is a lot of rubbish under the pool bridges (cups, straws, mould,...). Therefore, there is no immediate tidying up at the pool (cups/straws in the children's pool, under the sun loungers, plates on the pool tables, etc.). Pools: There are many pools and they offer a variety according to your preference: Relaxation pool: Quiet and calm. Large swimming pool: Activities are held here. Children's pool: Ankle-deep water, with toys. Indoor pool: Also among the options. Also, it is a bit far from the sea and the pool. Paper cups are used for poolside drinks and they get soft quickly, which is a bit of a problem. The poolside bakery (Ortaköy quality), pizza and burger section, which opens at noon, is legendary. Nice pools, nice beach, good location... The number of pools is sufficient for adults and children. Yorum: Another excellent holiday at this super hotel, busy location but more than spacious, with more than enough sun loungers in and around the pool. Before talking about the pool and marine facilities, I would like to point out that I wanted to extend the vacation because the weather was bad for the first two days, but there was no space. You don't realize how crowded the hotel is at the pool or the sea. I loved the pools, the beach and the entertainment. The beach, sea water, pool, room, Wi-Fi, everything was impeccable!!! Just a small example: I forgot a beautiful t-shirt in the pool and thought it was lost. It's already impossible to find a place by the pool, it's crowded. The only really nice employee was the gentleman at the little pool bar. Yorum: I don't even know where to start, first of all our son got sick because the pool wasn't clean enough. Other guests also told me that their children also got rashes because the pool was not clean. You will enjoy the summer coolness with its magnificent large swimming pool. There is a separate entertainment area for children in the pool area. Even if you have a late breakfast you can still find sun loungers around the pool and on the beach. The entertainment team around the pool are very welcoming, fun and energetic. Another tip: maybe you could modernize a pool bar in place of the palm tree – people would celebrate 66. The biggest advantage of this hotel is the number of sun loungers by the pool. No matter what time of day you will ALWAYS find free beds at all pools! The gardens and pools are wonderful for families with children. the staff chase you during dinner, the pool is always awesome, it's the 3rd day but you still can't find a place in the pool. The pool was the warmest pool I have ever swam in. Also, a special thanks to chef Mehmet from the pool bar. The outdoor area with pool and children's pool was perfect. The pools are extremely slippery and not as clean as I was used to. in the elevator, in the pool, if you were happy My advice to anyone who goes is to never pay attention to the negative reviews, it is the best hotel you will ever visit, it is really different from now on. You have everything from food, drinks, swimming pools and children's entertainment. Swimming pool: It's beautiful and big. The snack and ice cream area (in bulk) opens at 12pm and closes at 6pm (on the beach) and 7pm (at the pools). It is also in the amphitheater and on the big stage, and in the pools during the day and at the photo shoot. 1-Let's talk about the quality of the hotel, you won't find any employees by the pool. 3- Part Döner haus, you want to get out of the pool or the sea and buy or eat something. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. From 12pm to 4pm every day there is pizza, burgers, ice cream, doner, Turkish pancakes by the pools. The children's pools were freezing cold all day, as was the indoor pool. The pool area is really nice, our kids had a great time. The pools were also very clean and everything in the kids area was great. The entire outdoor area is tidied up and cleaned every night so you can easily return to the pool the next morning. The outdoor area is generally well maintained, but unfortunately the pool section is overcrowded with sun loungers, so you don't get far from other guests. The service is not offered at the pool or on the beach, you have to serve yourself anywhere. The hotel complex is 5*, the pool is 5*, the food is 5*, the beach is 5*. Yorum: Top hotel, busy, but always a room by the pool. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. It was so extreme that it was not possible to get a place in the pool after 8am. At the pool bar the staff were less attentive and friendly. At the pool they have several dishes. Yorum: I gave it one star for the quality and flavor of the food and one star also because there are 5 pools, 3 of which are for children, but I would like to point out that the buffet is NO LONGER SELF SERVICE. Yusuf, the water park attendant, was excellent with his warmth and smiling face. You can't see two feet in front of you in the water. There is no garbage, but the water is not clear. It's not bad, but the carpets need a cleaning and the toilet water is spotty. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! - in the children's pool the water was even colder - sometimes the animators speak only German and Turkish. Paying extra for a room with a sea view is money in the water. 😅MİRAY: We met thanks to water polo. Children's pool: Ankle-deep water, with toys. The beach, sea water, pool, room, Wi-Fi, everything was impeccable!!! The water park was fun. The children's water park was the place where I had the most fun with my children. There is sand on the sun loungers, but facing the sea and there are coarse stones in the water. There are pebbles at the water entrance. The water park is ok. They have a giant swimming pool. We were sailing along, hoping everything would clear up, but no, I definitely couldn't see my wife swimming 3 feet away. ||This year we were 3 families from France, ||The program included sun, tanning, swimming pool, sea, cocktails of your choice, varied quality cuisine... Large swimming pool: Activities are held here. You will enjoy the summer coolness with its magnificent large swimming pool. You have everything from food, drinks, swimming pools and children's entertainment. Swimming pool: It's beautiful and big. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. Paper cups are used for poolside drinks and they get soft quickly, which is a bit of a problem. The poolside bakery (Ortaköy quality), pizza and burger section, which opens at noon, is legendary. Nice pool area but lots of people falling on slippery surfaces. There is a separate entertainment area for children in the pool area. The pool area is really nice, our kids had a great time. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. The pool facilities were excellent and great for the kids.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.2
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 98
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Another downside is that there is little choice of children's dishes at the buffet, which is strange for such a child-friendly hotel. Maybe we'll see you leaving tomorrow :)) Final Note: We had a happy, quality vacation that made us feel like a special part of a big family. Yorum: We spent a family vacation at Miracle Resort between August 26th and 31st and despite some shortcomings, we were very satisfied. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for the second time as a family. As a family with children, problems can arise when we do not have access to food. As I don't have small children, I don't know about the kidsclup, but almost everyone in the hotel is a family with babies. I was there between 12/08 and 19/08, family of 4 people, the children are 14 and 7 years old. A family member's luggage also did not arrive. Yorum: We spent our vacation with my family at this hotel last week and we were very satisfied. Yorum: As a family with children, food and hygiene were very important to us. Yorum: This is our second vacation at this hotel, we really enjoyed the first one, so now we have gathered the whole family and we have three rooms. Yorum: We vacationed with my family of 4, checking in on June 14th and checking out on June 18th. A true family hotel. Good for family holidays, unfortunately there are fewer young guests on site. THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING MIRACLE FAMILY •):(• 86. We are leaving the hotel today and it feels like I am leaving my family behind and going abroad. I don't know why the hotel is considered family friendly? Delicious food, beautiful large rooms and tasty cocktails mixed with well-known alcoholic drinks, great hotel!|The food is served on the plate by the staff, which is very hygienic.|It is also very tasty in the a la carte restaurant.||Willems Family 102. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. Yorum: Overall it was a full week, a family hotel full of activities where you can find food at any time. Yorum: I was there with my family and we had a successful vacation in May. The hotel kids club was great. The pool facilities were excellent and great for the kids. The evening entertainment was brilliant and the kids loved it. My kids don't want to leave and I feel the same way ❤️❤️❤️ 18. The staff speaks very poor English (at all levels, even in the kids club). Overall we were very pleased with our stay at the Miracle hotel, the kids had a great time and there is something for everyone!… 41. I also spoke to that guy twice about this because I saw kids younger than my daughter alone on the slide. The kids club is very good, perfect activity in the midday heat :) There is no service in the beach section. As I don't have small children, I don't know about the kidsclup, but almost everyone in the hotel is a family with babies. With the Mini Kids Club for families with children, your child will have a lot of fun with instructors. Everything worked well and our daughter loved the kids club. The kids enjoyed more spectacular slides at other resorts. :) Very nice resort for kids because of the many slides. The pool area is really nice, our kids had a great time. The pools were also very clean and everything in the kids area was great. The hotel kids club was great. The staff speaks very poor English (at all levels, even in the kids club). The kids club is very good, perfect activity in the midday heat :) There is no service in the beach section. With the Mini Kids Club for families with children, your child will have a lot of fun with instructors. Everything worked well and our daughter loved the kids club. There is a lot for children. The children's pool was a highlight for our little ones - there was always enough space and our 2 year old had so much fun. One small downside was that the area between the children's slides was not as clean as the rest of the hotel. Not only the children, but we also liked it very much. Not being able to get a seat in the restaurant with children and having to leave is not appropriate for such a highly rated hotel. We were here with children and grandchildren. - in the children's pool the water was even colder - sometimes the animators speak only German and Turkish. It is a child friendly hotel, there are many options for children. I wanted to evaluate everything one by one and nothing is missing and finally, the detail of the train for those children was wonderful, the adults were happier when they got on, the young man who drove the train was very friendly, nice and lively, we also loved him, the hotel is extremely diverse and large, we discovered the pita place on the last day, so many varieties It was 4 nights and 5 days of snacks, it was not enough, I still stayed. the hotel, it was great that you are not affected by negative comments without experiencing anything new, I can talk about many more things, these were the most important for me, I definitely recommend it for families with children. The children's buffet… 27. Especially with young children. The animation shows (both for children and adults) are also of a much lower standard than what we have seen in other hotels. With children, it is essential that you can see them while they play in the pool. Another downside is that there is little choice of children's dishes at the buffet, which is strange for such a child-friendly hotel. Yorum: We had a great time with my wife and children at the hotel where we stayed for 6 nights. We traveled in the first week of July (7 days, 2 adults + 2 children, promotional room 4p) and paid 3200 euros including flight. Slides ideal for small and big children Train was fun! There are no snacks between 11am and 12pm (with small children who are out of structure, it's best to provide something like bananas or cookies from the restaurant to tide them over at 11am!). Children's club: main animator a disaster, also organizational! Therefore, there is no immediate tidying up at the pool (cups/straws in the children's pool, under the sun loungers, plates on the pool tables, etc.). Children's pool: Ankle-deep water, with toys. We were 2 adults and 3 children (from 1 to 7 years old). Turks with children are allowed more than other people🙈 SAD!!! Tui also does not mention that children are not allowed on slides with tires, only those over 12 years old. I understood this on behalf of everyone and I also did not attend with the children. some can do it again and with very young and very small children! As a family with children, problems can arise when we do not have access to food. The number of pools is sufficient for adults and children. As I don't have small children, I don't know about the kidsclup, but almost everyone in the hotel is a family with babies. I was there between 12/08 and 19/08, family of 4 people, the children are 14 and 7 years old. The children's water park was the place where I had the most fun with my children. Other guests also told me that their children also got rashes because the pool was not clean. With the Mini Kids Club for families with children, your child will have a lot of fun with instructors. There is a separate entertainment area for children in the pool area. Yorum: As a family with children, food and hygiene were very important to us. Yorum: 10 at the Miracle hotel as 2 children and 2 adults We stayed the day. (not all except a few are very friendly and try hard, especially the older ones are very friendly in service) As far as the mini disco is concerned, it is really one of the worst where we barely had any people to entertain so many children. A person who paints children at lunch, many of them were expelled, for example. The gardens and pools are wonderful for families with children. The outdoor area with pool and children's pool was perfect. You have everything from food, drinks, swimming pools and children's entertainment. Enough and plenty for small children. Yorum: Perfect hotel for holidays with children. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. I am writing about what I experienced, you can be sure that it is a very monotonous place, entertainment, zero disco, zero animation team, terrible night, there is no way for children to stay in the amphitheater because of the heat, there was loud music the first night we went, tomorrow we thought it would be something different, but the same style of music came out the next night. For these reasons, all hotel guests are families with children. We are three adults and two children and we were very satisfied with everything, from the staff to the entire reception team. The children's pools were freezing cold all day, as was the indoor pool. At night you could hear loud music until half past midnight and the children could hardly sleep. There are lots of activities for children and a mini disco with various performances in the evening. This year I was pleased with the Children's Club. The staff at the beach bar and children's entertainment as well as general entertainment were extremely friendly and motivated. the pillows were hard, the mini club staff didn't understand each other, the girls were uninformed, the chefs couldn't manage on their own, there were many children who spoke different languages ​​on their own. It is a great hotel where you can spend a pleasant vacation with your children. As for the care provided to children, I don't even want to remember how many times they were ignored and an adult was needed to accompany them. Yorum: I gave it one star for the quality and flavor of the food and one star also because there are 5 pools, 3 of which are for children, but I would like to point out that the buffet is NO LONGER SELF SERVICE.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.3
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 95
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: The facility is approximately 15 km from the airport and can be easily reached by taxi, even if there is no shuttle. 5 minutes walk to the street with bazaars, 30 minutes by taxi to the historic center of Antalya for a maximum of 50 euros in both directions, 20 minutes to the airport, but you don't hear the planes and they don't bother you. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! It is very good that the hotel is close to the airport and it is a very large hotel pool. The facility is approximately 15 km from the airport and can be easily reached by taxi, even if there is no shuttle. I chose this area because it was closer to the airport. Great location close to the airport (easy transfer but far away). The hotel called the airport every day and after 3 days the luggage was taken to the room. Very close to the airport and on the beach. 5 minutes walk to the street with bazaars, 30 minutes by taxi to the historic center of Antalya for a maximum of 50 euros in both directions, 20 minutes to the airport, but you don't hear the planes and they don't bother you. Yorum: The location of the hotel is great, you can get there from the airport in about 20-30 minutes, but everything else is not recommended. Yorum: Just 15-20 minutes from the airport and on the beach. The location is close to the airport and the sea is beautiful. Yorum: I kept looking at the reviews until I got to the hotel, and things were mentioned, like the sometimes glum faces of the restaurant cooks, where the staff couldn't keep up, and the busyness of the elevators, all I can say is never. They were very friendly and patient despite the hustle and bustle and the heat, and there are no sisters in the extra mini club. It's very busy during dinner time. So busy that people often had to argue to get a table. Despite the chaos and hustle and bustle, they remained polite and smiling throughout. Despite everything, I was very busy in every way. This hotel is highly recommended for people who like all that hustle and bustle, but never again for me. To avoid the hustle and bustle, we only ate around 8:30pm, but by 8:45pm a large part of the buffet was already empty while you could eat until 9:30pm. The restaurant is really a cafeteria (very noisy, busy, almost no table service; you have to get your own drinks). Very busy and therefore always out of space. In general, few employees for the busiest period. The meat sections were busier 2 years ago. We met a few times during this holiday but it was so busy we didn't want to bother. Yorum: Another excellent holiday at this super hotel, busy location but more than spacious, with more than enough sun loungers in and around the pool. Tasty and varied food (sometimes very busy with dinner) The food was also served to you in the restaurant. Yorum: Top hotel, busy, but always a room by the pool. I also did morning gymnastics, Kangoo jumping, yoga with the trainer… 8. I wanted to evaluate everything one by one and nothing is missing and finally, the detail of the train for those children was wonderful, the adults were happier when they got on, the young man who drove the train was very friendly, nice and lively, we also loved him, the hotel is extremely diverse and large, we discovered the pita place on the last day, so many varieties It was 4 nights and 5 days of snacks, it was not enough, I still stayed. Slides ideal for small and big children Train was fun! The team is not trained to work in a service-oriented manner. Our room was at the far end of the building, overlooking the parking lot and right next to a construction site that was open until 8pm. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. The central yet quiet location was perfect. Nice pools, nice beach, good location... Yorum: Overall, the hotel's location and facilities met our expectations. Yorum: Another excellent holiday at this super hotel, busy location but more than spacious, with more than enough sun loungers in and around the pool. Great location close to the airport (easy transfer but far away). The hotel is good in terms of location. Yorum: The hotel, food and location were excellent! The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. Yorum: The location of the hotel is great, you can get there from the airport in about 20-30 minutes, but everything else is not recommended. I really like the location and the comfort concept of the hotel. The location is close to the airport and the sea is beautiful. Yorum: A beautiful location. Everything is close to each other and walking distance is almost non-existent. The distance between the hotel and the beach is very long, I wish there was a golf cart, people get very tired at the hotel. The hotel is very central and the market is just a few steps away. The central yet quiet location was perfect. Everything is close to each other and walking distance is almost non-existent. One small downside was that the area between the children's slides was not as clean as the rest of the hotel. Even though I mentioned this, this area was not cleaned in the following days. Nice pool area but lots of people falling on slippery surfaces. All colleagues working in all areas were very attentive and friendly. There are better hotels in the area, but as long as we keep our price in mind, we can put the work points into perspective and can look back and have a great vacation! Both the rooms and common areas were very clean. I chose this area because it was closer to the airport. Only the lobby has air conditioning, all other areas are not warm. There is a separate entertainment area for children in the pool area. The outdoor area with pool and children's pool was perfect. In all areas! The snack and ice cream area (in bulk) opens at 12pm and closes at 6pm (on the beach) and 7pm (at the pools). The pool area is really nice, our kids had a great time. The pools were also very clean and everything in the kids area was great. The entire outdoor area is tidied up and cleaned every night so you can easily return to the pool the next morning. The outdoor area is generally well maintained, but unfortunately the pool section is overcrowded with sun loungers, so you don't get far from other guests. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. You have to queue up for each area and ask for what you want in the… It was convenient for me to place it behind the glass window of the cafeteria. Although we have stayed in very luxurious hotels in Antalya, this place really deserves the money we paid. Danone is sometimes placed above the kiosks. *It is impossible to find a place at the pool, you have to wake up very early and leave a towel. I wanted to evaluate everything one by one and nothing is missing and finally, the detail of the train for those children was wonderful, the adults were happier when they got on, the young man who drove the train was very friendly, nice and lively, we also loved him, the hotel is extremely diverse and large, we discovered the pita place on the last day, so many varieties It was 4 nights and 5 days of snacks, it was not enough, I still stayed. Yorum: Rooms: The hotel is very nice, but the rooms are a bit dated (the carpet could use a good cleaning and the shower doors replaced). You can find many places every day. On our first vacation with my wife, the place we chose for our honeymoon was the Miracle Hotel. If you don't participate in this game, you won't have a place in the pool. They are trying to solve this in the pool with mats, but these need to be changed (very dirty in some places). And as the only solution, they made me sign a paper that placed all the responsibility on me. The staff also speaks very good German in some places! The only problem is that the mats placed to prevent slipping are old and smelly. The children's water park was the place where I had the most fun with my children. It's already impossible to find a place by the pool, it's crowded. There are so few places to sit in the restaurant that you spend more time looking for a seat than eating. Another tip: maybe you could modernize a pool bar in place of the palm tree – people would celebrate 66. the staff chase you during dinner, the pool is always awesome, it's the 3rd day but you still can't find a place in the pool. IF YOU REALLY WANT A SERVICE, this is not the place for you. Enough places for everyone. The only downside is waking up early to put a towel in place. I am writing about what I experienced, you can be sure that it is a very monotonous place, entertainment, zero disco, zero animation team, terrible night, there is no way for children to stay in the amphitheater because of the heat, there was loud music the first night we went, tomorrow we thought it would be something different, but the same style of music came out the next night. The hotel is very clean, our room was cleaned every day, new towels were placed, the waiters were always smiling and most of all I would like to thank Mr. It was so extreme that it was not possible to get a place in the pool after 8am. Although the hotel presentation says they have 5 restaurants, there is only one with several islands, with different preparations (Turkish, Italian, Chinese...), you cannot bring your own products, they are placed for you by the waiters on the plate, practically what they want and how much they want, if you ask for more they look at you with disdain.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 8.7
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 88
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: I am also not satisfied with the cleanliness of the rooms as the bathroom had not been wet for several days. From our hotel rooms to the kindness of the staff, from the good taste to the cleanliness and hygiene, everything was perfect. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. This reveals the cleanliness of the food. I am absolutely thrilled with the hotel, the hotel complex, the service and especially the cleanliness of the hotel. The cleanliness is impeccable, the food is good, but the staff who serve your food are racist and the food is not served properly. The rooms and cleanliness are very good. Yorum: Be sure to try a very nice hotel for your vacation, where the service, cleanliness, catering, food and drinks are extremely good. Rooms - decent size, cleanliness ok. The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. Yorum: Amazing service, amazing friendliness, amazing food, great cleanliness, I got tired of the friendly behavior of the staff all day. The rooms are spacious and the cleanliness is great. Yorum: The hotel was very good in terms of hygiene. From our hotel rooms to the kindness of the staff, from the good taste to the cleanliness and hygiene, everything was perfect. It was also very important for hygiene that meals were served by employees. Yorum: As a family with children, food and hygiene were very important to us. All the meals were incredibly delicious, with a homemade taste, and we had no hygiene issues. Yorum: Today is our last day here, we have been on vacation at the hotel for 5 days, we came after looking at the reviews, we had our hesitations but it was ok, the staff are very dedicated and do it with love, I didn't listen- them complain even among themselves, the food is great, the chefs are serving, it is better, in terms of hygiene, there is no problem in the slightest disturbance in the meals It didn't happen, the hotel is very. The cleaners did an amazing job every day.… 2. Yorum: Clean and nice hotel. The beach was always clean. The room was also cleaned every day and congratulations to the cleaning staff.||The food in the restaurant was always… 5. Our room was always clean and tidy, and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. One small downside was that the area between the children's slides was not as clean as the rest of the hotel. Even though I mentioned this, this area was not cleaned in the following days. It is very clean, the food is very good, we had a wide variety of dishes, desserts, fruits, drinks. Gülseren, who cleaned our room, made different decorations for us every day with towels. The only downside is that the sea is not clean. I am also not satisfied with the cleanliness of the rooms as the bathroom had not been wet for several days. The rooms are very clean and nothing is too much trouble for the maids. From our hotel rooms to the kindness of the staff, from the good taste to the cleanliness and hygiene, everything was perfect. The pool was clean, the food was delicious with a wide variety, especially the delicious desserts. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. It's not bad, but the carpets need a cleaning and the toilet water is spotty. * The cleaning staff was very attentive, especially the lady on the 1st floor was very helpful, we thank her. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! This reveals the cleanliness of the food. Yorum: Rooms: The hotel is very nice, but the rooms are a bit dated (the carpet could use a good cleaning and the shower doors replaced). Cleaning was fantastic every day and also fresh towels every day. Yorum: The food is good, the hotel is clean. The room was a good size and a big compliment to the cleaning lady. I am absolutely thrilled with the hotel, the hotel complex, the service and especially the cleanliness of the hotel. Everything is clean and tidy, the food is fresh, tasty and diverse. The staff were extremely friendly and professional, the room was spotlessly clean and comfortable. Good points: Spacious room (it was also very clean! Clean towels every day). Clearly it wasn't cleaned during our week! It will be cleaned at night... Rooms: Large and clean, medium sized beds. The cleanliness is impeccable, the food is good, but the staff who serve your food are racist and the food is not served properly. Both the rooms and common areas were very clean. The food options were very diverse, especially the salad varieties were very clean. The rooms are clean and nothing is missing. Restaurants: Very clean and well organized. I cleaned the cabinets before putting them up. They were also very clean. The cleaning staff was very attentive. Rooms are cleaned regularly every day. The cleaning of the rooms was also a joke. Yorum: I don't even know where to start, first of all our son got sick because the pool wasn't clean enough. Other guests also told me that their children also got rashes because the pool was not clean. The hotel itself is beautiful, spacious and clean. It is a very nice hotel with nice and clean rooms. The hotel is clean, hygienic and the staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms and cleanliness are very good. The pools are extremely slippery and not as clean as I was used to. Our rooms were cleaned daily, new towels arrived every day, the rooms were incredibly clean. Yorum: Be sure to try a very nice hotel for your vacation, where the service, cleanliness, catering, food and drinks are extremely good. Good service: *The rooms are very clean, regardless of the time. *Tables are cleaned quickly and thoroughly and new cutlery is opened immediately. Rooms - decent size, cleanliness ok. Hygienic and clean rooms and resort. The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. Super clean, very friendly and courteous staff. The hotel is very clean, our room was cleaned every day, new towels were placed, the waiters were always smiling and most of all I would like to thank Mr. There is a 2 star deduction because the room cleaning was absolutely inadequate (we were on the 6th floor). The bathroom was also cleaned very superficially - this is unacceptable for a 5 star hotel. Yorum: Amazing service, amazing friendliness, amazing food, great cleanliness, I got tired of the friendly behavior of the staff all day. The pools were also very clean and everything in the kids area was great. The entire outdoor area is tidied up and cleaned every night so you can easily return to the pool the next morning. It didn't bother me too much because the rooms were inviting and clean, but it could still be improved. Yorum: The hotel itself is in good condition and clean. The rooms are spacious and the cleanliness is great. From the reception, to the service, to the cleaning of the rooms. The room was clean and tidy. Very beautiful beach, lots of space, very friendly staff and everything was clean. Cleaning is minimal.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.0
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 80
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Maybe we'll see you leaving tomorrow :)) Final Note: We had a happy, quality vacation that made us feel like a special part of a big family. Yorum: We spent a family vacation at Miracle Resort between August 26th and 31st and despite some shortcomings, we were very satisfied. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for the second time as a family. As a family with children, problems can arise when we do not have access to food. As I don't have small children, I don't know about the kidsclup, but almost everyone in the hotel is a family with babies. I was there between 12/08 and 19/08, family of 4 people, the children are 14 and 7 years old. A family member's luggage also did not arrive. Yorum: We spent our vacation with my family at this hotel last week and we were very satisfied. Yorum: As a family with children, food and hygiene were very important to us. Yorum: This is our second vacation at this hotel, we really enjoyed the first one, so now we have gathered the whole family and we have three rooms. Yorum: We vacationed with my family of 4, checking in on June 14th and checking out on June 18th. A true family hotel. Good for family holidays, unfortunately there are fewer young guests on site. THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING MIRACLE FAMILY •):(• 86. We are leaving the hotel today and it feels like I am leaving my family behind and going abroad. I don't know why the hotel is considered family friendly? Delicious food, beautiful large rooms and tasty cocktails mixed with well-known alcoholic drinks, great hotel!|The food is served on the plate by the staff, which is very hygienic.|It is also very tasty in the a la carte restaurant.||Willems Family 102. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. Yorum: Overall it was a full week, a family hotel full of activities where you can find food at any time. Yorum: I was there with my family and we had a successful vacation in May. They have become fans of our 10 month old baby. My 10 month old baby could barely sleep - the beach has no sand, just small rocks. We were there for 10 days as a couple with a 7-month-old baby and a 2-year-old child, with everything included. There is a lot for children. The children's pool was a highlight for our little ones - there was always enough space and our 2 year old had so much fun. One small downside was that the area between the children's slides was not as clean as the rest of the hotel. Not only the children, but we also liked it very much. Not being able to get a seat in the restaurant with children and having to leave is not appropriate for such a highly rated hotel. We were here with children and grandchildren. - in the children's pool the water was even colder - sometimes the animators speak only German and Turkish. It is a child friendly hotel, there are many options for children. I wanted to evaluate everything one by one and nothing is missing and finally, the detail of the train for those children was wonderful, the adults were happier when they got on, the young man who drove the train was very friendly, nice and lively, we also loved him, the hotel is extremely diverse and large, we discovered the pita place on the last day, so many varieties It was 4 nights and 5 days of snacks, it was not enough, I still stayed. the hotel, it was great that you are not affected by negative comments without experiencing anything new, I can talk about many more things, these were the most important for me, I definitely recommend it for families with children. The children's buffet… 27. Especially with young children. The animation shows (both for children and adults) are also of a much lower standard than what we have seen in other hotels. With children, it is essential that you can see them while they play in the pool. Another downside is that there is little choice of children's dishes at the buffet, which is strange for such a child-friendly hotel. Yorum: We had a great time with my wife and children at the hotel where we stayed for 6 nights. We traveled in the first week of July (7 days, 2 adults + 2 children, promotional room 4p) and paid 3200 euros including flight. Slides ideal for small and big children Train was fun! There are no snacks between 11am and 12pm (with small children who are out of structure, it's best to provide something like bananas or cookies from the restaurant to tide them over at 11am!). Children's club: main animator a disaster, also organizational! Therefore, there is no immediate tidying up at the pool (cups/straws in the children's pool, under the sun loungers, plates on the pool tables, etc.). Children's pool: Ankle-deep water, with toys. We were 2 adults and 3 children (from 1 to 7 years old). Turks with children are allowed more than other people🙈 SAD!!! Tui also does not mention that children are not allowed on slides with tires, only those over 12 years old. I understood this on behalf of everyone and I also did not attend with the children. some can do it again and with very young and very small children! As a family with children, problems can arise when we do not have access to food. The number of pools is sufficient for adults and children. As I don't have small children, I don't know about the kidsclup, but almost everyone in the hotel is a family with babies. I was there between 12/08 and 19/08, family of 4 people, the children are 14 and 7 years old. The children's water park was the place where I had the most fun with my children. Other guests also told me that their children also got rashes because the pool was not clean. With the Mini Kids Club for families with children, your child will have a lot of fun with instructors. There is a separate entertainment area for children in the pool area. Yorum: As a family with children, food and hygiene were very important to us. Yorum: 10 at the Miracle hotel as 2 children and 2 adults We stayed the day. (not all except a few are very friendly and try hard, especially the older ones are very friendly in service) As far as the mini disco is concerned, it is really one of the worst where we barely had any people to entertain so many children. A person who paints children at lunch, many of them were expelled, for example. The gardens and pools are wonderful for families with children. The outdoor area with pool and children's pool was perfect. You have everything from food, drinks, swimming pools and children's entertainment. Enough and plenty for small children. Yorum: Perfect hotel for holidays with children. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. I am writing about what I experienced, you can be sure that it is a very monotonous place, entertainment, zero disco, zero animation team, terrible night, there is no way for children to stay in the amphitheater because of the heat, there was loud music the first night we went, tomorrow we thought it would be something different, but the same style of music came out the next night. For these reasons, all hotel guests are families with children. We are three adults and two children and we were very satisfied with everything, from the staff to the entire reception team. The children's pools were freezing cold all day, as was the indoor pool. At night you could hear loud music until half past midnight and the children could hardly sleep. There are lots of activities for children and a mini disco with various performances in the evening. This year I was pleased with the Children's Club. The staff at the beach bar and children's entertainment as well as general entertainment were extremely friendly and motivated. the pillows were hard, the mini club staff didn't understand each other, the girls were uninformed, the chefs couldn't manage on their own, there were many children who spoke different languages ​​on their own. It is a great hotel where you can spend a pleasant vacation with your children. As for the care provided to children, I don't even want to remember how many times they were ignored and an adult was needed to accompany them. Yorum: I gave it one star for the quality and flavor of the food and one star also because there are 5 pools, 3 of which are for children, but I would like to point out that the buffet is NO LONGER SELF SERVICE.

Kumsal için rating: 7.9
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 74
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: The beach was always clean. Would you be more than happy to return or recommend it to anyone looking to vacation in Lara Beach? The hotel has a very beautiful beach with umbrellas… 11. The distance between the hotel and the beach is very long, I wish there was a golf cart, people get very tired at the hotel. *The beach is beautiful, we usually went to the beach around 10-11 am and we always managed to find a spot. My 10 month old baby could barely sleep - the beach has no sand, just small rocks. We spend every day at the beach and sometimes we go back to the pool for a swim. Other than that, the sea is pleasant, the beach is beautiful and the pier is very comfortable. The beach bar staff don't have a smile on their face. Few sun loungers, you have to go to the beach at 6:30 in the morning. Nice pools, nice beach, good location... The kids club is very good, perfect activity in the midday heat :) There is no service in the beach section. I loved the pools, the beach and the entertainment. The beach, sea water, pool, room, Wi-Fi, everything was impeccable!!! The description said sandy beach. Even if you have a late breakfast you can still find sun loungers around the pool and on the beach. Very close to the airport and on the beach. The beach is flanked by piers, which steal the view of the sea. The snack and ice cream area (in bulk) opens at 12pm and closes at 6pm (on the beach) and 7pm (at the pools). Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. Yorum: Just 15-20 minutes from the airport and on the beach. The beachfront towel rack was still not open at 8:30am. The service is not offered at the pool or on the beach, you have to serve yourself anywhere. The hotel complex is 5*, the pool is 5*, the food is 5*, the beach is 5*. Things didn't look so bad on the beach, but there were plenty of reservations here too. The beach security guard just wanted to convince me that this could not be avoided. The staff at the beach bar and children's entertainment as well as general entertainment were extremely friendly and motivated. Very beautiful beach, lots of space, very friendly staff and everything was clean. At the resort, a pair of flip-flops and a beach dress were stolen from the beach.🤣🤣🤣 108. The sea is not made of sand, it is made of fine stones. My 10 month old baby could barely sleep - the beach has no sand, just small rocks. The description said sandy beach. There is sand on the sun loungers, but facing the sea and there are coarse stones in the water. In one of them he is disappointed by 13,500 thousand in 10 days. I don't know if it was because we were there in the off-season. Even though it was early September, at the end of the season, the service staff treated me as if I were the hotel's first guest that summer. The only downside is that the sea is not clean. The pool, the sea, the pita restaurant, the doner restaurant, the gozleme restaurant, the restaurant, they are all close by. Not being able to get a seat in the restaurant with children and having to leave is not appropriate for such a highly rated hotel. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. The sea is not made of sand, it is made of fine stones. It is very difficult to swim in the sea. ||This year we were 3 families from France, ||The program included sun, tanning, swimming pool, sea, cocktails of your choice, varied quality cuisine... On the first night we searched for at least 10 minutes for a table that was available for just 3 people. Paying extra for a room with a sea view is money in the water. It is stated that towels are taken from guests who do not return to their seats before a certain time, but we did not see a single day where this was enforced. I read a lot of reviews while researching the hotel and we chose it because it was one of the rare hotels with almost no negative reviews, and we have never regretted it. Personally, I would not spend €1500 per person in high season at this hotel). 😅 Sea: It is impeccable and has a blue flag. However, a warning to Miracle Hotel: one of the hotels around it must be pouring frying oil into the sea in the morning, because there is a discharge of oil and smell into the sea for about 2-3 minutes. Other than that, the sea is pleasant, the beach is beautiful and the pier is very comfortable. Cons: I was very excited about the archery 2 years ago, sorry you removed it😅 The bathrooms by the sea should be renovated, it doesn't fit with such a perfect hotel. Also, it is a bit far from the sea and the pool. First of all, if the waiter issue is resolved, I'm sure they will have a trouble free season. The staff is not made up of seasonal employees. You don't realize how crowded the hotel is at the pool or the sea. We found the gozleme restaurant, which was a little far away, by searching. Abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea. The beach, sea water, pool, room, Wi-Fi, everything was impeccable!!! We paid an extra fee to have a sea view. At reception they laughed and said the sea view was special and gave us a room at the back. And I recommend that you research other hotels well and choose them. There is sand on the sun loungers, but facing the sea and there are coarse stones in the water. There are so few places to sit in the restaurant that you spend more time looking for a seat than eating. So it was natural that we always tried to find a seat with him in the restaurant. The sea is very beautiful in the morning. Sea: Delicious! The beach is flanked by piers, which steal the view of the sea. 3- Part Döner haus, you want to get out of the pool or the sea and buy or eat something. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. It's worth paying extra for a room with a sea view. When I asked the staff about this, I was told my room was being searched. The location is close to the airport and the sea is beautiful. The entrance to the sea is ok, no rocks.

Özel Menü için rating: 8.6
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 8
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: There they prepare your meals and serve them, and you eat them hot and fresh, served by the chefs. chefs in glass, my hotel preferences will definitely be to have chefs serve the meals. It was also very important for hygiene that meals were served by employees. You may miss meals when rushing to events, so you may be hungry at night. It will boost your energy with its delicious meals. All the meals were incredibly delicious, with a homemade taste, and we had no hygiene issues. Yorum: Today is our last day here, we have been on vacation at the hotel for 5 days, we came after looking at the reviews, we had our hesitations but it was ok, the staff are very dedicated and do it with love, I didn't listen- them complain even among themselves, the food is great, the chefs are serving, it is better, in terms of hygiene, there is no problem in the slightest disturbance in the meals It didn't happen, the hotel is very. It's very good when it comes to food, it's the best hotel I've ever been to, they serve meals that more luxurious restaurants don't offer.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 6.9
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: - the music at night was very loud, every night, until 1am. The hotels across the street had very loud music until after midnight, which made our room vibrate. There is also a lot of noise at night (music is loud) and the rooms are noisy! Music systems can be improved, but they are not a priority. A wonderful hotel where you can spend pleasant moments accompanied by live music in the evening. I am writing about what I experienced, you can be sure that it is a very monotonous place, entertainment, zero disco, zero animation team, terrible night, there is no way for children to stay in the amphitheater because of the heat, there was loud music the first night we went, tomorrow we thought it would be something different, but the same style of music came out the next night. At night you could hear loud music until half past midnight and the children could hardly sleep.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 8.4
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The children's pool was a highlight for our little ones - there was always enough space and our 2 year old had so much fun. - in the children's pool the water was even colder - sometimes the animators speak only German and Turkish. Therefore, there is no immediate tidying up at the pool (cups/straws in the children's pool, under the sun loungers, plates on the pool tables, etc.). Children's pool: Ankle-deep water, with toys. The outdoor area with pool and children's pool was perfect. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. The children's pools were freezing cold all day, as was the indoor pool.

Balayı için rating: 7.4
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: The hotel we chose as Honeymoon Hotel, we had our doubts before arriving. We were very, very pleased with your gestures towards honeymoon couples. On our first vacation with my wife, the place we chose for our honeymoon was the Miracle Hotel. We completed our work and returned to Anadolu Private Hospital within half an hour. We didn't see anyone, but there were towels everywhere, some of them private since the towel distribution wasn't open at 6am.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 7.3
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Food is served (this means you always have a good portion), good variety Working points (compared to other hotels or if you would pay more): Small bathroom for 4 people, no tea/coffee in the room, bed only 1.40 meters long (very tight for 2 adults) and very bad mattress! But the mattress is very hard and warped, and the pillows are lumpy lumps. Pools: There are many pools and they offer a variety according to your preference: Relaxation pool: Quiet and calm. Pools: There are many pools and they offer a variety according to your preference: Relaxation pool: Quiet and calm.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 10.0
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The evening shows were also enjoyable and entertaining. Yorum: Very good evening shows and entertainment programs, the daily yoga classes with Katya were very good. A wonderful hotel where you can spend pleasant moments accompanied by live music in the evening. There are lots of activities for children and a mini disco with various performances in the evening.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 4.6
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Pools: There are many pools and they offer a variety according to your preference: Relaxation pool: Quiet and calm. Even now, on 23.08, you returned to the country in 19, in treatment we are not fully recovered, the dysbiosis produced was cruel. Waste is avoided and it is healthier. I think it would be much healthier if this wasn't limited by age, but by height and weight.

Spor Alanları için rating: 10.0
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: I also did morning gymnastics, Kangoo jumping, yoga with the trainer… 8. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. Mini golf, table tennis, volleyball and bocce were all very enjoyable.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 7.9
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: We were very, very pleased with your gestures towards honeymoon couples. In other words, in 1 week I heard from 4 couples with the same problems!!! Pools: There are many pools and they offer a variety according to your preference: Relaxation pool: Quiet and calm.

