Hotel Name: Modern Saraylar Luxury Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 8.3
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 386
All results text for Service Quality: The staff were very nice and friendly and they did their job very honestly. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. -Cleaning is not a problem, the towel service is very good, but some towels were dirty, we used our own towels and the staff who cleaned the rooms were dedicated. -The staff are generally good. The pools everywhere, the cafes, the staff are amazing. In addition, we were very satisfied with all the services of the hotel staff. Staff: All the staff were very good, very attentive and friendly, especially the young people, the animators worked hard. More importantly, on our last days there were no towels placed in our rooms, when I asked the staff they couldn't help me saying they didn't have clean towels either. The second problem was that the sunbeds on the women's beach were always stacked on top of each other, if we wanted to use them, we had to put them up ourselves by the staff. The number of staff was also quite adequate, especially despite how crowded it was, we got a lot of attention from the Sultan Cafe staff, thank you. From the first moment I entered the hotel, we were greeted by friendly staff at the door, friends at the reception hosted us on sofas in the lobby and offered refreshments until the necessary procedures were completed, and then the lady in charge told us about the hotel with a smile on her face, which was a sign of what a great time we will have. It has daily room cleaning and towel change, a room that smells clean and hygienic and comfortable beds, it has a very large balcony and a mini bar full of drinks and sweet treats What we liked most about this hotel we stayed for 6 nights and 7 days, is that you have a comfortable vacation All the staff tried to help you. The spa team itself was amazing, the staff were very friendly, thank you. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Everyone was friendly and the staff did their best. Yorum: First of all, the staff are really good 👍🏻 I was very surprised when the food was criticized, I think it is more than enough and very tasty, but the desserts are very amateur, except for the desserts, unfortunately they are not 5-star hotel desserts, like would be purchased at a neighboring confectionery. The staff are indifferent. The staff were very polite, caring and friendly, I had a holiday without any stress from any of the staff. The staff are diligent and friendly. I felt like a princess the whole week 😊 the staff was so friendly and nice I can't explain it. Mizgin, one of the service staff, was around us like a moth asking if we had any requests. Or we can call it an observation, the staff working in the cafes looked very unhappy, I don't know why, but they didn't smile at all. There is a cafe called Sultan Cafe which is open 24 hours a day and the staff work there very dedicatedly. All the staff are very friendly, especially the young animators do their best. Most of the staff were friendly and caring. All the staff were friendly. The staff likes the hotel and the staff tries to please the customers. The pools on each side, the cafes, the staff are all amazing. All the staff are very caring. The staff is generally good, but some waiters are very stressed and rude. All female staff are very nice and friendly. Ersin about my situation he was not helpful at all, he reacted very hard and was rude and support staff. The SPA staff sit and eat right in front of you in the ladies pool and restaurant. The restaurant staff needs to be replaced urgently, they are very disrespectful, they talk behind your back when you can hear, they don't understand when you ask something, even if you repeat it, it is not done and in the end you have to do it yourself. The staff are very grumpy, maybe they could learn to be polite and smile. The staff I am satisfied with: Ms. The staff does everything they can to not help. The customer service staff said we could come to them with any complaints, but we didn't want to deal with the constant repetition of things we weren't happy with throughout our dessert. Although the staff was attentive, the hotel's shortcomings could not be ignored: 1. **Service**: Although the staff was very attentive, it was not enough to make up for the shortcomings. All the staff from A to Z were friendly. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. The staff was very friendly and always willing to help us with requests. The staff are friendly and their service is quite fast. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. There shouldn't be any problem with the towels, the rocks could also be a little tidier or a board should be placed there for easy walking on the edges, otherwise the other delicacies, the food, everything is very nice, I was very pleased, thank you to all the Modern Palace staff. We went with a group of 11 people, we all went to the SPA center, we were very satisfied, the staff took care of each of us individually, so we had great intimacy and good friendships in a week. However, thanks to the staff, they brought our lost clothes. The staff were friendly and fun. The staff were very friendly and solution oriented. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. The staff throughout the hotel were always friendly. The staff does what they have to, but there is not a smile or a kind word to be found. However, with the friendly welcome of the hotel staff and management, we realized that we had come to a nice place. The staff is very attentive and friendly. the staff does their best. The service and attention of the staff at the hotel was very good. At the same time, the hotel staff was very attentive and friendly. 3 - The room and hotel were generally clean and the staff were adequate and friendly. Yorum: We had the opportunity to spend 4 days of vacation in modern palaces, everything was really beautiful; -Friendly staff -There is a lot of variety in the restaurants and cafes by the pool and it is always fresh and tasty. Comment: The hotel staff is very friendly. Yorum: First of all, the staff was very nice. Our holiday started with an unhappy and stagnant facial expression from the reception staff. The kitchen, the food is excellent, the staff is nice, the cleaning of the room is very good, thanks to Mr. I was really impressed, especially the staff are very attentive. The friendly service and sincere help of the staff at all times made our vacation even more special. Your food, room cleaning and friendly staff were very valuable to us. -Tour staff who have tables in the passage from the lobby to the restaurant should not keep offering customers to come on tours (your table is written there in the ad, anyone who is interested will come and ask anyway). There is animation in the pools and there are staff to check the children. All the hotel staff were really friendly, especially the staff named Ali, I think those who commented negatively about the hotel are unfortunate characters. Positive aspects of the hotel + The staff took responsibility for the work and we did not receive any negative treatment. The staff are generally helpful and friendly during transactions that were not expected. As for the staff, they are generally good, but I have to mention that the manager Erin is very rude and doesn't know how to talk to customers, and the photographer friend Victory is very polite and helpful in every way. On the other hand, the desserts from the pastry shop were amazing, as were the staff and chefs. The pools are nice but their staff alienates people. All the staff were bright but inexperienced young people and there was a bit of an imbalance in service. The service staff is very dedicated and friendly, the rooms are clean and beautiful, new and even the first room we got was very dark and closed and they need to try the desserts, they always serve the same, they are insufficient and tasteless. Pros of the hotel; As an Islamic concept, the hotel fulfills your wishes very well, the food is very good and the various staff are very polite and caring. Rüzgar was very friendly with her customers, the staff at the pool cafe and also all the staff at the cafe were very attentive, I was impressed, they were warm and attentive, it was the fourth time and I am very pleased. I would like to thank the relevant administrative staff. Service: The staff should be highlighted positively. The staff was always friendly and helpful and tried to make the stay as pleasant as possible. Reception and reception staff were very attentive and relevant. The waiter and service staff were very friendly and polite. The staff in all areas of the hotel were always friendly and considerate of the guests. The hotel was very clean and the staff worked hard to keep it clean. The staff are attentive and friendly. One of the pluses is the interest and dedication of the staff. Positives - Definitely very successful in food and drink - the staff are concerned - the animation team is great - We would also like to thank Mrs. -You won't have time to get bored with the activities -Thank you to all our staff Cons - the beds in the room are very old -There was nothing we could do to prevent the smell of the toilet. Yorum: ⭐️ Animation team ⭐️ Kitchen team ⭐️ Staff and service ⭐️ Various tasty dishes ⭐️ Sira night is held every Friday It was our first visit to the hotel, we were very satisfied and had an unforgettable holiday. We would like to thank the staff at the hotel entrance and Mrs. Friendly and helpful staff, food, types of food at Sira night and breakfast in the morning were very nice. Yorum: We come every year and we left happy, the pancake was delicious, the desserts are fresh, the hotel is very clean, the pools are useful, the snack bar is always fresh and delicious, thank you to all the hotel staff, thank you to Mrs. This rare hotel where decent people meet in an atmosphere of respect, tolerance and kindness will be appreciated by everyone with its dedicated, friendly and tireless staff. We had a week holiday as a family in this hotel where hundreds of staff provide dedicated and friendly service. Vasiy and his other teammates at the reception and of course all the staff working in the hotel who contributed to our pleasant and comfortable stay. Thanks to the staff and animators. the prices of the islamic hotels that i have experienced before and was satisfied with were very high, while the modern palaces were half the price, i chose this place because the hotel was very crowded, the dedication of the staff was actually obvious, but you could also see that that they were not satisfied, I just suggest that the management should adopt approaches that will motivate their employees Cleaning products left in the rooms Faucets and lamps with photocells that do not go off should also be technically good the women's beach should be cleaned of stones and on the page should there should have been a warning about rocks. All the staff helped us with anything we asked for. Second, some of the staff, especially a bald gentleman with earrings who comes on stage in the amphitheater as the concert is about to start. The animation team were the most attentive staff, they were very considerate and caring to the people who came to stay with them. Generally the food is improved and some staff are warned and if they improve with these warnings it will be a nice hotel to stay. All the staff are very friendly and caring. All the staff are friendly and caring. We were also very pleased with the Başak Spa staff at the hotel. Rüzgar, who brought a big plus to the hotel with her smiling face, the waiters and the waiting staff, who tried their best to fulfill all wishes. hesitation and friendly staff in charge of the floors. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. The staff is very nice and the rooms are very clean! The staff was very unfriendly and barely available. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The cleanliness of the rooms, the friendliness of the staff, the variety and taste of the food and drinks were excellent. The staff tries to help in every matter. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful, thank you all. First of all it is very nice that all the staff are friendly. The rooms were great and clean, the staff were always available and the health care at the hotel clinic was great. I just expected the cafe staff to be a bit friendlier. Everything was perfect, from the staff to the rooms, from the animation to the food. A hotel with incredibly respectful, friendly and smiling staff. We would like to thank each and every one of them, from the ladies in the Turkish bath, to the ladies' pool staff, to the restaurant staff, from the reception staff to the cafe staff. Yorum: It's really amazing that the staff is very friendly and helpful. The hotel has a family atmosphere with the staff I would especially like to thank Ms. Assistant Manager Wasio and the kitchen staff. Yorum: Mini barcı Abdurrahman ve Berna tuşınınde çok ıyıdıler çok iyidiler bide Şeyma teşekek ederim otel çok iyi personeller güler yüzlü During the time I spent in this hotel, I want to leave my positive review: I will start with the technical staff from block C - they do their work at the highest level. All the staff at the reception are very friendly and polite, they approach your problem very responsibly and explain everything clearly. In these hot days, we especially need to support the cooks, their assistants, waiters and technical staff in the restaurant and workers in the mini cafe - everything was tasty, clean and tidy. The indoor pool and hammam are a separate relaxing experience with courteous staff. Of course, a big thanks goes to the technical staff for their titanic work. The quality of service, the polite and friendly behavior of the staff, the variety and taste of the food was excellent. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team... The customer service staff said we could come to them with any complaints, but we didn't want to deal with the constant repetition of things we weren't happy with throughout our dessert. Rüzgar who showed interest and care for the children and was responsible for customer service, a personal problem she solved it immediately.. From the first moment I entered the hotel, we were greeted by friendly staff at the door, friends at the reception hosted us on sofas in the lobby and offered refreshments until the necessary procedures were completed, and then the lady in charge told us about the hotel with a smile on her face, which was a sign of what a great time we will have. Yorum: We had the opportunity to spend 4 days of vacation in modern palaces, everything was really beautiful; -Friendly staff -There is a lot of variety in the restaurants and cafes by the pool and it is always fresh and tasty. Your food, room cleaning and friendly staff were very valuable to us. hesitation and friendly staff in charge of the floors. Everyone was smiling and helpful. All the staff were friendly and helpful. She is a very nice and helpful lady, Mrs. Ersin about my situation he was not helpful at all, he reacted very hard and was rude and support staff. Yorum: Hello We were satisfied with your hotel nice welcome Gözde Hanim and Müslüm Bey at Rezeption are very friendly and helpful. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. I especially noticed the animation team, who are always very helpful. The staff are generally helpful and friendly during transactions that were not expected. As for the staff, they are generally good, but I have to mention that the manager Erin is very rude and doesn't know how to talk to customers, and the photographer friend Victory is very polite and helpful in every way. Muazzez was very helpful if you informed the hotel in advance that you will arrive by plane. The staff was always friendly and helpful and tried to make the stay as pleasant as possible. Friendly and helpful staff, food, types of food at Sira night and breakfast in the morning were very nice. He solved all our problems immediately and was very helpful. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful, thank you all. The nurse and doctor were really helpful with medical care and international insurance procedures. Yorum: It's really amazing that the staff is very friendly and helpful. The staff were very nice and friendly and they did their job very honestly. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. -Cleaning is not a problem, the towel service is very good, but some towels were dirty, we used our own towels and the staff who cleaned the rooms were dedicated. -The staff are generally good. The pools everywhere, the cafes, the staff are amazing. In addition, we were very satisfied with all the services of the hotel staff. Staff: All the staff were very good, very attentive and friendly, especially the young people, the animators worked hard. More importantly, on our last days there were no towels placed in our rooms, when I asked the staff they couldn't help me saying they didn't have clean towels either. The second problem was that the sunbeds on the women's beach were always stacked on top of each other, if we wanted to use them, we had to put them up ourselves by the staff. The number of staff was also quite adequate, especially despite how crowded it was, we got a lot of attention from the Sultan Cafe staff, thank you. From the first moment I entered the hotel, we were greeted by friendly staff at the door, friends at the reception hosted us on sofas in the lobby and offered refreshments until the necessary procedures were completed, and then the lady in charge told us about the hotel with a smile on her face, which was a sign of what a great time we will have. It has daily room cleaning and towel change, a room that smells clean and hygienic and comfortable beds, it has a very large balcony and a mini bar full of drinks and sweet treats What we liked most about this hotel we stayed for 6 nights and 7 days, is that you have a comfortable vacation All the staff tried to help you. The spa team itself was amazing, the staff were very friendly, thank you. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Everyone was friendly and the staff did their best. Yorum: First of all, the staff are really good 👍🏻 I was very surprised when the food was criticized, I think it is more than enough and very tasty, but the desserts are very amateur, except for the desserts, unfortunately they are not 5-star hotel desserts, like would be purchased at a neighboring confectionery. The staff are indifferent. The staff were very polite, caring and friendly, I had a holiday without any stress from any of the staff. The staff are diligent and friendly. I felt like a princess the whole week 😊 the staff was so friendly and nice I can't explain it. Mizgin, one of the service staff, was around us like a moth asking if we had any requests. Or we can call it an observation, the staff working in the cafes looked very unhappy, I don't know why, but they didn't smile at all. There is a cafe called Sultan Cafe which is open 24 hours a day and the staff work there very dedicatedly. All the staff are very friendly, especially the young animators do their best. Most of the staff were friendly and caring. All the staff were friendly. The staff likes the hotel and the staff tries to please the customers. The pools on each side, the cafes, the staff are all amazing. All the staff are very caring. The staff is generally good, but some waiters are very stressed and rude. All female staff are very nice and friendly. Ersin about my situation he was not helpful at all, he reacted very hard and was rude and support staff. The SPA staff sit and eat right in front of you in the ladies pool and restaurant. The restaurant staff needs to be replaced urgently, they are very disrespectful, they talk behind your back when you can hear, they don't understand when you ask something, even if you repeat it, it is not done and in the end you have to do it yourself. The staff are very grumpy, maybe they could learn to be polite and smile. The staff I am satisfied with: Ms. The staff does everything they can to not help. The customer service staff said we could come to them with any complaints, but we didn't want to deal with the constant repetition of things we weren't happy with throughout our dessert. Although the staff was attentive, the hotel's shortcomings could not be ignored: 1. **Service**: Although the staff was very attentive, it was not enough to make up for the shortcomings. All the staff from A to Z were friendly. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. The staff was very friendly and always willing to help us with requests. The staff are friendly and their service is quite fast. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. There shouldn't be any problem with the towels, the rocks could also be a little tidier or a board should be placed there for easy walking on the edges, otherwise the other delicacies, the food, everything is very nice, I was very pleased, thank you to all the Modern Palace staff. We went with a group of 11 people, we all went to the SPA center, we were very satisfied, the staff took care of each of us individually, so we had great intimacy and good friendships in a week. However, thanks to the staff, they brought our lost clothes. The staff were friendly and fun. The staff were very friendly and solution oriented. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. The staff throughout the hotel were always friendly. The staff does what they have to, but there is not a smile or a kind word to be found. However, with the friendly welcome of the hotel staff and management, we realized that we had come to a nice place. The staff is very attentive and friendly. the staff does their best. The service and attention of the staff at the hotel was very good. At the same time, the hotel staff was very attentive and friendly. 3 - The room and hotel were generally clean and the staff were adequate and friendly. Yorum: We had the opportunity to spend 4 days of vacation in modern palaces, everything was really beautiful; -Friendly staff -There is a lot of variety in the restaurants and cafes by the pool and it is always fresh and tasty. Comment: The hotel staff is very friendly. Yorum: First of all, the staff was very nice. Our holiday started with an unhappy and stagnant facial expression from the reception staff. The kitchen, the food is excellent, the staff is nice, the cleaning of the room is very good, thanks to Mr. I was really impressed, especially the staff are very attentive. The friendly service and sincere help of the staff at all times made our vacation even more special. Your food, room cleaning and friendly staff were very valuable to us. -Tour staff who have tables in the passage from the lobby to the restaurant should not keep offering customers to come on tours (your table is written there in the ad, anyone who is interested will come and ask anyway). There is animation in the pools and there are staff to check the children. All the hotel staff were really friendly, especially the staff named Ali, I think those who commented negatively about the hotel are unfortunate characters. Positive aspects of the hotel + The staff took responsibility for the work and we did not receive any negative treatment. The staff are generally helpful and friendly during transactions that were not expected. As for the staff, they are generally good, but I have to mention that the manager Erin is very rude and doesn't know how to talk to customers, and the photographer friend Victory is very polite and helpful in every way. On the other hand, the desserts from the pastry shop were amazing, as were the staff and chefs. The pools are nice but their staff alienates people. All the staff were bright but inexperienced young people and there was a bit of an imbalance in service. The service staff is very dedicated and friendly, the rooms are clean and beautiful, new and even the first room we got was very dark and closed and they need to try the desserts, they always serve the same, they are insufficient and tasteless. Pros of the hotel; As an Islamic concept, the hotel fulfills your wishes very well, the food is very good and the various staff are very polite and caring. Rüzgar was very friendly with her customers, the staff at the pool cafe and also all the staff at the cafe were very attentive, I was impressed, they were warm and attentive, it was the fourth time and I am very pleased. I would like to thank the relevant administrative staff. Service: The staff should be highlighted positively. The staff was always friendly and helpful and tried to make the stay as pleasant as possible. Reception and reception staff were very attentive and relevant. The waiter and service staff were very friendly and polite. The staff in all areas of the hotel were always friendly and considerate of the guests. The hotel was very clean and the staff worked hard to keep it clean. The staff are attentive and friendly. One of the pluses is the interest and dedication of the staff. Positives - Definitely very successful in food and drink - the staff are concerned - the animation team is great - We would also like to thank Mrs. -You won't have time to get bored with the activities -Thank you to all our staff Cons - the beds in the room are very old -There was nothing we could do to prevent the smell of the toilet. Yorum: ⭐️ Animation team ⭐️ Kitchen team ⭐️ Staff and service ⭐️ Various tasty dishes ⭐️ Sira night is held every Friday It was our first visit to the hotel, we were very satisfied and had an unforgettable holiday. We would like to thank the staff at the hotel entrance and Mrs. Friendly and helpful staff, food, types of food at Sira night and breakfast in the morning were very nice. Yorum: We come every year and we left happy, the pancake was delicious, the desserts are fresh, the hotel is very clean, the pools are useful, the snack bar is always fresh and delicious, thank you to all the hotel staff, thank you to Mrs. This rare hotel where decent people meet in an atmosphere of respect, tolerance and kindness will be appreciated by everyone with its dedicated, friendly and tireless staff. We had a week holiday as a family in this hotel where hundreds of staff provide dedicated and friendly service. Vasiy and his other teammates at the reception and of course all the staff working in the hotel who contributed to our pleasant and comfortable stay. Thanks to the staff and animators. the prices of the islamic hotels that i have experienced before and was satisfied with were very high, while the modern palaces were half the price, i chose this place because the hotel was very crowded, the dedication of the staff was actually obvious, but you could also see that that they were not satisfied, I just suggest that the management should adopt approaches that will motivate their employees Cleaning products left in the rooms Faucets and lamps with photocells that do not go off should also be technically good the women's beach should be cleaned of stones and on the page should there should have been a warning about rocks. All the staff helped us with anything we asked for. Second, some of the staff, especially a bald gentleman with earrings who comes on stage in the amphitheater as the concert is about to start. The animation team were the most attentive staff, they were very considerate and caring to the people who came to stay with them. Generally the food is improved and some staff are warned and if they improve with these warnings it will be a nice hotel to stay. All the staff are very friendly and caring. All the staff are friendly and caring. We were also very pleased with the Başak Spa staff at the hotel. Rüzgar, who brought a big plus to the hotel with her smiling face, the waiters and the waiting staff, who tried their best to fulfill all wishes. hesitation and friendly staff in charge of the floors. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. The staff is very nice and the rooms are very clean! The staff was very unfriendly and barely available. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The cleanliness of the rooms, the friendliness of the staff, the variety and taste of the food and drinks were excellent. The staff tries to help in every matter. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful, thank you all. First of all it is very nice that all the staff are friendly. The rooms were great and clean, the staff were always available and the health care at the hotel clinic was great. I just expected the cafe staff to be a bit friendlier. Everything was perfect, from the staff to the rooms, from the animation to the food. A hotel with incredibly respectful, friendly and smiling staff. We would like to thank each and every one of them, from the ladies in the Turkish bath, to the ladies' pool staff, to the restaurant staff, from the reception staff to the cafe staff. Yorum: It's really amazing that the staff is very friendly and helpful. The hotel has a family atmosphere with the staff I would especially like to thank Ms. Assistant Manager Wasio and the kitchen staff. Yorum: Mini barcı Abdurrahman ve Berna tuşınınde çok ıyıdıler çok iyidiler bide Şeyma teşekek ederim otel çok iyi personeller güler yüzlü During the time I spent in this hotel, I want to leave my positive review: I will start with the technical staff from block C - they do their work at the highest level. All the staff at the reception are very friendly and polite, they approach your problem very responsibly and explain everything clearly. In these hot days, we especially need to support the cooks, their assistants, waiters and technical staff in the restaurant and workers in the mini cafe - everything was tasty, clean and tidy. The indoor pool and hammam are a separate relaxing experience with courteous staff. Of course, a big thanks goes to the technical staff for their titanic work. The quality of service, the polite and friendly behavior of the staff, the variety and taste of the food was excellent. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team... removed services. -Cleaning is not a problem, the towel service is very good, but some towels were dirty, we used our own towels and the staff who cleaned the rooms were dedicated. - It's good to have it in cafes everywhere - My least favorite part of the hotel is the beach, unfortunately you can only get to it by car, there is also a shuttle service, but we didn't choose here. In addition, we were very satisfied with all the services of the hotel staff. Services continue every 30 minutes until 6 in the evening. First of all, we would like to thank the entire service team, the young people were great. The service we got for the money we paid was very good. lunch most of the time, that's it, 24 hour beverage service. The hotel is not on the waterfront, but there is a shuttle service and you can enter with your own vehicle. There is a constant service at 30-minute intervals. Mizgin, one of the service staff, was around us like a moth asking if we had any requests. Betül, the service manager, we had the opportunity to have a very nice chat, she is so friendly and honest that everyone should go and see for themselves 😊 Mrs. Experience for yourself what quality and what service is. He has always provided service worthy of the quality he represents and I hope he gets the rewards he deserves. The rooms and minibar services were very nice. Elevators, parking and luggage service were poor. Snack bar, poolside cafe, beach cafe, exhibition site cafe and pastry shop, all day service, everything you want is unlimited. Service is every half hour but is limited. desserts snack bar cafe cleaning service. The quality of service is very good. Women's Safety: Gulhan From Women's Bar: Seher From Women's Kitchen: Bus From Animation Team: Greetings Thank you for your service. The customer service staff said we could come to them with any complaints, but we didn't want to deal with the constant repetition of things we weren't happy with throughout our dessert. **Room Service**: It took them three phone calls to respond to my requests. **Service**: Although the staff was very attentive, it was not enough to make up for the shortcomings. Overall the service was lacking. There is a constant service of food and drinks. The only negative aspects of the hotel are the shuttle service to the sea and the parking problem. It's a shame that there is a service every half hour. Because when the service is low, the shuttles pile up and you feel like you're taking a bus rather than a vacation. Service should be more frequent so that no one is standing. All types of food are very successful (the type that makes everyone happy to eat it) Apart from one or two minor issues that can be encountered in any service sector, we have never encountered any major issues so far. Apart from the animation team, there is no service that we could describe as bad. Being far from the sea is not a problem at all, there is constant service and all services by the sea are the same as in a hotel. The staff are friendly and their service is quite fast. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. At this price, this service is normal for the last three years. Service: The service in the restaurant was poor. Yorum: Negative: ❗It is a maximum of 10 minutes from the sea by car, but there is a shuttle service every half hour. The hotel is not on the beach and a bus service will take you to the beach. Mehmet Akif, who is responsible for the pita and etli breads, has a friendly face and great service. The service and attention of the staff at the hotel was very good. My wife was injured there and there were accidents that required first aid the service is unlimited and was very good in terms of cleanliness as I said it is a hotel we would choose again. First of all it is far from the beach and the bus service was very bad, it is very bad that in the summer months it runs every half hour, it should be every 10 minutes and 15 minutes and the bus service was very bad, I have to say again. -There were different activities every day and evening -Yes, the sea is not within walking distance and they emphasize this already at the first booking There is constant service, we had no problems in this regard. Gülşen had at the sea were excellent and she wanted to join us… 🫠 To give another example, water was leaking from the fountain in our room and they immediately directed technical service to our room and they take care of everything right away. The friendly service and sincere help of the staff at all times made our vacation even more special. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. A private beach for women in the forest and constant food and drink service created a comfort zone for women within Islam. Since there is no valet service, you park your car yourself. Positive aspects: - The food was very tasty - The beverage service at the pool and on the beach is quite good. -After hitting a rock on the beach the medical services were very good and the medical department gave me first treatment. + Wifi service throughout the hotel was excellent, we did not experience any problems with the internet. Negatives + Although the hotel is located approximately 2 km from the sea and has a shuttle service, this can be a disadvantage. In general, the points awarded to the hotel were around 8 on holiday sites and I can say that the service was close to this score. Yorum: First of all I would like to thank you for your service, the rooms were spacious. All the staff were bright but inexperienced young people and there was a bit of an imbalance in service. The service staff is very dedicated and friendly, the rooms are clean and beautiful, new and even the first room we got was very dark and closed and they need to try the desserts, they always serve the same, they are insufficient and tasteless. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. Yorum: Even one star is too much, It's a terrible hotel, I think those who commented have never been to another hotel before, we can say that on the day I came there was nothing to eat, fried potatoes, soup and pasta dining options ok but they take dirty towels and leave without leaving a new one, I experienced this every day, you have to call and ask and he came only after 3 calls, not in one call the door is broken, there is a table on the small balcony, but there is no table on the balcony of the big room I rented, today I called for coffee and milk in the room, they said they were sending it, and it was in the evening, still no coffee, no phone calls 5 times, too bad, the service is a disgrace , half the curtains were removed, I called the front desk and stated that I wanted to speak to a manager or someone in authority to complain. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? For this, we provided hotel service support. After the airport, the Havaş service continues to the bus terminal. They also support Shuttle service if you give them 1 week notice. Aqua entertainment for children and other services caught my attention. For this reason, it is nice that the hotel management has provided a shuttle service as its location is far from the sea. Great service. Offshore services are active and that's a good thing in that respect. Service: The staff should be highlighted positively. The waiter and service staff were very friendly and polite. In general, we were very satisfied with the food, service and activities. Yorum: ⭐️ Animation team ⭐️ Kitchen team ⭐️ Staff and service ⭐️ Various tasty dishes ⭐️ Sira night is held every Friday It was our first visit to the hotel, we were very satisfied and had an unforgettable holiday. And that, the Hotel is 1.5-2 km from the beach and there is a shuttle service for those who want to swim. He cannot use any hotel services (hotel restaurant, pool, gym, activities, etc.) Because we wanted to be in touch with nature and swim in the sea, we chose the bungolow, we are glad we did. (-)Unfortunately, the biggest mistake was that the cleaning service did not visit for 4 days. Music, zumba, sports services and races are organized on the beach. (-) The only problem in the restaurant is the problem with the service. Even though it wasn't busy, the service was very slow. We had a week holiday as a family in this hotel where hundreds of staff provide dedicated and friendly service. It cannot be expressed in words that the atmosphere is filled every evening with the service of cold and hot drinks and various activities accompanied by various artists. The quality of food and service was also good. We were disappointed that everything was cheap, dirty dishes on plates, main courses served in coasters, and the ratio of food and beverage services in the ladies' section to those in the men's or mixed section was 3 out of 10. During certain hours, there is also a pastry shop service, good service and a good idea, but sometimes the cakes run out quickly and are not replenished. The service, food and rooms were amazing. In general, it is not perfect, it has its flaws, but we do not expect perfect service. Yorum: We liked it very much, the service was many times higher than the price paid. The hotel takes 6-7 minutes to get to the beach, but it's not a problem, we drove to and from the beach with our own vehicle, but there is always a shuttle service, so people don't suffer. Rüzgar who showed interest and care for the children and was responsible for customer service, a personal problem she solved it immediately.. The sea was far and there was a shuttle service. All personal cleaning products are very spacious there were no boycott products, the pools are very clean, the women's pool is very nice, the towels in the rooms are very nice, the towels in the rooms are changed every day, my sister Mari and Meryem who clean the rooms, thank you very very, the activities are amazing, the female matinee animator, Esra, 👏 I suggest you to go there, we were very satisfied, the only problem is that the sea is 5 minutes from the hotel, the shuttle service is available every minute in front of the hotel thank you for everything see you next year if i can my rating is 5+5👏👏 149. In addition, a shuttle service is always available. The hotel provides a shuttle service to and from the beach every half hour. İbrahim Savaş for their friendly and attentive service in the main restaurant and Auntie Hatun, whose diaper is very beautiful. Although it was 5 minutes from the sea, it was by far the best that the hotel's own facilities on the beach continued to provide all kinds of services without feeling like you were far away from the hotel. **Overcrowding:** The hotel was completely overcrowded resulting in long queues and overloaded service. Yorum: The hotel is generally good, although they cannot maintain the same service until the last moment in terms of food quality and meal time. Feryat for her attentive service. Only the beach is not right next to the hotel, but there is a shuttle service in front of the hotel and you can be there in 5 minutes or you can also drive your own car. The quality of service, the polite and friendly behavior of the staff, the variety and taste of the food was excellent. The shuttle service to the sea starts at 10. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team...

Rating for Beach: 6.8
Total number of comments for Beach: 330
All results text for Beach: Another negative thing I would say is the beach. You can find something to eat at any time, you can even have lunch on the beach, which is actually a nice thing... - Evening entertainment was nice too - My lifeguard friend from Adana on the communal beach does his job very well while the people in the pool don't look up from their phones to get messages from the pool. - It's good to have it in cafes everywhere - My least favorite part of the hotel is the beach, unfortunately you can only get to it by car, there is also a shuttle service, but we didn't choose here. The beach is small and suddenly deepens. There is absolutely no emphasis on cleanliness on the beach. Location: The hotel is quite far from the beach. Beach: The sea was amazing, no waves and crystal clear, with some sand, pebbles and stones. The beach restaurant had a wide variety of food and drinks. Some of the reasons are as follows: Beach towels were in our rooms, in case we forgot them, we couldn't get the towels to the pool or the sea Given the distance between the hotel and the beach, this was not a small problem. The second problem was that the sunbeds on the women's beach were always stacked on top of each other, if we wanted to use them, we had to put them up ourselves by the staff. The beach is approximately 5 minutes and 1.8 km from the hotel by shuttle. The beach is a pristine spot with the taste of a waveless pool, surrounded by breakwaters and a Blue Flag hotel reserved for the Incekum Natural Park. The women's beach has complete privacy. There is a very nice restaurant on the beach that has sandy entrances. For those who want to spend their lunch time on the beach, many snacks, pita bread, flatbread, fruit and many drinks are offered. Thanks to Abiye, the pita maker on the beach, and Kiraz, the gozleme maker at breakfast. Since we spend most of our time on the ladies beach, we would like to thank our sisters who work there, the crepe makers and the bar lady and her team. As for the points we were not happy with on the beach, the shower area could have been tidier after getting out of the sea. We had problems with beach towels. You can get to the beach by shuttle. But the beach was clean, stone-free and beautiful. The beach area is small. The women's beach is quite adequate and tidy, very beautiful, but I did not like the mixed beach, it was uncomfortable. You can take a bus to the beaches, but that's not a problem, it takes 5 minutes, the only problem is that you can stand sometimes. We couldn't even enjoy the beach, there is an area called the men's side surrounded by huge rocks, there is no such thing, 90 percent of the part they reserved is rock, and when there are some waves, all the men come to the family beach because they can't swim there, it's a complete fiasco. The old shuttle outside the hotel takes you to the beach, waiting for that shuttle means queuing, everything is bad, the beach is bad, the room is bad, the food is bad. There are two different beaches by the sea, women's and mixed, a few km from the hotel, but there is a shuttle every half hour and you can reach them in 3-4 minutes. The food was great, we took the shuttle to ladies beach which took less than 10 minutes. The negative things are the food, the beach and the lack of amenities. It is difficult to drive to the beach. I would like to dedicate another topic to the beach. Unfortunately, the hotel is not by the sea, but the beach belonging to the hotel runs every 15-30 minutes from 10 am to evening, it takes 5-10 minutes, it is not very far. When we asked about the beach before booking, they said it consisted of pebbles and sand. Yes, no lie, the beach part consists of pebbles and sand, but most of the sea part of the hotel is made up of rocks. There is also a restaurant on the beach, but it is the same every day. The pool is too small for guests, it was very crowded, no possibility to walk to the beach. The beach is 1 km from the hotel with a bus. The fact that the women's beach and the sea were well-groomed and beautiful made us want to go again. Ayfer, who work at the ladies' beach and recognized us as soon as they saw us and took care of us with the same sincerity. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. Women's beach is a beautiful beach, but there is no beautiful beach or men's beach. Buses in front of the hotel will take you to the beach. Although the beach is far, it is worth seeing. A pleasant hotel restaurant welcomes you to the beach. From that restaurant you go down to the beach. The depth of the beach is normal. In terms of the Fiat's performance, I think it is affordable compared to many conservative hotels in the region, although it seems expensive to us (I think the biggest reason is that it is far from the beach). Snack bar, poolside cafe, beach cafe, exhibition site cafe and pastry shop, all day service, everything you want is unlimited. I don't like the beach the most. On the beach, right by the sea, there are cafes and restaurants and everything is nice. There is a separate area for women, but there is a lack of showers and toilets on the beach. Also, since it's not walking distance from the hotel, it's not worth going to the beach. The beach was wide and buses ran every 40 to 1 hour. We are extremely happy that the beaches and pools are run fully in accordance with the "conservative hotel" concept and I think this is an exemplary hotel in this respect. The beach was calm and pleasant to relax. Gülşen and Esra, who made us have a great time at the ladies' beach. 🔹️ On the men's beach, sand could spill and cut their hands and feet because of the rocks, and there was nothing on the men's beach, a pool reserved for men. It is also very nice to have pancakes on the beach and in the hotel (for breakfast). It is really interesting that gentlemen who come to a hotel with a conservative concept pull their shorts up to their crotch and lie on the beach next to their children. Pita man on the beach makes the best pitas I've had in a long time. Also the beach toilets were clean every time I went in. Transportation: The shuttle bus to the beach was old and dirty. It would also be nice if the shuttle was available longer so you could visit the beach after 6pm for sunset and photos. The pool and beach are much smaller than in the pictures. Positives: The only bright spot was the room size and the pizza on women's beach which was really good. Positive: ❗The sea was great although it was far, there is a private beach for women and it is covered, giant rocks far in front prevent the waves from coming. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. The hotel is not on the beach and a bus service will take you to the beach. The description said that there is a shuttle bus to the beach every 30 minutes, but in reality there are too many exceptions (bus times from the hotel: 10:00 - 12:00, 14:00 - 16:00). When we arrived at the beach, the ladies beach area was quite small and unkempt. There were too many small and big stones on the beach, so going into the water was always difficult. Since it was only a small part of the beach, you couldn't walk on the beach. I loved that there was beach volleyball and pilates every day. There was also training equipment (very dated but still), I used it… Food on the beach was good to average but Gözleme was super tasty! The family restaurant on the beach was ok but the trees and plants were already half dried and not really taken care of. What I noticed: The men's or mixed beach was slightly better maintained and less rocky. For me, one of the main arguments for this hotel was the separate part of the women's beach. Pool and beach food was average, less than snack bar quality. Beach; the women's beach was nice, you could finally swim in the sea again. It's a shame that everything is so small, but the family beach has a lot of space and much more facilities. The women's beach is stone, the family beach is sandy. At first I was a little worried about the fact that the hotel is far from the beach and that it is a complex of 5 buildings instead of a single and unified hotel concept. The pita and pancakes on the beach were really nice. The hotel offers a very good advantage with a separate beach and pool for women on the beach and in the hotel. Likewise, unlimited food and drinks are available on the beach. The women's beach was also poorly maintained. First of all it is far from the beach and the bus service was very bad, it is very bad that in the summer months it runs every half hour, it should be every 10 minutes and 15 minutes and the bus service was very bad, I have to say again. A number of events took place on the women's beach. Wife didn't like that ladies beach opens at 10am. (Sushi, etc.?) We were also very sorry about the size of the women's beach. Throughout the day, they managed to entertain and cheer everyone up at the pool and on the beach with their never-ending energy. Emir, who added color to our vacation with activities on the beach. Watching the sunset at the beach cafe was amazing. A private beach for women in the forest and constant food and drink service created a comfort zone for women within Islam. The beach part is very small. The beach is not sandy, the bottom part is stony, especially children should wear slippers. The beach is further. -There were large rocks on most of the beach. Positive aspects: - The food was very tasty - The beverage service at the pool and on the beach is quite good. -After hitting a rock on the beach the medical services were very good and the medical department gave me first treatment. Women-only and mixed pools and beaches offer a more family-friendly vacation. Pool and beach closing times may be extended by one hour. + There are two separate parts of the hotel's family beach and women's beach on the beach. Yorum: Today is our first day at Modern Palaces After a long journey we were a little disappointed that the hotel, beach and food were not in the shape and quality as seen in the photos. For a detailed explanation: The ladies beach is 5 minutes from the hotel which is good, the sea water weather is also very nice, but in the photos it is advertised as sandy, but the reality is full of pebbles, not artificial or thin pebbles.. There is a so called dress code on the women's beach, but we actually went today and all were no different from other normal beaches in terms of dress code, there were very few people wearing hijabs and even swimwear. What is sold as an Islamic concept is actually very far from Islamic rules, it is sad that the place for women is surrounded on all sides by extremely cheesy, tattered cheetah, whoever wants can watch from the constant cheetahs… Men are paragliding comfortably on the beach, without nerves, it is a private space reserved for women... There is no men's beach, only a pool and mixed beach facilities. - non-observance of gender rules, inappropriate clothing, as in other Islamic hotels, Distance to the beach, dessert is definitely out of class. The beach was not as rocky as I read in the comments, I think it is very easy to enter with sea shoes. pool opening time, aqua time, ice cream time, beach closing time, pastry shop time, pancake time, dinner time. It's ridiculous that the ice cream is on time in the summer and the beach closes at 6. There is a ladies beach, indoor and outdoor pools and communal family pools. The ladies beach is beautiful and the activities are fun and the friendly guys are very sweet and nice. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? There is a separate, conservative and safe beach for women. Yorum: Hi Ladies' beach was beautiful, you can go there and back by bus, the rooms are cleaned every day, I recommend Ms. The beach is very beautiful. The sea is beautiful, completely sandy, there is a restaurant on the beach, there are places to eat and drink everywhere in the hotel. The coast of Karışık beach is small and the sea is a bit rocky. Yorum: Our first entry to the hotel was welcome, the lady at the reception greeted us with a smile, the hotel environment, our family room, was clean, the food was average, the beach and sea clean and protected, the drinks were excellent, the mini bar was replenished every day , thanks to the family of modern palaces for Herzegovina, we will choose it again. To get out of the hotel, you must have your own vehicle or use facilities such as taxis or beach shuttles. The beach shuttle departs every half hour and at specific times. However, as the women's part of the beach is extremely rocky, I recommend wearing beach shoes. Rüzgar in Public Relations, and the gentleman who makes pita bread at the family beach. The ladies beach was just perfect. If you want to go to the beach, a car leaves the hotel every 15 minutes. It is a very quiet beach. And that, the Hotel is 1.5-2 km from the beach and there is a shuttle service for those who want to swim. Those who prefer bungalows can use the sea and the restaurant on the beach. SEA: The beach reserved for women was much more beautiful than the beach reserved for men and families :) it was clean, covered and the border in the sea was well guarded. Music, zumba, sports services and races are organized on the beach. The snack section on the women's beach was no different from the snack section on other beaches. They are sensitive about not taking their phones to the beach and that was an important issue. Those who prefer bungalows can choose a meal from the à la carte menu at the beach restaurant. You can get to the beach by shuttle. Yes, the hotel is not directly on the beach, but everyone knows that anyway. the prices of the islamic hotels that i have experienced before and was satisfied with were very high, while the modern palaces were half the price, i chose this place because the hotel was very crowded, the dedication of the staff was actually obvious, but you could also see that that they were not satisfied, I just suggest that the management should adopt approaches that will motivate their employees Cleaning products left in the rooms Faucets and lamps with photocells that do not go off should also be technically good the women's beach should be cleaned of stones and on the page should there should have been a warning about rocks. We were satisfied with all the activities in the hotel, room cleaning, food, breakfast and the restaurant on the beach. In total; I came to this hotel for the first time this year and we will choose this hotel in the coming years and among my reasons for choosing it; 1-the perfection of the hotel room and the availability of a washing machine 2-the cleanliness and tranquility of the sea beach 3-delicious food 4-the presence of a separate mosque. you had to wait for fresh beach towels every day and you only got them when the rooms were "cleaned", I was on holiday alone with my 1.5 year old daughter and had to empty the lift myself (which it was). I thought the family beach was nice. Since the hotel was quiet again, we were the only ones on the beach after 4. hour, it wasn't too crowded before, but the beach is generally small. The ladies beach and pool are very good, but the food in the snack bar was the same every day, that should be taken into account. The hotel takes 6-7 minutes to get to the beach, but it's not a problem, we drove to and from the beach with our own vehicle, but there is always a shuttle service, so people don't suffer. There is also a sufficient selection of food and drinks on the beach. Hot pancakes and pita are also served on the beach. * There are several cafes with cold and hot drinks * The shuttle to the beach runs every half hour, it takes 5 minutes. There is also a women's beach * There are 2 outdoor pools in the form of family pools and 1 outdoor pool for women. Yorum: Very nice place if you are looking for a hotel that has a separate beach and pool for ladies. The only positive thing was the beach, but it's never worth the money. You can get to the beach between 10 and 6. They focus on their local music (East and South East) The beach is almost non existent so if you are going for the beach and the sea you may be disappointed. We were very satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel, the size of the rooms, the food, the animation, the beaches and the friendliness, interest and concern. Fatma who was in charge of cleaning on the ladies beach who cleaned and cleaned everywhere without stopping, Mr. Comment: The hotel is a bit far from the beach. We went swimming at the family beach. There is a restaurant with refreshments on the beach. But the sea is so beautiful you can see the sparkling bottom, ladies beach was perfect. The restaurant on the beach has everything, we especially loved the baked potatoes and waffles that made gozleme. Beach activities were nice. The hotel provides a shuttle service to and from the beach every half hour. In the cafes on the beach and by the pool, you can take advantage of the food and drink menu. The ladies' beach is a real jewel of the hotel. The beach is easily accessible by a shuttle bus that has a buffet and a prayer hall on the beach. Although it was 5 minutes from the sea, it was by far the best that the hotel's own facilities on the beach continued to provide all kinds of services without feeling like you were far away from the hotel. I would personally like to thank DJ Ali, who added joy to our joy with his activities on the beach, and the live music team. I think it would be better if the hotel beach, which is very rocky, is cleaned and the area with sunbeds beautified and places like jumping into the sea are built. This made spontaneous beach visits difficult. The private women's beach is our reason for preference, so I didn't pay much attention to the other features. Only the beach is not right next to the hotel, but there is a shuttle service in front of the hotel and you can be there in 5 minutes or you can also drive your own car. Yorum: We are very satisfied with the hotel, the surroundings, the hospitality and the sea/beach. The woman who makes gozleme in the hotel and on the beach is also very nice and sweet. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team... Beach: The sea was amazing, no waves and crystal clear, with some sand, pebbles and stones. There is a very nice restaurant on the beach that has sandy entrances. It is very pleasant to enjoy coffee on the sand in the evening. There was no sand in the men's section, no one was using it anyway. When we asked about the beach before booking, they said it consisted of pebbles and sand. Yes, no lie, the beach part consists of pebbles and sand, but most of the sea part of the hotel is made up of rocks. It is not fine sand or stone. And there is a mess, there are not enough sunbeds, the area of ​​sand is very small, there are not enough umbrellas. The sea is mixed with sand and pebbles, something could sting your feet. Gözde cheated me, I asked to bring medicine from the pharmacy and I paid a thousand TL for money for medicine Taxi. 🔹️The menu is weak when it comes to desserts 🔹️You will definitely not go hungry, there is always something to eat and coffee brewed on the sand. 🔹️ On the men's beach, sand could spill and cut their hands and feet because of the rocks, and there was nothing on the men's beach, a pool reserved for men. The women's beach is stone, the family beach is sandy. The cleanliness of the rooms was quite poor; Incomplete towels were provided every day, there was hair on the floor and sand built up in the shower. Of course, in a large hotel where thousands of people spend their holidays, there can inevitably be minor flaws that I think can be ignored. We were able to get a technician to come a thousand times by calling the front desk and were not happy with the result. The beach is not sandy, the bottom part is stony, especially children should wear slippers. For a detailed explanation: The ladies beach is 5 minutes from the hotel which is good, the sea water weather is also very nice, but in the photos it is advertised as sandy, but the reality is full of pebbles, not artificial or thin pebbles.. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. The sea is beautiful, completely sandy, there is a restaurant on the beach, there are places to eat and drink everywhere in the hotel. It is not very fine sand. I would like to thank all the young people who serve in the restaurant and tea garden, especially Ahmet, whose name I was able to learn, and the lovely Hicrana, who allowed us to enjoy our coffee on the hot sand every evening... While my wife and I were looking at the sea from there, a wave hitting the shore pulled my wife's slippers into the sea. There were also many rocks on the shore that could hurt you. Offshore services are active and that's a good thing in that respect. it's a fun place even though the sea area is mixed, there's plenty of food and drink. Negative aspects; It's far from the sea bro, don't go, you can never go there, the hotel lifts vehicles, there is no problem in this regard, there are always vehicles, it takes about ten minutes, the theme park needs an overhaul, some facilities are broken and poorly maintained, this is a very dangerous situation, the management should pay attention to this, the hotel is crowded, especially the chairs in the pool cafe The number is very small, the shade is low, the best place to drink coffee, we are playing grabs, what do you mean if you put more tables there, the pool water is highly chlorinated, don't enter without glasses, is it far from the market place? Beach: The sea was amazing, no waves and crystal clear, with some sand, pebbles and stones. We admired the sea and spent most of our time here. Some of the reasons are as follows: Beach towels were in our rooms, in case we forgot them, we couldn't get the towels to the pool or the sea Given the distance between the hotel and the beach, this was not a small problem. they referred to the research hospital From the first moment of the incident we contacted the hotel and explained our situation, we asked to cancel the reservation or postpone it to the same date next year, Ms. The family part is very small, 50 meters from the sea, but the owners of the hotel need to urgently take care of the hotel. As for the points we were not happy with on the beach, the shower area could have been tidier after getting out of the sea. By the way, you can go to the sea by bus or by your own car, buses leave at frequent intervals, so we had no problems with that. While my wife and I were looking at the sea from there, a wave hitting the shore pulled my wife's slippers into the sea. This means lifeguards can help people when the sea is calm. We were not happy with the lady manager we tried to contact at sea. The shuttles that take you to the sea drive like village cars. There is a shuttle to the sea, the 10 minute time is not important, but the ancient shuttles were very difficult with children and things in their hands. They bring a towel to the room, you spend the whole day with it, if you forget it in the room, no one gives you a towel either in the pool or by the sea. There are two different beaches by the sea, women's and mixed, a few km from the hotel, but there is a shuttle every half hour and you can reach them in 3-4 minutes. In addition there is a pool cafe which is open from 23:30 at night until morning Food and drink is unlimited in the snack bars by the pool and by the sea and it is not a snack that I did not go to. The distance of the hotel from the sea is about 2 km Even though I came here with the knowledge, it is disturbing that I cannot see the sea. It is a beautiful facility built on 26 acres by the sea where you can have a great time. The sea in classic Alanya is not very good, there are big stones in places. As the seabed is very rocky, you must wear sea shoes. Unfortunately, the hotel is not by the sea, but the beach belonging to the hotel runs every 15-30 minutes from 10 am to evening, it takes 5-10 minutes, it is not very far. Yes, no lie, the beach part consists of pebbles and sand, but most of the sea part of the hotel is made up of rocks. Those who go to the hotel must definitely buy sea shoes. Which also led to a dispute because there weren't enough seats. Yorum: We liked it very much when we went there at the beginning of the season, so we decided to go there a second time this year. The fact that the women's beach and the sea were well-groomed and beautiful made us want to go again. Hope to see you again next season ❤️ 28. The sea was amazing, the pool was of course a little cold, our October room was a really beautiful room, thanks to Mr. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. The sea part is a bit far. The seabed consists of small pebbles. The sea was far away, but the view was beautiful. On the beach, right by the sea, there are cafes and restaurants and everything is nice. The sea is mixed with sand and pebbles, something could sting your feet. Only the location of the sea made it a little tiring because we were with children. But everything is available by the sea, food etc. The toilets in the hotel are always clean, but the toilet seats in the women's toilet by the sea need to be replaced. The only negative aspects of the hotel are the shuttle service to the sea and the parking problem. We make the reservation knowing that it is not directly by the sea. But if we drive our vehicle to the sea, it becomes a problem to find a place to park our vehicle on the way back. Being far from the sea is not a problem at all, there is constant service and all services by the sea are the same as in a hotel. Since there is a short distance between the hotel and the sea, there is a bus every half hour, so it is convenient. The sea is warm but a bit rocky. In some places where the sea is beautiful, the stones sting your feet, but it's not as described, I bought sea shoes for fear, but I didn't even use them. Bathing in a national park and enjoying a meal by the sea and pita lahmacun in the oven is very attentive. Yorum: Negative: ❗It is a maximum of 10 minutes from the sea by car, but there is a shuttle service every half hour. Positive: ❗The sea was great although it was far, there is a private beach for women and it is covered, giant rocks far in front prevent the waves from coming. The sea was very beautiful and clean, I didn't see any algae. Cups of water and other trash floated around in the sea. There was no other way to get into the sea water, the area is very rocky. Beach; the women's beach was nice, you could finally swim in the sea again. You can go to the sea with a shuttle that leaves every half hour. I think the distance to the sea is not a problem. We visited him himself he says it's not a big deal but you're walking off the road and want to swim a bit, you're hungry and have to wait for dinner at 6:30pm because of a problem not on the swim list, I don't mention the pool at all when i poke my head you say the pieces of skin are black the day was very dirty we said let's go to the sea for your information the shuttles end at 4. the sea was a shuttle, but here I want to emphasize that the clock is fast. I think they were careless because they thought the food was insufficient and weak and that it was the end of the season. The sea was a bit rocky but pleasant. There were two mixed pools, 2 pools for women, one indoor, one open and one for men, there were many options, the children's pool was already very nice, it is not a walk to the sea, but it is half way there, the Denizli shuttle was very rocky and stony . -There were different activities every day and evening -Yes, the sea is not within walking distance and they emphasize this already at the first booking There is constant service, we had no problems in this regard. The disadvantage is that my hotel is far from the sea. I was all bruised and hurt because of the rocks and stones in the sea. Gülşen had at the sea were excellent and she wanted to join us… 🫠 To give another example, water was leaking from the fountain in our room and they immediately directed technical service to our room and they take care of everything right away. The sea is also beautiful. The sea is very dirty. The food and drink is clean and the lobby has a large seating area. + The snack after dinner, both in the sea and in the pool, was very good. Negatives + Although the hotel is located approximately 2 km from the sea and has a shuttle service, this can be a disadvantage. For a detailed explanation: The ladies beach is 5 minutes from the hotel which is good, the sea water weather is also very nice, but in the photos it is advertised as sandy, but the reality is full of pebbles, not artificial or thin pebbles.. In fact, the number of sunbeds was insufficient for the holiday crowd, both by the pool and by the sea. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. The beach was not as rocky as I read in the comments, I think it is very easy to enter with sea shoes. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. As for the location, it is in the construction site, around the construction building, dust and dirt, so the location is not good, besides, the hotel is full by itself myself, I'd rather not consider it, as far as location and distance to the sea? By the way, the sea is 1 km away and you can go there by shuttles, as long as the aunties don't crush you. The food and drink stalls by the pool and by the sea are quite sufficient and tasty. Yorum: I really liked the modern hotel Palaces, everyone was very attentive, they were friendly, warm, from the breakfast to the rest rooms, everything was perfect, after breakfast and leaving for the sea, our room was routinely cleaned every day and the missing things were replaced, shampoos , shower gel, etc. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? I liked the sea view. For this reason, it is nice that the hotel management has provided a shuttle service as its location is far from the sea. A shuttle will take you to the sea, the sea is beautiful, but the trip there ends at 6:00 PM. The sea is beautiful, completely sandy, there is a restaurant on the beach, there are places to eat and drink everywhere in the hotel. The coast of Karışık beach is small and the sea is a bit rocky. Yorum: Our first entry to the hotel was welcome, the lady at the reception greeted us with a smile, the hotel environment, our family room, was clean, the food was average, the beach and sea clean and protected, the drinks were excellent, the mini bar was replenished every day , thanks to the family of modern palaces for Herzegovina, we will choose it again. The location is a bit far from the sea, but that shouldn't be a problem. The hotel is not by the sea. The sea water is crystal clear, you can even see your own shadow on the bottom of the sea while swimming. - Aunt Kiraz's pancakes are legendary -There is no such thing as starving when you go to the sea Various dishes are available from 12 to 16. Those who prefer bungalows can use the sea and the restaurant on the beach. He cannot use any hotel services (hotel restaurant, pool, gym, activities, etc.) Because we wanted to be in touch with nature and swim in the sea, we chose the bungolow, we are glad we did. SEA: The beach reserved for women was much more beautiful than the beach reserved for men and families :) it was clean, covered and the border in the sea was well guarded. The sea is clean and without waves, so it is very suitable for small children. So it's not a surprise, besides the sea is very beautiful. Don't be fooled by the fact that you can go to the sea by bus and it is worth going to the sea. In total; I came to this hotel for the first time this year and we will choose this hotel in the coming years and among my reasons for choosing it; 1-the perfection of the hotel room and the availability of a washing machine 2-the cleanliness and tranquility of the sea beach 3-delicious food 4-the presence of a separate mosque. The sea was beautiful. Since it is far from the sea, it is accessible by shuttle. The sea is beautiful in the morning and in the evening. They focus on their local music (East and South East) The beach is almost non existent so if you are going for the beach and the sea you may be disappointed. The sea was far and there was a shuttle service. All personal cleaning products are very spacious there were no boycott products, the pools are very clean, the women's pool is very nice, the towels in the rooms are very nice, the towels in the rooms are changed every day, my sister Mari and Meryem who clean the rooms, thank you very very, the activities are amazing, the female matinee animator, Esra, 👏 I suggest you to go there, we were very satisfied, the only problem is that the sea is 5 minutes from the hotel, the shuttle service is available every minute in front of the hotel thank you for everything see you next year if i can my rating is 5+5👏👏 149. The sea and marine facilities are also very beautiful. One is undecided whether to spend time by the sea or in a hotel. I don't think it is a negative aspect that the sea is far from the hotel. The downside is that the sea is extremely rocky to rocky, but you can absorb this situation by bringing sea shoes. The restaurant by the sea serves excellent appetizers. It is 5 minutes from the sea. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. When we first arrived we were a bit upset because it was quite far from the sea and it was in the middle of new construction. You can go to the sea by shuttle. But the sea is so beautiful you can see the sparkling bottom, ladies beach was perfect. Although we were a wedding couple, we were more than happy with its conservative nature, evening activities, sea and pool options, and spa options that are chargeable. We didn't have many opportunities to swim in the sea due to the weather, but we didn't seek out the sea too much, the pool was enough for us. Although it was 5 minutes from the sea, it was by far the best that the hotel's own facilities on the beach continued to provide all kinds of services without feeling like you were far away from the hotel. I think it would be better if the hotel beach, which is very rocky, is cleaned and the area with sunbeds beautified and places like jumping into the sea are built. **Location:** The sea is much further from the hotel than described on the website. Yorum: We are very satisfied with the hotel, the surroundings, the hospitality and the sea/beach. Poolside and seaside restaurants also have plenty of options. You have to get to the sea anyway by long-distance shuttle or your own vehicle, but they probably won't let you into the national park at sea. The shuttle service to the sea starts at 10. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team... Beach: The sea was amazing, no waves and crystal clear, with some sand, pebbles and stones. We couldn't even enjoy the beach, there is an area called the men's side surrounded by huge rocks, there is no such thing, 90 percent of the part they reserved is rock, and when there are some waves, all the men come to the family beach because they can't swim there, it's a complete fiasco. Positive: ❗The sea was great although it was far, there is a private beach for women and it is covered, giant rocks far in front prevent the waves from coming. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. The sea is clean and without waves, so it is very suitable for small children. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. Beach activities were nice.

Rating for Water Slides: 7.0
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 232
All results text for Water Slides: Playgrounds, water slides and amusement parks keep them entertained. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. The pools were plentiful and the water was hot and worked with slides. There are 4 slides and they are quite adequate and fun. The slides close between 12. In addition, the slide in the pool is in operation between 16.10 and even the lunch hour is stopped, I think it is unnecessary. The slides were fun for my kids and we enjoyed swimming as they did events like bubbles and playing games. Playgrounds, water slides and amusement parks keep them entertained. The pool with slides is more crowded but pleasant. Among my suggestions and criticisms; They should increase the slides, expand the restaurant a bit more, solve the fly problem and improve the maintenance and hours of the amusement park. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. The pool was very cold, we reported the situation and they immediately heated it, it was really good that the problems were solved quickly. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. It's a wider and quieter indoor pool with warm water, my kid didn't look in the face but it was a really nice place, the hotel has its own amusement park, carousel with gondola etc. Negative aspects; It's far from the sea bro, don't go, you can never go there, the hotel lifts vehicles, there is no problem in this regard, there are always vehicles, it takes about ten minutes, the theme park needs an overhaul, some facilities are broken and poorly maintained, this is a very dangerous situation, the management should pay attention to this, the hotel is crowded, especially the chairs in the pool cafe The number is very small, the shade is low, the best place to drink coffee, we are playing grabs, what do you mean if you put more tables there, the pool water is highly chlorinated, don't enter without glasses, is it far from the market place? Our room was on the pool side, there was no dust, I don't know if dust is created in rooms by the road. - Evening entertainment was nice too - My lifeguard friend from Adana on the communal beach does his job very well while the people in the pool don't look up from their phones to get messages from the pool. There are darts tournaments etc at the pool. -The ice creams were not good at all -The drinks and cocktails at the Pool Cafe were very good -The hotel generally deserves its money 6. The pools everywhere, the cafes, the staff are amazing. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? Pool: pools could be bigger. The children's pool was also used by older children, so guests should be aware of that. Some of the reasons are as follows: Beach towels were in our rooms, in case we forgot them, we couldn't get the towels to the pool or the sea Given the distance between the hotel and the beach, this was not a small problem. Your day will be joyful with games and fun by the pool. The beach is a pristine spot with the taste of a waveless pool, surrounded by breakwaters and a Blue Flag hotel reserved for the Incekum Natural Park. We never used the pool because we were sick. The pools were plentiful and the water was hot and worked with slides. The twins did activities and competitions at the pool every day. However, the water in the children's pool was cold. The children also had fun in the family pool. I liked the warm water in the showers by the pools the most. The pools are quite nice. The location of the hotel is very bad, the sun does not shine between the apartments, the pool freezes. My 5-year-old daughter could not enter the women's pool, why could not children She is not in diapers, I do not understand why a huge child cannot enter and the water in the pool did not freeze possible for anyone who enters to swim for a long time. They bring a towel to the room, you spend the whole day with it, if you forget it in the room, no one gives you a towel either in the pool or by the sea. The nurse at the poolside snack bar was very sweet. There are different pools such as men's, women's, mixed swimming, mixed aqua and they are sufficient. I really liked the warm pool water. In addition there is a pool cafe which is open from 23:30 at night until morning Food and drink is unlimited in the snack bars by the pool and by the sea and it is not a snack that I did not go to. There are 4 pools in the hotel, one of which is reserved for women, the other is for children and there is an aqua pool, the other 2 of these pools are mixed and one of them has aqua water. The snack bars by the pool are nice and there is always something to eat. The pool is too small for guests, it was very crowded, no possibility to walk to the beach. The sea was amazing, the pool was of course a little cold, our October room was a really beautiful room, thanks to Mr. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. The hotel has a mixed water park, a children's water park, a communal pool and a women's pool. In the meantime, they didn't bother us, they said you can have breakfast or change your clothes and take us to the pool. The pool was fine but the opening and closing time is 18/10 which I find ridiculous. In addition, the slide in the pool is in operation between 16.10 and even the lunch hour is stopped, I think it is unnecessary. Snack bar, poolside cafe, beach cafe, exhibition site cafe and pastry shop, all day service, everything you want is unlimited. I generally enjoyed the pool, meals, snacks, full drinks and activities. The pools on each side, the cafes, the staff are all amazing. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. Women touching each other inappropriately in public spaces: İNCİ in the SPA and ELIF the cleaner in the women's pool. The SPA staff sit and eat right in front of you in the ladies pool and restaurant. I got very sick, we stayed here for a week, I couldn't eat anything for 7 days, except for the food in the ladies pool. We are extremely happy that the beaches and pools are run fully in accordance with the "conservative hotel" concept and I think this is an exemplary hotel in this respect. The pools were nice to relax in and suitable for all ages. 🔹️ On the men's beach, sand could spill and cut their hands and feet because of the rocks, and there was nothing on the men's beach, a pool reserved for men. The idea that mixed people can enter the pool is not correct. He tries his best to entertain and make everyone happy with his endless energy, without exception during the day at the pool. The pool and beach are much smaller than in the pictures. ❗The closing of the pool at 6 is a negative for me, it is too early. ❗The pool had an outdoor and an indoor pool specifically for women. Or it was available in a mixed pool. We never used the mixed pool. The women's pool was also pleasant. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. The outdoor pool for women was a bit run down, the stairs creaked alarmingly. Pool and beach food was average, less than snack bar quality. Swimming pool; Unfortunately, the public swimming pools do not check for suitable swimwear. At the ladies' pool, too much attention is paid to swimming caps, etc. The hotel offers a very good advantage with a separate beach and pool for women on the beach and in the hotel. We visited him himself he says it's not a big deal but you're walking off the road and want to swim a bit, you're hungry and have to wait for dinner at 6:30pm because of a problem not on the swim list, I don't mention the pool at all when i poke my head you say the pieces of skin are black the day was very dirty we said let's go to the sea for your information the shuttles end at 4. We came to an Islamic hotel, it is very bad that he offered a tattoo as a reward to my brother who won the pool game. I also loved the poolside snacks, but it bothered me that most places served boycotted drinks. It was very good that the pools were both open and closed, but some of the women in the mixed pool dress revealingly and should be warned. Yorum: To explain in detail, it was a hotel that really exceeded our expectations, the rooms were very nice and there was a washing machine in the rooms to hang the laundry every day Renewed and filled, it was really good in terms of cleanliness, there was so much in the food section kinds for breakfast and dinner a great selection, all kinds of snacks, desserts and drinks you can eat and drink 24/7, unlimited As for the pool area, the only thing that bothered us was the excess chlorine in the pool, that's why I got sick and mine. the eyes could not see at all after entering the pool. It was so chlorinated that day, I can only give a minus point for this aspect of the pool and the depth of the pool was a bit short for us, could have been deeper. There were two mixed pools, 2 pools for women, one indoor, one open and one for men, there were many options, the children's pool was already very nice, it is not a walk to the sea, but it is half way there, the Denizli shuttle was very rocky and stony . Another problem is that the number of sunbeds in the hotel is really low, when I went for breakfast in the morning, every sunbed was full of towels, especially in the family pool. Yorum: We had the opportunity to spend 4 days of vacation in modern palaces, everything was really beautiful; -Friendly staff -There is a lot of variety in the restaurants and cafes by the pool and it is always fresh and tasty. Throughout the day, they managed to entertain and cheer everyone up at the pool and on the beach with their never-ending energy. We would especially like to thank the animation team in the ladies' pool and Mr. The dining areas by the pool are adequate and the varieties are nice. The pools are clean. The indoor pool could be a little bigger. (Must be fixed urgently.) -When you ask for something in the drinks and food departments around the pools, they tell you that it is not available in 10 minutes, then in 15 minutes, if you give the product ready, it will be negative. Positive aspects: - The food was very tasty - The beverage service at the pool and on the beach is quite good. There is animation in the pools and there are staff to check the children. Women-only and mixed pools and beaches offer a more family-friendly vacation. Pool and beach closing times may be extended by one hour. + Having two pools in the hotel is very good for families and men. + The snack after dinner, both in the sea and in the pool, was very good. + Even though this is a restaurant, so a pool for men, women are always inside and no one gave any warning. There is no men's beach, only a pool and mixed beach facilities. Gazi, who works in the lobby cafe, and Esra Güler from the animation team, who won our hearts both in the evening and at the pool, for their interest and care. The pools are nice but their staff alienates people. In addition, on 06/22/2024 she was warned very badly by the maid at the ladies' pool, despite her initial statement that it was not hygienic, because before leaving the pool, mom drank the water we brought in the pool, because her heart was constricted, so it was the last, who talked about hygiene. In fact, the number of sunbeds was insufficient for the holiday crowd, both by the pool and by the sea. The waiters working at the pool cafe opposite the restaurant always answered very disrespectfully. pool opening time, aqua time, ice cream time, beach closing time, pastry shop time, pancake time, dinner time. Entertainment, animation, everything is full, you wonder what you can get, the pools and pool entertainment were again very nice, the refreshments are wide, you have everything to fill your eyes and stomach. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. There is a ladies beach, indoor and outdoor pools and communal family pools. The rooms are clean, the communal pools are very nice because aunties can't enter :) The activities are nice and sufficient. The food and drink stalls by the pool and by the sea are quite sufficient and tasty. Rüzgar was very friendly with her customers, the staff at the pool cafe and also all the staff at the cafe were very attentive, I was impressed, they were warm and attentive, it was the fourth time and I am very pleased. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? It depends a bit on what you expect from your holiday, of course if you want to swim in the pool every minute and eat all the time, this is a 10/10 hotel. The pools close very early, it's like life ends at 6pm. There are activities by the pool and every evening. The food served in the cafe in the mixed pool, chicken and liver, was very average, I couldn't eat it, I gave it to the cat every time I bought it. Pool area: Right next to the lounge is the pool, drink bar and dining area. Due to its location in the middle of the hustle and bustle, this pool is rarely used as it offers little privacy. The density of Arab customers is really high and the excessive noise of children in the areas of the pool, lobby and restaurant hurt us a lot. The snack bar in the mixed pool is more than enough to eat and drink Pancakes in the bar in the indoor pool were delicious. However, the mixed children's pool is only heated in the evening, which is a big minus for us. The sun hits the pool well after noon and is not enough to warm the room. But everything is nice, be it the food or the pools. - The pool where Aqua was located was very crowded and very dirty. It was very nice to have both indoor and outdoor pools for the ladies. He cannot use any hotel services (hotel restaurant, pool, gym, activities, etc.) Because we wanted to be in touch with nature and swim in the sea, we chose the bungolow, we are glad we did. Yorum: We come every year and we left happy, the pancake was delicious, the desserts are fresh, the hotel is very clean, the pools are useful, the snack bar is always fresh and delicious, thank you to all the hotel staff, thank you to Mrs. Mixed pools are used by fewer people and are cleaner. The pool with slides is more crowded but pleasant. I liked that there were separate pools for men and women. I would also like to thank the DJ who cheered us up by playing beautiful songs at the family pool. He ends up throwing the DJ into the pool, thank god we got to see him too (joke) 😂. The pools were also big enough. Pool cleaning was good. We would especially like to thank the lady lifeguards in the ladies pool. Yorum: This hotel is very bad, the women's pool smells like eggs, the food is always the same and very bad, there are always cats wandering around while eating and the lifeguard stops and looks at me, I did not like it, I will not come to this hotel again. The hotel was clean, including the pools. The pools are quite adequate. The ladies beach and pool are very good, but the food in the snack bar was the same every day, that should be taken into account. There is also a women's beach * There are 2 outdoor pools in the form of family pools and 1 outdoor pool for women. There is also an indoor men's and women's pool and spa. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. Yorum: Very nice place if you are looking for a hotel that has a separate beach and pool for ladies. The pools are unsatisfactory and unhygienic. I saw washing around the pools in the evening, the areas washed with a hose flowed into the pool and there were no grills around the pool. The dirty water outside flows into the pool as it is. The pools are dirty and have poor hygiene. All personal cleaning products are very spacious there were no boycott products, the pools are very clean, the women's pool is very nice, the towels in the rooms are very nice, the towels in the rooms are changed every day, my sister Mari and Meryem who clean the rooms, thank you very very, the activities are amazing, the female matinee animator, Esra, 👏 I suggest you to go there, we were very satisfied, the only problem is that the sea is 5 minutes from the hotel, the shuttle service is available every minute in front of the hotel thank you for everything see you next year if i can my rating is 5+5👏👏 149. It is a hotel we will choose again because we are satisfied with its food and drink, hospitality, cleanliness, organization, pool and entertainment and many other aspects. Our children did not leave the children's pool. There are 2 swimming pools for adults. The animation starts in the pool and continues until the night. The pools are nice, but unfortunately 140 cm is not deep enough, I wish they were deeper. In addition, the most important issue that needs to be improved is the children's pool. You have built a very nice children's pool. Our children could not enter this pool even once. Also the pool music needs to be changed as it is very outdated and slow. Women are very particular about wearing a swimming cap in the pool, so the pools are spotlessly clean. Although we were a wedding couple, we were more than happy with its conservative nature, evening activities, sea and pool options, and spa options that are chargeable. In the cafes on the beach and by the pool, you can take advantage of the food and drink menu. We didn't have many opportunities to swim in the sea due to the weather, but we didn't seek out the sea too much, the pool was enough for us. The poolside and lobby cafes are very satisfactory. We would like to thank each and every one of them, from the ladies in the Turkish bath, to the ladies' pool staff, to the restaurant staff, from the reception staff to the cafe staff. The indoor pool and hammam are a separate relaxing experience with courteous staff. Poolside and seaside restaurants also have plenty of options. - pool activities: darts, shooting for seniors, water handball. It's the same here at the pool, you can't do anything until 10 o'clock. The pool is also closed as the gym and pool are in the same location. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team... It's a wider and quieter indoor pool with warm water, my kid didn't look in the face but it was a really nice place, the hotel has its own amusement park, carousel with gondola etc. Negative aspects; It's far from the sea bro, don't go, you can never go there, the hotel lifts vehicles, there is no problem in this regard, there are always vehicles, it takes about ten minutes, the theme park needs an overhaul, some facilities are broken and poorly maintained, this is a very dangerous situation, the management should pay attention to this, the hotel is crowded, especially the chairs in the pool cafe The number is very small, the shade is low, the best place to drink coffee, we are playing grabs, what do you mean if you put more tables there, the pool water is highly chlorinated, don't enter without glasses, is it far from the market place? -You can find water and ayran from the cupboards at any time. The beach is a pristine spot with the taste of a waveless pool, surrounded by breakwaters and a Blue Flag hotel reserved for the Incekum Natural Park. Drinks, water and coffee were placed in the fridge especially for us. Hot water in the fountain, Turkish toilets and toilets, everything has been thought of. The pools were plentiful and the water was hot and worked with slides. However, the water in the children's pool was cold. I liked the warm water in the showers by the pools the most. What we don't understand could be a child falling into the water there. The last time we lost the sink head was trying to turn off the water. The mini bars are said to be replenished every day, but if you are not in your room, they don't leave milk and juice, they only leave water and soda. My 5-year-old daughter could not enter the women's pool, why could not children She is not in diapers, I do not understand why a huge child cannot enter and the water in the pool did not freeze possible for anyone who enters to swim for a long time. I really liked the warm pool water. The hotel is not on the waterfront, but there is a shuttle service and you can enter with your own vehicle. There are 4 pools in the hotel, one of which is reserved for women, the other is for children and there is an aqua pool, the other 2 of these pools are mixed and one of them has aqua water. The hotel has a mixed water park, a children's water park, a communal pool and a women's pool. The mixed water park and the children's water park are located next to each other. Between 12-16 next to the water parks there is refreshments. Next to the mixed water park is a cute mosque. Even though we just wanted water and towels. They play games like darts, water polo, and mega Jenga every day. However, the use of the water park was limited. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. Cups of water and other trash floated around in the sea. There were too many small and big stones on the beach, so going into the water was always difficult. There was no other way to get into the sea water, the area is very rocky. It was annoying that my throat was dry because of the salt and bread in the food and there was no drink in the fridges except water buttermilk and turnips. Gülşen had at the sea were excellent and she wanted to join us… 🫠 To give another example, water was leaking from the fountain in our room and they immediately directed technical service to our room and they take care of everything right away. For a detailed explanation: The ladies beach is 5 minutes from the hotel which is good, the sea water weather is also very nice, but in the photos it is advertised as sandy, but the reality is full of pebbles, not artificial or thin pebbles.. In addition, on 06/22/2024 she was warned very badly by the maid at the ladies' pool, despite her initial statement that it was not hygienic, because before leaving the pool, mom drank the water we brought in the pool, because her heart was constricted, so it was the last, who talked about hygiene. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. Playgrounds, water slides and amusement parks keep them entertained. The sea water is crystal clear, you can even see your own shadow on the bottom of the sea while swimming. They only put fruit juice, soda and 2 waters in the minibar. In some places they set the boundaries when the water is almost up to their knees. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. The dirty water outside flows into the pool as it is. It still works, but the water is very cold. The water park is very pleasant for children. - pool activities: darts, shooting for seniors, water handball. There are different pools such as men's, women's, mixed swimming, mixed aqua and they are sufficient. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. The slides were fun for my kids and we enjoyed swimming as they did events like bubbles and playing games. Swimming pool; Unfortunately, the public swimming pools do not check for suitable swimwear. At the ladies' pool, too much attention is paid to swimming caps, etc. I assume swimming was banned before you hit the limit? The sea water is crystal clear, you can even see your own shadow on the bottom of the sea while swimming. We went swimming at the family beach. There are 2 swimming pools for adults. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. Women are very particular about wearing a swimming cap in the pool, so the pools are spotlessly clean. The nurse at the poolside snack bar was very sweet. Snack bar, poolside cafe, beach cafe, exhibition site cafe and pastry shop, all day service, everything you want is unlimited. I also loved the poolside snacks, but it bothered me that most places served boycotted drinks. The poolside and lobby cafes are very satisfactory. Poolside and seaside restaurants also have plenty of options. Yorum: To explain in detail, it was a hotel that really exceeded our expectations, the rooms were very nice and there was a washing machine in the rooms to hang the laundry every day Renewed and filled, it was really good in terms of cleanliness, there was so much in the food section kinds for breakfast and dinner a great selection, all kinds of snacks, desserts and drinks you can eat and drink 24/7, unlimited As for the pool area, the only thing that bothered us was the excess chlorine in the pool, that's why I got sick and mine. Pool area: Right next to the lounge is the pool, drink bar and dining area. - pool activities: darts, shooting for seniors, water handball. Entertainment, animation, everything is full, you wonder what you can get, the pools and pool entertainment were again very nice, the refreshments are wide, you have everything to fill your eyes and stomach. - pool activities: darts, shooting for seniors, water handball. Entertainment, animation, everything is full, you wonder what you can get, the pools and pool entertainment were again very nice, the refreshments are wide, you have everything to fill your eyes and stomach. - pool activities: darts, shooting for seniors, water handball. Entertainment, animation, everything is full, you wonder what you can get, the pools and pool entertainment were again very nice, the refreshments are wide, you have everything to fill your eyes and stomach.

Rating for Transportation Options: 5.8
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 205
All results text for Transportation Options: Transportation: The shuttle bus to the beach was old and dirty. Although transportation is difficult, except for own vehicle, we knew that transportation to. Regarding transportation, Avsallar is an out of town hotel but has facilities. Transportation: The shuttle bus to the beach was old and dirty. Although transportation is difficult, except for own vehicle, we knew that transportation to. Regarding transportation, Avsallar is an out of town hotel but has facilities. Due to the location of the hotel, transport options were very limited. If you want to use public transport, you should go down to the main street. If you want to use public transport, you should go down to the main street. Gözde cheated me, I asked to bring medicine from the pharmacy and I paid a thousand TL for money for medicine Taxi. When I asked he said that he increased by 52 TL and that he gave it to me because he was waiting for a taxi When I went to inform Mr. You got off the bus by the roadside and if a taxi passes by, you wait for another taxi to pass by. You can reach the hotel by taxi. To get out of the hotel, you must have your own vehicle or use facilities such as taxis or beach shuttles. We only used the taxi for a short distance, we even paid 300 TL. It is very far from both airports once you get off the plane. It takes 2 hours to get from the airport to the area where the hotel is located. After the airport, the Havaş service continues to the bus terminal. By the way, you can go to the sea by bus or by your own car, buses leave at frequent intervals, so we had no problems with that. You can take a bus to the beaches, but that's not a problem, it takes 5 minutes, the only problem is that you can stand sometimes. The beach is 1 km from the hotel with a bus. Buses in front of the hotel will take you to the beach. Women's Safety: Gulhan From Women's Bar: Seher From Women's Kitchen: Bus From Animation Team: Greetings Thank you for your service. The beach was wide and buses ran every 40 to 1 hour. Because when the service is low, the shuttles pile up and you feel like you're taking a bus rather than a vacation. Since there is a short distance between the hotel and the sea, there is a bus every half hour, so it is convenient. Transportation: The shuttle bus to the beach was old and dirty. The hotel is not on the beach and a bus service will take you to the beach. The description said that there is a shuttle bus to the beach every 30 minutes, but in reality there are too many exceptions (bus times from the hotel: 10:00 - 12:00, 14:00 - 16:00). It was also very annoying that the bus was mostly overcrowded. The bus windows were always dirty. Plus very busy and it's a shame that people, especially in an Islamic hotel, think they have to brag so much and then let it go. The bus runs every half hour, it's a five minute drive so no problem. When the bus is full, another bus arrives. She can't concentrate on serving drinks because she's busy on the phone. First of all it is far from the beach and the bus service was very bad, it is very bad that in the summer months it runs every half hour, it should be every 10 minutes and 15 minutes and the bus service was very bad, I have to say again. I would like to thank the modern employees and business owners for everything, we hope to have a longer vacation next year... You can go there every 30 minutes by shuttle bus. The whole year we arrived exhausted from working life, and it bothered me that everything was so busy and we were constantly trying to catch up. Buses run at regular intervals. You got off the bus by the roadside and if a taxi passes by, you wait for another taxi to pass by. Yorum: We organized our academy in Alanya for business. After the airport, the Havaş service continues to the bus terminal. Yorum: Hi Ladies' beach was beautiful, you can go there and back by bus, the rooms are cleaned every day, I recommend Ms. Due to its location in the middle of the hustle and bustle, this pool is rarely used as it offers little privacy. This is a business that is worried about the money they get, they should treat Arabs decently but we Turkish citizens are in the background, this is a hotel I will never choose. Even though it wasn't busy, the service was very slow. Don't be fooled by the fact that you can go to the sea by bus and it is worth going to the sea. floor on 25/06/2024/30/06/2024 to make it useful for both business owners and guests coming to the hotel. The beach is easily accessible by a shuttle bus that has a buffet and a prayer hall on the beach. I almost forgot about Zukhra and business managers Nur and Sibel Nur, Elif and friendly Vasik will not let you forget them either for their good relationship with vacationers. For example, if a friend who made meatballs learned the recipe for Inegöl meatballs and received some training, the whole hotel would feed itself with so much minced meat and not a single meatball would go to waste. There was also training equipment (very dated but still), I used it… Food on the beach was good to average but Gözleme was super tasty! there is no market nearby, the hotel has its own market, there is no parking outside, it is not a pleasant situation at all, there is construction nearby and the vehicles are covered with dust. -There is a problem with parking - The lobby is very large, spacious and cool. There is no parking, we had to park in dusty places far from the hotel and the car remained dusty during our stay. september, they wrote it as "price and performance" but that was completely wrong, in fact we first asked for a parking bed in the room the park bed we got didn't fit the interior width and long sides and they sent it without the inner wooden part . Our only criticism is the parking problem, I'm sure they will find a solution to that too. The hotel's own parking lot is not enough for your vehicles, but there are empty spaces in front of the hotel where you can park. Because the cat scratched the girl and the child had to be taken to the hospital, the parking lot needs to be fixed. Elevators, parking and luggage service were poor. There is no parking space which is a bit of a problem. The only negative aspects of the hotel are the shuttle service to the sea and the parking problem. In general, parking has always been a problem. From the time I arrived, the disabled parking lot was full of vehicles without disabled license plates. They do not have safe and controlled parking lots. Yorum: We spent our vacation in modern palaces and I will list my experiences as positive and negative items; Negatives: -There are not enough parking spaces, so you have to park in front of the surrounding villas. By the way, there is no parking, but there is a 7-8 parking lot in front of the hotel, which is not closed anyway, and other vehicles park where they can find them. There is no parking here. The only negative thing you can say is that there are few parking spaces for cars, but the room is somehow solved. Parking beds are available. - The location is actually nice, but there are several constructions around the hotel, which is a bit distracting. Location: The hotel is quite far from the beach. Due to the location of the hotel, there is a large development around it in the area where housing estates and apartments are located. The location of the hotel is very bad, the sun does not shine between the apartments, the pool freezes. Only the location of the sea made it a little tiring because we were with children. As for the location, it is in the construction site, around the construction building, dust and dirt, so the location is not good, besides, the hotel is full by itself myself, I'd rather not consider it, as far as location and distance to the sea? Yorum: First I would like to talk about the location of the hotel. For this reason, it is nice that the hotel management has provided a shuttle service as its location is far from the sea. The hotel's location, cleanliness and food are excellent. Due to its location in the middle of the hustle and bustle, this pool is rarely used as it offers little privacy. The location is a bit far from the sea, but that shouldn't be a problem. However, I did not like the location of the hotel. Due to the location of the hotel, transport options were very limited. Firstly, the location of the hotel is very remote, the road is completely rocky and the construction area is full of dust. **Location:** The sea is much further from the hotel than described on the website. The location of the hotel is also quite good. The pool is also closed as the gym and pool are in the same location. Some of the reasons are as follows: Beach towels were in our rooms, in case we forgot them, we couldn't get the towels to the pool or the sea Given the distance between the hotel and the beach, this was not a small problem. But those who have a vehicle can go there with their own vehicle, we drove every day a distance that took less than 5 minutes with our own vehicle and came back when we wanted And let's go to concerts where many famous artists perform, wonderful concerts offer you a real holiday environment. The distance of the hotel from the sea is about 2 km Even though I came here with the knowledge, it is disturbing that I cannot see the sea. Also, since it's not walking distance from the hotel, it's not worth going to the beach. Since there is a short distance between the hotel and the sea, there is a bus every half hour, so it is convenient. I think the distance to the sea is not a problem. -There were different activities every day and evening -Yes, the sea is not within walking distance and they emphasize this already at the first booking There is constant service, we had no problems in this regard. - non-observance of gender rules, inappropriate clothing, as in other Islamic hotels, Distance to the beach, dessert is definitely out of class. As for the location, it is in the construction site, around the construction building, dust and dirt, so the location is not good, besides, the hotel is full by itself myself, I'd rather not consider it, as far as location and distance to the sea? We only used the taxi for a short distance, we even paid 300 TL. You have to get to the sea anyway by long-distance shuttle or your own vehicle, but they probably won't let you into the national park at sea. there is no market nearby, the hotel has its own market, there is no parking outside, it is not a pleasant situation at all, there is construction nearby and the vehicles are covered with dust. The hotel is clean, there is nothing disturbing, the rooms are cleaned every day, the rooms are very nice and spacious (at least the room I stayed in was like that) there is central air conditioning, it works well and the room is ice Cold. The air conditioning was centrally controlled, but adjustable for each room and therefore very pleasant. Also, since it's not walking distance from the hotel, it's not worth going to the beach. -There were different activities every day and evening -Yes, the sea is not within walking distance and they emphasize this already at the first booking There is constant service, we had no problems in this regard. it's a fun place even though the sea area is mixed, there's plenty of food and drink. Due to the location of the hotel, there is a large development around it in the area where housing estates and apartments are located. Cleaning: The restaurant and other areas were not dirty, but the daily cleaning of the rooms was insufficient. Concept: An Islamic concept, hasema is mandatory in common areas, but the young girls of guests must also follow this concept. Our rooms were clean but there was a serious cleaning problem in the common areas. As for the points we were not happy with on the beach, the shower area could have been tidier after getting out of the sea. The beach area is small. Mixed and men's area next to each other. There was no lane drawn to prevent anyone from entering the area. We couldn't even enjoy the beach, there is an area called the men's side surrounded by huge rocks, there is no such thing, 90 percent of the part they reserved is rock, and when there are some waves, all the men come to the family beach because they can't swim there, it's a complete fiasco. The overall cleanliness of the hotel was also good, including the restaurant area and other areas, but I hope the hotel management will see this. 1- The amusement park area has been neglected and needs maintenance and repair. There is a separate area for women, but there is a lack of showers and toilets on the beach. And there is a mess, there are not enough sunbeds, the area of ​​sand is very small, there are not enough umbrellas. There are many cats in the hotel area, some are very careless and are left alone. We left very happy, the last time there was a paid play area for kids which is very annoying, you have to buy a token to run it with it and the mini amusement park was not open every day, luckily it was open on Friday night, the amusement park is free but I think that it should be open every evening at certain hours. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. Booking a room with a view is pointless as there are really only buildings or construction sites in the area. When we arrived at the beach, the ladies beach area was quite small and unkempt. There was no other way to get into the sea water, the area is very rocky. It was an experience for us where every day was packed, there were lots of activities and events and we could have fun as a family in different areas. Yorum: To explain in detail, it was a hotel that really exceeded our expectations, the rooms were very nice and there was a washing machine in the rooms to hang the laundry every day Renewed and filled, it was really good in terms of cleanliness, there was so much in the food section kinds for breakfast and dinner a great selection, all kinds of snacks, desserts and drinks you can eat and drink 24/7, unlimited As for the pool area, the only thing that bothered us was the excess chlorine in the pool, that's why I got sick and mine. The dining areas by the pool are adequate and the varieties are nice. The food and drink is clean and the lobby has a large seating area. + The area around the hotel is like a construction site. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. It takes 2 hours to get from the airport to the area where the hotel is located. In many areas you come into conflict with your aunts and are attacked by them. on the day of the holiday, the cleaning that I wanted in the room was definitely not done, the garbage bags were changed, in addition, the hygiene and cleaning of the room, the bed, the toilet, the bathroom and other areas in the room were not provided. Pool area: Right next to the lounge is the pool, drink bar and dining area. The density of Arab customers is really high and the excessive noise of children in the areas of the pool, lobby and restaurant hurt us a lot. The staff in all areas of the hotel were always friendly and considerate of the guests. Firstly, the location of the hotel is very remote, the road is completely rocky and the construction area is full of dust. I saw washing around the pools in the evening, the areas washed with a hose flowed into the pool and there were no grills around the pool. I was not very pleased with the cleaning of the room and the mini bar, but I wasn't really looking for it :) It was also nice to have an activity in each area. I think it would be better if the hotel beach, which is very rocky, is cleaned and the area with sunbeds beautified and places like jumping into the sea are built. **Cleanliness:** Even in the area of ​​cleanliness there is room for improvement. Rooms and public areas were not thoroughly cleaned. --- Such reviews can help other travelers make informed decisions and alert hotel management to areas for improvement. Hundreds of people spend their holidays on an area of ​​400-500 m2. It's a wider and quieter indoor pool with warm water, my kid didn't look in the face but it was a really nice place, the hotel has its own amusement park, carousel with gondola etc. it's a fun place even though the sea area is mixed, there's plenty of food and drink. Negative aspects; It's far from the sea bro, don't go, you can never go there, the hotel lifts vehicles, there is no problem in this regard, there are always vehicles, it takes about ten minutes, the theme park needs an overhaul, some facilities are broken and poorly maintained, this is a very dangerous situation, the management should pay attention to this, the hotel is crowded, especially the chairs in the pool cafe The number is very small, the shade is low, the best place to drink coffee, we are playing grabs, what do you mean if you put more tables there, the pool water is highly chlorinated, don't enter without glasses, is it far from the market place? Every time you place an order the guy standing there has a weird look on his face like he's saying take this and go and it's very obvious. I thank him, after all it was a place we went to for the first time and we felt like strangers, inevitably. There is no parking, we had to park in dusty places far from the hotel and the car remained dusty during our stay. They do the daily cleaning without touching the toilet and bathroom, even though those should be the first places to be cleaned. More importantly, on our last days there were no towels placed in our rooms, when I asked the staff they couldn't help me saying they didn't have clean towels either. Drinks, water and coffee were placed in the fridge especially for us. As for the food, you won't go hungry, there is a variety, but in my opinion it's sloppy, low quality ingredients are used, we couldn't eat dessert for days, everyone had desserts left on their plates, I don't see how something with sugar can be bad, there it's actually a pastry shop, trust me, I'm surprised how the manager praised the place, the macaroons were like a rock, the donuts were like a rock, I couldn't spit out the baklava after I put it in my mouth, you have a bitter taste in your mouth, who makes them, is a disaster. The sea in classic Alanya is not very good, there are big stones in places. In the hotel there is a place like a nomadic tent between 12 and 16. Especially if you are someone who goes to Adine or Selge, if they have 8 points, this place gets a maximum of 4 points when it comes to food. This will be our resting place every year. Yorum: I chose this place again this year, but unfortunately I regretted it. Sami) was doing in the hotel for a year, but this place has become terrible. The restaurant staff needs to be replaced urgently, they are very disrespectful, they talk behind your back when you can hear, they don't understand when you ask something, even if you repeat it, it is not done and in the end you have to do it yourself. Overall I am not satisfied at all and for this price I would not recommend this place. The toilets in the hotel are always clean, but the toilet seats in the women's toilet by the sea need to be replaced. But if we drive our vehicle to the sea, it becomes a problem to find a place to park our vehicle on the way back. Yorum: We have been going to this hotel as a big family for 7 years and we can say that it is the place where we feel the most comfortable after our own home. 🔹️We wanted a quiet room, but it looked like all the programs of the amphitheater were in the room😃Also, it would be better if the balcony doors were replaced, we called the technical team to close them. There shouldn't be any problem with the towels, the rocks could also be a little tidier or a board should be placed there for easy walking on the edges, otherwise the other delicacies, the food, everything is very nice, I was very pleased, thank you to all the Modern Palace staff. In some places where the sea is beautiful, the stones sting your feet, but it's not as described, I bought sea shoes for fear, but I didn't even use them. However, with the friendly welcome of the hotel staff and management, we realized that we had come to a nice place. I also loved the poolside snacks, but it bothered me that most places served boycotted drinks. - Rooms were cleaned every day and clean towels were left and daily drinks were placed in the rooms. A number of events took place on the women's beach. As a building, it doesn't look very luxurious, but the rooms are different from a hotel room, it's like I'm at a friend's place, they're very big and spacious, the air conditioning is very good and top notch. The only downside is that if a normal park were placed instead of an amusement park, the children would spend more time there. We went to famous places in many cities to see the sunset, this was the most beautiful for me. Yorum: A place for a headache-free holiday. What is sold as an Islamic concept is actually very far from Islamic rules, it is sad that the place for women is surrounded on all sides by extremely cheesy, tattered cheetah, whoever wants can watch from the constant cheetahs… Men are paragliding comfortably on the beach, without nerves, it is a private space reserved for women... One of the most disturbing things about the hotel is that it is a family hotel, the marketing of the Islamic concept is actually things that are constantly against Islam, for example, concert sounds coming into your bedroom all night, Disco sounds not stopping for hours, it is very sad, that people come to relax and how many people don't want to stay there because they are so-called Islamic Choose this place as a place... Yorum: We chose modern palaces for 1 week, it is definitely a place you should choose for children. If you have been to hotels like (Adin,woom) you can dream This place may be broken but I think it is worth your money because it was twice the size of this place. Yorum: I really liked the modern hotel Palaces, everyone was very attentive, they were friendly, warm, from the breakfast to the rest rooms, everything was perfect, after breakfast and leaving for the sea, our room was routinely cleaned every day and the missing things were replaced, shampoos , shower gel, etc. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? As someone who has stayed in many hotels of this style before, I found this place to be average. Yorum: Modern palaces are located in a wonderful place with a lot of oxygen, I am very happy, God willing, we would like to thank our chefs and waiters, especially in the kitchen department, and the entertainment every night was great. There was a nice space in the mini club which started at 2pm after the meal and this place attracted my attention. I think the only thing that makes this place stand out is that it treats its guests as guests, not customers, and works hard to make sure they have a peaceful vacation (Imagine he was in the hotel even at 2am ). august In short, I regret not choosing this place until now. The sea is beautiful, completely sandy, there is a restaurant on the beach, there are places to eat and drink everywhere in the hotel. If I had never been to a hotel before, I would probably like this place, but it is not a 5 star hotel. Finally, I would like to end my comment with a word from our place. In some places they set the boundaries when the water is almost up to their knees. As a result, if I had the right to vacation I would choose this place again, if they take constructive criticism into account, it will be an incredible vacation destination. My friends, who have driven 2000 km with their private vehicles every year since opening, better understand the value of this place. the prices of the islamic hotels that i have experienced before and was satisfied with were very high, while the modern palaces were half the price, i chose this place because the hotel was very crowded, the dedication of the staff was actually obvious, but you could also see that that they were not satisfied, I just suggest that the management should adopt approaches that will motivate their employees Cleaning products left in the rooms Faucets and lamps with photocells that do not go off should also be technically good the women's beach should be cleaned of stones and on the page should there should have been a warning about rocks. We had no problems during our stay, but you may not be able to find a place when the hotel is full. The live music was very good, but it would be better if this event was held in an amphitheater, not in a hookah cafe, because most of the time there is no place to sit. Yorum: Very nice place if you are looking for a hotel that has a separate beach and pool for ladies. There wasn't much variety in the food and cans of tomatoes were placed everywhere as decoration. My daughters were constantly warned because it was open and we were also on vacation in places where there were open spaces and no one questioned my closure. We chose this place last year. If the touches I mentioned are made, the hotel will become a more beautiful place. As Alanya is generally a tourist place for shopping, Euros are used for many purchases, so the all inclusive concept was very good for us as it is very difficult financially to stay in a place with half board or accommodation only and afford food, drinks etc . I think it would be better if the hotel beach, which is very rocky, is cleaned and the area with sunbeds beautified and places like jumping into the sea are built. The assistant general manager of the hotel may walk up to you in front of your children and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. Anyway, it is a tiny place, there is little space like a garden on the property, the surroundings are dusty, the road is very bad, don't think about walking.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 7.8
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 184
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: The lady who showed us to the room gave us the room with the tone "You'll still use it before going to bed, even if you don't have a clear view." We were not satisfied with the cleanliness of the room. It was our first experience, but the hotel was terrible, especially in terms of cleanliness. There is absolutely no emphasis on cleanliness on the beach. The cleanliness of the rooms was not good at all, I had to say that the sheets were not changed regularly, so they changed them. The cleanliness of the rooms was good, they were cleaned every day and the sheets were changed without us saying it. The overall cleanliness of the hotel was also good, including the restaurant area and other areas, but I hope the hotel management will see this. **Cleanliness**: The cleanliness of the room was insufficient. The bathroom also lacked cleanliness and had lime residue. 🔹️This is a 5-star hotel, but I think a little more attention should be paid to cleanliness and order, as a result, we were satisfied as a family and I would like to come again to be better. Other than that, everything we could need in a hotel is met, the cleanliness is good and the food is ok. General cleanliness: The toilets in the lobby were in a terrible state - also dirty and unacceptable. The cleanliness of the rooms was quite poor; Incomplete towels were provided every day, there was hair on the floor and sand built up in the shower. Yorum: To explain in detail, it was a hotel that really exceeded our expectations, the rooms were very nice and there was a washing machine in the rooms to hang the laundry every day Renewed and filled, it was really good in terms of cleanliness, there was so much in the food section kinds for breakfast and dinner a great selection, all kinds of snacks, desserts and drinks you can eat and drink 24/7, unlimited As for the pool area, the only thing that bothered us was the excess chlorine in the pool, that's why I got sick and mine. My wife was injured there and there were accidents that required first aid the service is unlimited and was very good in terms of cleanliness as I said it is a hotel we would choose again. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. As for the rooms they were very good in terms of cleanliness but the balcony door was very difficult to open and close I asked for help and they immediately directed someone to take care of it but we had the same problem again. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. The hotel's location, cleanliness and food are excellent. The cleanliness of the room is good, the environment is clean and the landscaping is nice. Feryatova for the cleanliness of our rooms, then Ms. Cleanliness is number 10. In total; I came to this hotel for the first time this year and we will choose this hotel in the coming years and among my reasons for choosing it; 1-the perfection of the hotel room and the availability of a washing machine 2-the cleanliness and tranquility of the sea beach 3-delicious food 4-the presence of a separate mosque. Cleanliness is 0, food is reheated and served in front of us, two of my kids had food poisoning! The cleanliness of the rooms and the cleanliness of the restaurants were very good the food this year had a lot of variety but it was not the taste this year it was very average very good but they need to renew next year but the same things can be boring last year and the same this year. Yorum: * We stayed in a family room, the rooms are spacious * Cleanliness is good. Don't take credit for the good things in terms of cleanliness and food, especially Cherry sister's handmade pancake was great. We were very satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel, the size of the rooms, the food, the animation, the beaches and the friendliness, interest and concern. The cleanliness of the rooms, the friendliness of the staff, the variety and taste of the food and drinks were excellent. It is a hotel we will choose again because we are satisfied with its food and drink, hospitality, cleanliness, organization, pool and entertainment and many other aspects. We had no problems with cleanliness, there was plenty of food, but the same soups and mousse desserts need to be changed every day. **Cleanliness:** Even in the area of ​​cleanliness there is room for improvement. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. In addition, on 06/22/2024 she was warned very badly by the maid at the ladies' pool, despite her initial statement that it was not hygienic, because before leaving the pool, mom drank the water we brought in the pool, because her heart was constricted, so it was the last, who talked about hygiene. on the day of the holiday, the cleaning that I wanted in the room was definitely not done, the garbage bags were changed, in addition, the hygiene and cleaning of the room, the bed, the toilet, the bathroom and other areas in the room were not provided. The pools are dirty and have poor hygiene. For example, the in-room bar was not always stocked and was not cleaned well. The lady who showed us to the room gave us the room with the tone "You'll still use it before going to bed, even if you don't have a clear view." We were not satisfied with the cleanliness of the room. It was our first experience, but the hotel was terrible, especially in terms of cleanliness. -Cleaning is not a problem, the towel service is very good, but some towels were dirty, we used our own towels and the staff who cleaned the rooms were dedicated. There is absolutely no emphasis on cleanliness on the beach. Cleaning: The restaurant and other areas were not dirty, but the daily cleaning of the rooms was insufficient. They do the daily cleaning without touching the toilet and bathroom, even though those should be the first places to be cleaned. More importantly, on our last days there were no towels placed in our rooms, when I asked the staff they couldn't help me saying they didn't have clean towels either. Our rooms were clean but there was a serious cleaning problem in the common areas. It has daily room cleaning and towel change, a room that smells clean and hygienic and comfortable beds, it has a very large balcony and a mini bar full of drinks and sweet treats What we liked most about this hotel we stayed for 6 nights and 7 days, is that you have a comfortable vacation All the staff tried to help you. Our room was large, clean and air-conditioned. But the beach was clean, stone-free and beautiful. The cleanliness of the rooms was not good at all, I had to say that the sheets were not changed regularly, so they changed them. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The hotel is clean, there is nothing disturbing, the rooms are cleaned every day, the rooms are very nice and spacious (at least the room I stayed in was like that) there is central air conditioning, it works well and the room is ice Cold. The bathroom has everything from shampoo, hair conditioner, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste, cleaning kit, sewing needle and thread. Feryat who was responsible for cleaning our room asked us every time she saw us if we had any requests even though our room was not cleaned. The next day, the nurse specially called my son and again cleaned his wounds and bandaged his finger. The cleanliness of the rooms was good, they were cleaned every day and the sheets were changed without us saying it. It was cleaned and sheets were changed every day. The sheets, which were only changed once, seemed not very clean. The overall cleanliness of the hotel was also good, including the restaurant area and other areas, but I hope the hotel management will see this. Shared toilets need to be cleaned more often, I used them twice and they were not clean. It looks pretty clean. I would also like to thank my brother Hamdullah, one of the cleaning workers. If these cats continue to stay at the hotel, they can be vaccinated and cleaned and their names can be written on their necks. desserts snack bar cafe cleaning service. Women touching each other inappropriately in public spaces: İNCİ in the SPA and ELIF the cleaner in the women's pool. He is very nice, cleans the tables, cleans the bar. The cutlery is dirty, the tables are hardly cleaned at all, when you put your hand on the table, the leftovers of the previous day's food stick to your hand and it is really hard to find a clean plate. The rooms are cleaned, but if something needs to be thrown away or the linen changed, it is not done, you have to say it (yourself) every day. The hotel is generally not clean. The rooms, although clean, were not what I expected from a 5 star hotel. **Cleanliness**: The cleanliness of the room was insufficient. The bathroom also lacked cleanliness and had lime residue. Rooms are cleaned daily. The toilets in the hotel are always clean, but the toilet seats in the women's toilet by the sea need to be replaced. The rooms are clean and tidy. Ayse was very nice, always considerate of us and always wanted to clean our rooms. When our room was cleaned it was very clean afterwards and looked like a brand new room. 🔹️This is a 5-star hotel, but I think a little more attention should be paid to cleanliness and order, as a result, we were satisfied as a family and I would like to come again to be better. Kadriya Uzun, who is responsible for cleaning the rooms in A Block, 7. Daily room cleaning was impeccable. Other than that, everything we could need in a hotel is met, the cleanliness is good and the food is ok. If we were to list our favorite points item by item: 1- The rooms are very spacious, the air conditioning is sufficient, the cleaning is done often, the deficiencies are quickly fixed whenever we want. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. Also the beach toilets were clean every time I went in. It is a clean hotel, our room was cleaned daily. Housekeeping: Rooms were extremely dirty even after daily cleaning. Even at my cousins ​​request, cleaning was not always done and was ignored. General cleanliness: The toilets in the lobby were in a terrible state - also dirty and unacceptable. The sea was very beautiful and clean, I didn't see any algae. ❗ Room cleaning was average. Bed linen is changed every 2 days, but room cleaning can be done whenever you want. Our findings: Room, room; We had a junior family suite, a clean and very spacious room with a large balcony. The washing machine in the bathroom was very useful for me, every day I washed some laundry, which dried quickly on the balcony and everything went home clean. The cleaning lady was downright hostile. Yorum: First of all, this is the hotel we came to for the first time and after reading the positive and negative comments, we change the towels daily, renew the minibar daily, the room is cleaned every 2 days, we had no problem with the cleaning. Finally, attention should be paid to the cleaning of the rooms. The welcome was not good, the room was clean and ready, it was nice. Heybet, who is in charge of cleaning the rooms, we were delighted every morning with her smiling face and openness to communication. The cleanliness of the rooms was quite poor; Incomplete towels were provided every day, there was hair on the floor and sand built up in the shower. Yorum: To explain in detail, it was a hotel that really exceeded our expectations, the rooms were very nice and there was a washing machine in the rooms to hang the laundry every day Renewed and filled, it was really good in terms of cleanliness, there was so much in the food section kinds for breakfast and dinner a great selection, all kinds of snacks, desserts and drinks you can eat and drink 24/7, unlimited As for the pool area, the only thing that bothered us was the excess chlorine in the pool, that's why I got sick and mine. My wife was injured there and there were accidents that required first aid the service is unlimited and was very good in terms of cleanliness as I said it is a hotel we would choose again. 3 - The room and hotel were generally clean and the staff were adequate and friendly. - Rooms were cleaned every day and clean towels were left and daily drinks were placed in the rooms. Also, when I was sleeping in my room in the morning, a male cleaner entered my room and suddenly closed the door (I definitely didn't have the light on!) We thought it was ridiculous that we had to eat the patisserie's desserts in front of the patisserie. The kitchen, the food is excellent, the staff is nice, the cleaning of the room is very good, thanks to Mr. The cleaner (I don't know her name but 🥲) Ms. The hotel rooms were spacious, clean and very comfortable. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. First of all, the lady who cleans the rooms in the blog does her job very well, the rooms were spotless and the animation team was fun. I think it is very shameful to wait for the cleaners to collect broken glass. Your food, room cleaning and friendly staff were very valuable to us. The rooms are thoroughly cleaned. The pools are clean. - Rooms are cleaned daily. The food and drink is clean and the lobby has a large seating area. + The cleaning of the room is very good We would like to thank once again the housekeeper in block A, Mrs. The cleaning is also average, you will find flies, insects, lizards and food crumbs everywhere. The rooms are clean and do not look old. As for the rooms they were very good in terms of cleanliness but the balcony door was very difficult to open and close I asked for help and they immediately directed someone to take care of it but we had the same problem again. Compared to our first visit, the rooms were tidier, cleaner and more spacious. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. The meat dishes are very tasty, maybe there could be nuts, especially the evening cleaning of the room, the towels are renewed every day. The service staff is very dedicated and friendly, the rooms are clean and beautiful, new and even the first room we got was very dark and closed and they need to try the desserts, they always serve the same, they are insufficient and tasteless. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. The rooms are clean, the communal pools are very nice because aunties can't enter :) The activities are nice and sufficient. Yorum: I really liked the modern hotel Palaces, everyone was very attentive, they were friendly, warm, from the breakfast to the rest rooms, everything was perfect, after breakfast and leaving for the sea, our room was routinely cleaned every day and the missing things were replaced, shampoos , shower gel, etc. The food was disappointing and the rooms were less than pleasant The rooms were clean but not what I expected from a 5 star hotel. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? on the day of the holiday, the cleaning that I wanted in the room was definitely not done, the garbage bags were changed, in addition, the hygiene and cleaning of the room, the bed, the toilet, the bathroom and other areas in the room were not provided. The rooms are clean and safe. My room was spotlessly clean and met my every need. Yorum: Hi Ladies' beach was beautiful, you can go there and back by bus, the rooms are cleaned every day, I recommend Ms. The hotel's location, cleanliness and food are excellent. The daily cleaning of the room is carried out sparingly, but it is sufficient. Yorum: Our first entry to the hotel was welcome, the lady at the reception greeted us with a smile, the hotel environment, our family room, was clean, the food was average, the beach and sea clean and protected, the drinks were excellent, the mini bar was replenished every day , thanks to the family of modern palaces for Herzegovina, we will choose it again. The cleanliness of the room is good, the environment is clean and the landscaping is nice. The hotel was very clean and the staff worked hard to keep it clean. Ferye for the satisfactory cleaning of the room. BUNGALOWS: It was clean, it was nice to have a washing machine and a dishwasher. (-)Unfortunately, the biggest mistake was that the cleaning service did not visit for 4 days. SEA: The beach reserved for women was much more beautiful than the beach reserved for men and families :) it was clean, covered and the border in the sea was well guarded. The sinks were as clean as I've seen in any hotel / caravan site. They cleaned every minute. Yorum: We come every year and we left happy, the pancake was delicious, the desserts are fresh, the hotel is very clean, the pools are useful, the snack bar is always fresh and delicious, thank you to all the hotel staff, thank you to Mrs. Comment: The rooms are clean and suitable for a family. Mixed pools are used by fewer people and are cleaner. The sea is clean and without waves, so it is very suitable for small children. Feryatova for the cleanliness of our rooms, then Ms. the prices of the islamic hotels that i have experienced before and was satisfied with were very high, while the modern palaces were half the price, i chose this place because the hotel was very crowded, the dedication of the staff was actually obvious, but you could also see that that they were not satisfied, I just suggest that the management should adopt approaches that will motivate their employees Cleaning products left in the rooms Faucets and lamps with photocells that do not go off should also be technically good the women's beach should be cleaned of stones and on the page should there should have been a warning about rocks. We were satisfied with all the activities in the hotel, room cleaning, food, breakfast and the restaurant on the beach. Cleanliness is number 10. In total; I came to this hotel for the first time this year and we will choose this hotel in the coming years and among my reasons for choosing it; 1-the perfection of the hotel room and the availability of a washing machine 2-the cleanliness and tranquility of the sea beach 3-delicious food 4-the presence of a separate mosque. you had to wait for fresh beach towels every day and you only got them when the rooms were "cleaned", I was on holiday alone with my 1.5 year old daughter and had to empty the lift myself (which it was). Pool cleaning was good. The hotel was clean, including the pools. Cleanliness is 0, food is reheated and served in front of us, two of my kids had food poisoning! The cleanliness of the rooms and the cleanliness of the restaurants were very good the food this year had a lot of variety but it was not the taste this year it was very average very good but they need to renew next year but the same things can be boring last year and the same this year. Yorum: * We stayed in a family room, the rooms are spacious * Cleanliness is good. Rooms were cleaned and towels changed every day. The staff is very nice and the rooms are very clean! The rooms were never properly cleaned but the cleaners insisted on giving them a good rating. Many guests complained, cleaners were sent again, but nothing really changed. Don't take credit for the good things in terms of cleanliness and food, especially Cherry sister's handmade pancake was great. There was no problem with cleaning. We were very satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel, the size of the rooms, the food, the animation, the beaches and the friendliness, interest and concern. Fatma who was in charge of cleaning on the ladies beach who cleaned and cleaned everywhere without stopping, Mr. The cleanliness of the rooms, the friendliness of the staff, the variety and taste of the food and drinks were excellent. Food and drinks definitely deserve fresh and very nice Rooms are cleaned every day. All personal cleaning products are very spacious there were no boycott products, the pools are very clean, the women's pool is very nice, the towels in the rooms are very nice, the towels in the rooms are changed every day, my sister Mari and Meryem who clean the rooms, thank you very very, the activities are amazing, the female matinee animator, Esra, 👏 I suggest you to go there, we were very satisfied, the only problem is that the sea is 5 minutes from the hotel, the shuttle service is available every minute in front of the hotel thank you for everything see you next year if i can my rating is 5+5👏👏 149. It is a hotel we will choose again because we are satisfied with its food and drink, hospitality, cleanliness, organization, pool and entertainment and many other aspects. From the cleaners to the bartenders and waiters, everyone works with great enthusiasm and is very polite. The rooms are clean, the furniture is not too old. We had no problems with cleanliness, there was plenty of food, but the same soups and mousse desserts need to be changed every day. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. The hotel was very clean. Women are very particular about wearing a swimming cap in the pool, so the pools are spotlessly clean. The rooms were great and clean, the staff were always available and the health care at the hotel clinic was great. I was not very pleased with the cleaning of the room and the mini bar, but I wasn't really looking for it :) It was also nice to have an activity in each area. The rooms were incredibly large and were cleaned very well every day. The rooms are very clean. I think it would be better if the hotel beach, which is very rocky, is cleaned and the area with sunbeds beautified and places like jumping into the sea are built. **Cleanliness:** Even in the area of ​​cleanliness there is room for improvement. Rooms and public areas were not thoroughly cleaned. In these hot days, we especially need to support the cooks, their assistants, waiters and technical staff in the restaurant and workers in the mini cafe - everything was tasty, clean and tidy. The rooms are very tidy, clean and spacious. - The rooms are thoroughly cleaned every time, thank you for that.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 7.5
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 170
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: We lived as a family between 1. Positive aspects; The rooms are spacious and comfortable, housekeeping is good, we stayed in the family room and were very comfortable. My family and I sat down, we thought we should buy something from the sweet shop, so I went to buy something on their behalf. I ordered 3-4 pieces of something if you want someone from your family should come and buy the rest act like I eat it all myself if I want I can eat it myself. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? Yorum: We stayed in the hotel as a family of 5 between 16-21. Our room was a lovely family suite with a 1+1 kitchen and it was able to meet all our needs from washing machine to oven to dishwasher. The day we checked into the hotel after the kids, my wife and I stayed in the room for 3 days with vomiting and diarrhea is not a condition that can be known in advance, he keeps telling me that I need to be notified 1 month in advance We slept in the room as a family with vomiting, diarrhea and fever for 3 days the last 2 days and we were miserable My experience in 2 days is that the animation team is very attentive and doing what they can, but the hotel is not maintained, there are crumbs everywhere, the furniture is very bad Condition last night it was rotten and fell apart. The family part is very small, 50 meters from the sea, but the owners of the hotel need to urgently take care of the hotel. The children also had fun in the family pool. In short, I would like to thank the entire MODERN PALACE FAMILY. First of all, I wanted to mention that my family and I have been riding for 4 years in a row and we really enjoy it. We couldn't even enjoy the beach, there is an area called the men's side surrounded by huge rocks, there is no such thing, 90 percent of the part they reserved is rock, and when there are some waves, all the men come to the family beach because they can't swim there, it's a complete fiasco. We stayed for four nights as a family. Yorum: We spent a great week (6 days) with family. Before we went, we took photos as a family and made an album. The atmosphere of the hotel is pleasant, you feel like you are in a family atmosphere. Yorum: Hello, we were in the hotel as a family for the first time and we had a really nice 5 days. Gözde at the reception gave us a family room because the standard room was too small. I learned from talking to the guests that I was scammed and I believe the family atmosphere. Greetings Özbay Family 41. A really conservative family hotel. Comment: We are coming to Modern Palaces for the fifth time as a family. Thank you very much to the Modern Palaces family for this wonderful holiday. Yorum: We have been going to this hotel as a big family for 7 years and we can say that it is the place where we feel the most comfortable after our own home. 🔹️This is a 5-star hotel, but I think a little more attention should be paid to cleanliness and order, as a result, we were satisfied as a family and I would like to come again to be better. We had a quiet family holiday for 5 nights, my thoughts on the hotel haven't changed much, I'll leave my old comment below, you can read it from there. Thank you Modern Palaces, see you next summer 🙋 I stayed with my family for 6 nights. We would like to thank the Modern Palaces family for this lovely holiday. Overall, we had a nice stay with our family. The family restaurant on the beach was ok but the trees and plants were already half dried and not really taken care of. Our findings: Room, room; We had a junior family suite, a clean and very spacious room with a large balcony. It's a shame that everything is so small, but the family beach has a lot of space and much more facilities. The women's beach is stone, the family beach is sandy. It was an experience for us where every day was packed, there were lots of activities and events and we could have fun as a family in different areas. Comment: We came for a family vacation with check-in at 14.09 and check-out at 19.09. We enjoyed it, we hope to go again next year, we hope you and your family will go in peace. Comment: Dear Modern Palace Family, I have come to your hotel 4 times. As my family we were happy We will come again if the prices are reasonable. 4- It can be said that the hotel is generally family-run. It is a great hotel for those who want to relax and spend time with family. Another problem is that the number of sunbeds in the hotel is really low, when I went for breakfast in the morning, every sunbed was full of towels, especially in the family pool. It is an ideal hotel for those who want to both relax and spend pleasant time with their family. Yorum: We stayed as a family and left with a pleasant holiday experience. Yorum: Dear family of modern palaces; First of all we would like to thank you for your sincere and warm welcome, your hospitality made us feel at home during our family vacation. Yorum: Nice, spacious rooms, we had a family suite, hence 4 stars. Women-only and mixed pools and beaches offer a more family-friendly vacation. Yorum: We leave this hotel very satisfied where we had a 1 week family holiday between 11. We left the hotel happy as a family. + There are two separate parts of the hotel's family beach and women's beach on the beach. One of the most disturbing things about the hotel is that it is a family hotel, the marketing of the Islamic concept is actually things that are constantly against Islam, for example, concert sounds coming into your bedroom all night, Disco sounds not stopping for hours, it is very sad, that people come to relax and how many people don't want to stay there because they are so-called Islamic Choose this place as a place... Yorum: We spent our vacation here with our family for the second time. There is a ladies beach, indoor and outdoor pools and communal family pools. Gül in the restaurant We spent 3 days in a family atmosphere. Thank you to the modern palace family. Yorum: We stayed in a family suite. Yorum: Our first entry to the hotel was welcome, the lady at the reception greeted us with a smile, the hotel environment, our family room, was clean, the food was average, the beach and sea clean and protected, the drinks were excellent, the mini bar was replenished every day , thanks to the family of modern palaces for Herzegovina, we will choose it again. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). Rüzgar in Public Relations, and the gentleman who makes pita bread at the family beach. God willing, we would like to go again next year with my big family. Yorum: Hello, we stayed in your hotel for 6 nights as a family of 4. The mini disco and the animation team were great, the whole family had fun and we had unforgettable evenings. Thanks to the entire Modern Palaces family. We had a week holiday as a family in this hotel where hundreds of staff provide dedicated and friendly service. Comment: The rooms are clean and suitable for a family. Before that, my family and I stayed twice in different years in modern palaces. I would also like to thank the DJ who cheered us up by playing beautiful songs at the family pool. Yorum: I first came to Modern Palaces with my family in 2017. I thought the family beach was nice. Yorum: * We stayed in a family room, the rooms are spacious * Cleanliness is good. There is also a women's beach * There are 2 outdoor pools in the form of family pools and 1 outdoor pool for women. Yorum: If your family isn't veiled, I definitely don't recommend going. Gültekin family 146. There was a tiny wardrobe in the family room for 3 people and we had to constantly take clothes out of the suitcase. Yorum: We are a family of 2. Rüzgarová in particular welcomed us very warmly last year and this year she welcomed us with the same family warmth, thank you very much. We went swimming at the family beach. Cankat the tourist manager Ahmet and many other members of the modern palace family whose names I call family because you feel like you are a family guest. Thank you Modern Saraylar family.. The hotel has a family atmosphere with the staff I would especially like to thank Ms. Thank you modern palace family 160. It is a hotel that I can definitely recommend and thank you even more to the Modern Palaces family. The day we checked into the hotel after the kids, my wife and I stayed in the room for 3 days with vomiting and diarrhea is not a condition that can be known in advance, he keeps telling me that I need to be notified 1 month in advance We slept in the room as a family with vomiting, diarrhea and fever for 3 days the last 2 days and we were miserable My experience in 2 days is that the animation team is very attentive and doing what they can, but the hotel is not maintained, there are crumbs everywhere, the furniture is very bad Condition last night it was rotten and fell apart. Every evening was packed with activities for the kids. What you gave as ice cream was a cheap icy thing, even kids wouldn't eat it. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. The slides were fun for my kids and we enjoyed swimming as they did events like bubbles and playing games. We left very happy, the last time there was a paid play area for kids which is very annoying, you have to buy a token to run it with it and the mini amusement park was not open every day, luckily it was open on Friday night, the amusement park is free but I think that it should be open every evening at certain hours. Cleanliness is 0, food is reheated and served in front of us, two of my kids had food poisoning! Thanks to you, my kids always have fun things to do in the playroom. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? The children also had fun in the family pool. Another problem is that the number of sunbeds in the hotel is really low, when I went for breakfast in the morning, every sunbed was full of towels, especially in the family pool. There is a ladies beach, indoor and outdoor pools and communal family pools. I would also like to thank the DJ who cheered us up by playing beautiful songs at the family pool. There is also a women's beach * There are 2 outdoor pools in the form of family pools and 1 outdoor pool for women. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. On the very first day, when the children asked me for the room key, they said they would go to the house and come. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? The children's pool was also used by older children, so guests should be aware of that. Colorful animations every evening, a playground where children can play safely, great live music every evening, refreshments and many other activities. However, the water in the children's pool was cold. The children also had fun in the family pool. Evening entertainment is generally not bad for children. There is a shuttle to the sea, the 10 minute time is not important, but the ancient shuttles were very difficult with children and things in their hands. My 5-year-old daughter could not enter the women's pool, why could not children She is not in diapers, I do not understand why a huge child cannot enter and the water in the pool did not freeze possible for anyone who enters to swim for a long time. Every evening there are different activities for children and adults. Other evenings there was something for children, but it didn't appeal to us. There are 4 pools in the hotel, one of which is reserved for women, the other is for children and there is an aqua pool, the other 2 of these pools are mixed and one of them has aqua water. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. For children, it may be more convenient to open and close this section late, for example at 21.00-22.00. However, the evening entertainment for children is very insufficient, every day is the same dance, there is no extra show, etc. Also, the amusement park for children is almost not working. The hotel has a mixed water park, a children's water park, a communal pool and a women's pool. The mixed water park and the children's water park are located next to each other. Thank you very much to the lady there, she took care of all the children one by one. We went with 3 adults and 2 children. Only the location of the sea made it a little tiring because we were with children. On the very first day, when the children asked me for the room key, they said they would go to the house and come. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. My main concern was that we would see ice cream in Perception and it would be eaten by children, but Kahramanmaraş had a local brand. Also, the activities and games they organized for the children were also very nice. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. They are all bright children. It is really interesting that gentlemen who come to a hotel with a conservative concept pull their shorts up to their crotch and lie on the beach next to their children. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. Also dangerous for children or the elderly. There were two mixed pools, 2 pools for women, one indoor, one open and one for men, there were many options, the children's pool was already very nice, it is not a walk to the sea, but it is half way there, the Denizli shuttle was very rocky and stony . Yorum: BEWARE OF CHILDREN, ESPECIALLY THE BALCONIES ARE A LOT OPEN, PUT ON YOUR HEAD, ESPECIALLY THOSE WHO HAVE CHILDREN A FEW YEARS OLD. The only downside is that if a normal park were placed instead of an amusement park, the children would spend more time there. The broken pieces of glass from the sliding bathroom door in front of the fire exit were not picked up by the children for 2 days despite our warning! The beach is not sandy, the bottom part is stony, especially children should wear slippers. It's really nice for families with children and you don't have to create mountains of laundry. -We look forward to competitions and activities for children. There is animation in the pools and there are staff to check the children. Yorum: We chose modern palaces for 1 week, it is definitely a place you should choose for children. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. Aqua entertainment for children and other services caught my attention. This year, although the entertainment was top notch, we didn't find it fun due to the age of the people and the large number of children. The density of Arab customers is really high and the excessive noise of children in the areas of the pool, lobby and restaurant hurt us a lot. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). However, the mixed children's pool is only heated in the evening, which is a big minus for us. The options for evening entertainment for children are quite wide. The animation could have been a little more aimed at children. The sea is clean and without waves, so it is very suitable for small children. The fact that the mini amusement park reserved for children was only open for 2 hours a day (5-7pm) and half of it was not working disappointed our children. Every day there was good entertainment, programs for children and a ladies' matinee for the ladies. We and our children were very pleased that there was no extra charge for food, drink or cultural activities. I definitely recommend it for families with children. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. * There is an amusement park for children, open for 1 hour a day. The animation team is pleasant for children 141. There are still events for children and adults, you won't be bored, but the repertoire of friends who organize music seems to be quite limited. Rüzgar who showed interest and care for the children and was responsible for customer service, a personal problem she solved it immediately.. Our children did not leave the children's pool. In addition, the most important issue that needs to be improved is the children's pool. You have built a very nice children's pool. Our children could not enter this pool even once. The programs prepared for children in the evenings were nice. Very nice hotel for conservative families with children. Özer who knows very well how to entertain our children during the day and evening, Ms. The water park is very pleasant for children. Özer and his team do such a successful job here that we never missed the programs and we had a lot of fun as children and adults. Ozer's sincerity with the children and his interest in each of them gave the children incredible moments. I almost forgot the barista Sabiha from “Sultan Cafe” - the kindest, the most brilliant, knows how to approach every guest, adults and children, and has the most delicious cappuccino. The assistant general manager of the hotel may walk up to you in front of your children and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. -Yassine, who is in the children's playroom...

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 7.8
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 154
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: We lived as a family between 1. Positive aspects; The rooms are spacious and comfortable, housekeeping is good, we stayed in the family room and were very comfortable. My family and I sat down, we thought we should buy something from the sweet shop, so I went to buy something on their behalf. I ordered 3-4 pieces of something if you want someone from your family should come and buy the rest act like I eat it all myself if I want I can eat it myself. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? Yorum: We stayed in the hotel as a family of 5 between 16-21. Our room was a lovely family suite with a 1+1 kitchen and it was able to meet all our needs from washing machine to oven to dishwasher. The day we checked into the hotel after the kids, my wife and I stayed in the room for 3 days with vomiting and diarrhea is not a condition that can be known in advance, he keeps telling me that I need to be notified 1 month in advance We slept in the room as a family with vomiting, diarrhea and fever for 3 days the last 2 days and we were miserable My experience in 2 days is that the animation team is very attentive and doing what they can, but the hotel is not maintained, there are crumbs everywhere, the furniture is very bad Condition last night it was rotten and fell apart. The family part is very small, 50 meters from the sea, but the owners of the hotel need to urgently take care of the hotel. The children also had fun in the family pool. In short, I would like to thank the entire MODERN PALACE FAMILY. First of all, I wanted to mention that my family and I have been riding for 4 years in a row and we really enjoy it. We couldn't even enjoy the beach, there is an area called the men's side surrounded by huge rocks, there is no such thing, 90 percent of the part they reserved is rock, and when there are some waves, all the men come to the family beach because they can't swim there, it's a complete fiasco. We stayed for four nights as a family. Yorum: We spent a great week (6 days) with family. Before we went, we took photos as a family and made an album. The atmosphere of the hotel is pleasant, you feel like you are in a family atmosphere. Yorum: Hello, we were in the hotel as a family for the first time and we had a really nice 5 days. Gözde at the reception gave us a family room because the standard room was too small. I learned from talking to the guests that I was scammed and I believe the family atmosphere. Greetings Özbay Family 41. A really conservative family hotel. Comment: We are coming to Modern Palaces for the fifth time as a family. Thank you very much to the Modern Palaces family for this wonderful holiday. Yorum: We have been going to this hotel as a big family for 7 years and we can say that it is the place where we feel the most comfortable after our own home. 🔹️This is a 5-star hotel, but I think a little more attention should be paid to cleanliness and order, as a result, we were satisfied as a family and I would like to come again to be better. We had a quiet family holiday for 5 nights, my thoughts on the hotel haven't changed much, I'll leave my old comment below, you can read it from there. Thank you Modern Palaces, see you next summer 🙋 I stayed with my family for 6 nights. We would like to thank the Modern Palaces family for this lovely holiday. Overall, we had a nice stay with our family. The family restaurant on the beach was ok but the trees and plants were already half dried and not really taken care of. Our findings: Room, room; We had a junior family suite, a clean and very spacious room with a large balcony. It's a shame that everything is so small, but the family beach has a lot of space and much more facilities. The women's beach is stone, the family beach is sandy. It was an experience for us where every day was packed, there were lots of activities and events and we could have fun as a family in different areas. Comment: We came for a family vacation with check-in at 14.09 and check-out at 19.09. We enjoyed it, we hope to go again next year, we hope you and your family will go in peace. Comment: Dear Modern Palace Family, I have come to your hotel 4 times. As my family we were happy We will come again if the prices are reasonable. 4- It can be said that the hotel is generally family-run. It is a great hotel for those who want to relax and spend time with family. Another problem is that the number of sunbeds in the hotel is really low, when I went for breakfast in the morning, every sunbed was full of towels, especially in the family pool. It is an ideal hotel for those who want to both relax and spend pleasant time with their family. Yorum: We stayed as a family and left with a pleasant holiday experience. Yorum: Dear family of modern palaces; First of all we would like to thank you for your sincere and warm welcome, your hospitality made us feel at home during our family vacation. Yorum: Nice, spacious rooms, we had a family suite, hence 4 stars. Women-only and mixed pools and beaches offer a more family-friendly vacation. Yorum: We leave this hotel very satisfied where we had a 1 week family holiday between 11. We left the hotel happy as a family. + There are two separate parts of the hotel's family beach and women's beach on the beach. One of the most disturbing things about the hotel is that it is a family hotel, the marketing of the Islamic concept is actually things that are constantly against Islam, for example, concert sounds coming into your bedroom all night, Disco sounds not stopping for hours, it is very sad, that people come to relax and how many people don't want to stay there because they are so-called Islamic Choose this place as a place... Yorum: We spent our vacation here with our family for the second time. There is a ladies beach, indoor and outdoor pools and communal family pools. Gül in the restaurant We spent 3 days in a family atmosphere. Thank you to the modern palace family. Yorum: We stayed in a family suite. Yorum: Our first entry to the hotel was welcome, the lady at the reception greeted us with a smile, the hotel environment, our family room, was clean, the food was average, the beach and sea clean and protected, the drinks were excellent, the mini bar was replenished every day , thanks to the family of modern palaces for Herzegovina, we will choose it again. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). Rüzgar in Public Relations, and the gentleman who makes pita bread at the family beach. God willing, we would like to go again next year with my big family. Yorum: Hello, we stayed in your hotel for 6 nights as a family of 4. The mini disco and the animation team were great, the whole family had fun and we had unforgettable evenings. Thanks to the entire Modern Palaces family. We had a week holiday as a family in this hotel where hundreds of staff provide dedicated and friendly service. Comment: The rooms are clean and suitable for a family. Before that, my family and I stayed twice in different years in modern palaces. I would also like to thank the DJ who cheered us up by playing beautiful songs at the family pool. Yorum: I first came to Modern Palaces with my family in 2017. I thought the family beach was nice. Yorum: * We stayed in a family room, the rooms are spacious * Cleanliness is good. There is also a women's beach * There are 2 outdoor pools in the form of family pools and 1 outdoor pool for women. Yorum: If your family isn't veiled, I definitely don't recommend going. Gültekin family 146. There was a tiny wardrobe in the family room for 3 people and we had to constantly take clothes out of the suitcase. Yorum: We are a family of 2. Rüzgarová in particular welcomed us very warmly last year and this year she welcomed us with the same family warmth, thank you very much. We went swimming at the family beach. Cankat the tourist manager Ahmet and many other members of the modern palace family whose names I call family because you feel like you are a family guest. Thank you Modern Saraylar family.. The hotel has a family atmosphere with the staff I would especially like to thank Ms. Thank you modern palace family 160. It is a hotel that I can definitely recommend and thank you even more to the Modern Palaces family. Especially if you're confused about the baby and think it's too soon, let's take care of ourselves, travel around, etc., you'll have a better understanding of why you say it's too soon for a baby. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. On the very first day, when the children asked me for the room key, they said they would go to the house and come. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? The children's pool was also used by older children, so guests should be aware of that. Colorful animations every evening, a playground where children can play safely, great live music every evening, refreshments and many other activities. However, the water in the children's pool was cold. The children also had fun in the family pool. Evening entertainment is generally not bad for children. There is a shuttle to the sea, the 10 minute time is not important, but the ancient shuttles were very difficult with children and things in their hands. My 5-year-old daughter could not enter the women's pool, why could not children She is not in diapers, I do not understand why a huge child cannot enter and the water in the pool did not freeze possible for anyone who enters to swim for a long time. Every evening there are different activities for children and adults. Other evenings there was something for children, but it didn't appeal to us. There are 4 pools in the hotel, one of which is reserved for women, the other is for children and there is an aqua pool, the other 2 of these pools are mixed and one of them has aqua water. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. For children, it may be more convenient to open and close this section late, for example at 21.00-22.00. However, the evening entertainment for children is very insufficient, every day is the same dance, there is no extra show, etc. Also, the amusement park for children is almost not working. The hotel has a mixed water park, a children's water park, a communal pool and a women's pool. The mixed water park and the children's water park are located next to each other. Thank you very much to the lady there, she took care of all the children one by one. We went with 3 adults and 2 children. Only the location of the sea made it a little tiring because we were with children. On the very first day, when the children asked me for the room key, they said they would go to the house and come. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. My main concern was that we would see ice cream in Perception and it would be eaten by children, but Kahramanmaraş had a local brand. Also, the activities and games they organized for the children were also very nice. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. They are all bright children. It is really interesting that gentlemen who come to a hotel with a conservative concept pull their shorts up to their crotch and lie on the beach next to their children. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. Also dangerous for children or the elderly. There were two mixed pools, 2 pools for women, one indoor, one open and one for men, there were many options, the children's pool was already very nice, it is not a walk to the sea, but it is half way there, the Denizli shuttle was very rocky and stony . Yorum: BEWARE OF CHILDREN, ESPECIALLY THE BALCONIES ARE A LOT OPEN, PUT ON YOUR HEAD, ESPECIALLY THOSE WHO HAVE CHILDREN A FEW YEARS OLD. The only downside is that if a normal park were placed instead of an amusement park, the children would spend more time there. The broken pieces of glass from the sliding bathroom door in front of the fire exit were not picked up by the children for 2 days despite our warning! The beach is not sandy, the bottom part is stony, especially children should wear slippers. It's really nice for families with children and you don't have to create mountains of laundry. -We look forward to competitions and activities for children. There is animation in the pools and there are staff to check the children. Yorum: We chose modern palaces for 1 week, it is definitely a place you should choose for children. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. Aqua entertainment for children and other services caught my attention. This year, although the entertainment was top notch, we didn't find it fun due to the age of the people and the large number of children. The density of Arab customers is really high and the excessive noise of children in the areas of the pool, lobby and restaurant hurt us a lot. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). However, the mixed children's pool is only heated in the evening, which is a big minus for us. The options for evening entertainment for children are quite wide. The animation could have been a little more aimed at children. The sea is clean and without waves, so it is very suitable for small children. The fact that the mini amusement park reserved for children was only open for 2 hours a day (5-7pm) and half of it was not working disappointed our children. Every day there was good entertainment, programs for children and a ladies' matinee for the ladies. We and our children were very pleased that there was no extra charge for food, drink or cultural activities. I definitely recommend it for families with children. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. * There is an amusement park for children, open for 1 hour a day. The animation team is pleasant for children 141. There are still events for children and adults, you won't be bored, but the repertoire of friends who organize music seems to be quite limited. Rüzgar who showed interest and care for the children and was responsible for customer service, a personal problem she solved it immediately.. Our children did not leave the children's pool. In addition, the most important issue that needs to be improved is the children's pool. You have built a very nice children's pool. Our children could not enter this pool even once. The programs prepared for children in the evenings were nice. Very nice hotel for conservative families with children. Özer who knows very well how to entertain our children during the day and evening, Ms. The water park is very pleasant for children. Özer and his team do such a successful job here that we never missed the programs and we had a lot of fun as children and adults. Ozer's sincerity with the children and his interest in each of them gave the children incredible moments. I almost forgot the barista Sabiha from “Sultan Cafe” - the kindest, the most brilliant, knows how to approach every guest, adults and children, and has the most delicious cappuccino. The assistant general manager of the hotel may walk up to you in front of your children and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. -Yassine, who is in the children's playroom...

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 8.5
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 33
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The spa team itself was amazing, the staff were very friendly, thank you. I would especially like to thank everyone in the spa department, I had an incredibly good massage experience. Although the price of the hotel part of Başak Spa is a bit high, I was very satisfied with the massage. Women touching each other inappropriately in public spaces: İNCİ in the SPA and ELIF the cleaner in the women's pool. The SPA staff sit and eat right in front of you in the ladies pool and restaurant. The women from the SPA interfere in your conversation for no reason, I am especially not happy with Zehra at the SPA. Other amenities like the spa and fitness center were very nice and thoughtful. Başak SPA center was very nice, 100 points from me, I would like to thank Mrs. İnci who works in the women's section, I stopped there I recommend everyone who goes to the SPA center, don't come without visiting Mrs. We went with a group of 11 people, we all went to the SPA center, we were very satisfied, the staff took care of each of us individually, so we had great intimacy and good friendships in a week. I liked the ladies spa with hammam, steam room, sauna and salt chamber. We were also very pleased with the Başak Spa staff at the hotel. Although we were a wedding couple, we were more than happy with its conservative nature, evening activities, sea and pool options, and spa options that are chargeable. Only the WC and changing cabins in the Wellness Center require renovation. İnci in the massage department was amazing. The comfort I felt after the massage can't be described, you feel like you're in cotton, I'm glad I did it, it was truly legendary! I would especially like to thank everyone in the spa department, I had an incredibly good massage experience. I can say with peace of mind that I go for massages almost every month in the city where I live, it was really good. Although the price of the hotel part of Başak Spa is a bit high, I was very satisfied with the massage. Every time we visit, the short haired woman from the massage team gives a scolding answer when you ask something and treats the customers horribly. I liked the ladies spa with hammam, steam room, sauna and salt chamber. **Sauna:** The sauna was not functional during our five day stay, which was very disappointing as we were looking forward to this relaxation option. Individuals attending an event should not be confused with guests staying at a hotel for the purpose of relaxation. **Sauna:** The sauna was not functional during our five day stay, which was very disappointing as we were looking forward to this relaxation option. -After hitting a rock on the beach the medical services were very good and the medical department gave me first treatment. Positive aspects of the hotel + The staff took responsibility for the work and we did not receive any negative treatment. He is very rude to guests, there is such a thing as applause, when applause is not enough, it is completely free, if you put your hands together, or if he says that if I do 1, the table on the right will clap if I do 2, if I do 3, the table on the left will clap , and when the table to the right starts clapping without making a 1, he says "You can't count, is that an offensive move?" We pay a lot of money to this hotel for a limited number of days and the treatment we get in return is sad. Since I am a genetic engineer and working on a project in the field of women's health, I made my presentation with a very comfortable background. The rooms were great and clean, the staff were always available and the health care at the hotel clinic was great. I liked the ladies spa with hammam, steam room, sauna and salt chamber. The indoor pool and hammam are a separate relaxing experience with courteous staff. There was black moss-like stuff on the floor of the steam room, I wish a little more attention had been paid to these details. I liked the ladies spa with hammam, steam room, sauna and salt chamber.

Rating for Party Experience: 8.7
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 24
All results text for Party Experience: Colorful animations every evening, a playground where children can play safely, great live music every evening, refreshments and many other activities. There was also live music for adults, a mega fighting game and a ladies' matinee. In terms of activity, the live music was 1 hour every 2 evenings and that was definitely not enough. I think events, live music etc. Even playing music stops at a certain time which is ridiculous. There was music and activities. ❗In the evening there is live music, an entertainment show or a ladies' matinee. I don't need loud music playing all day. Live music, Turkish night, animation team, games, concerts, etc. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. Our brother Ihsan in the live music section was amazing 👍👍 100. The live music was nice, we enjoyed it a lot. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). Music, zumba, sports services and races are organized on the beach. The live music was very good, but it would be better if this event was held in an amphitheater, not in a hookah cafe, because most of the time there is no place to sit. There are still events for children and adults, you won't be bored, but the repertoire of friends who organize music seems to be quite limited. They focus on their local music (East and South East) The beach is almost non existent so if you are going for the beach and the sea you may be disappointed. Also the pool music needs to be changed as it is very outdated and slow. Magic show, Turkish night, live music, etc. I would personally like to thank DJ Ali, who added joy to our joy with his activities on the beach, and the live music team. The air conditioning was centrally controlled, but adjustable for each room and therefore very pleasant. I would also like to thank the DJ who cheered us up by playing beautiful songs at the family pool. He ends up throwing the DJ into the pool, thank god we got to see him too (joke) 😂. I would personally like to thank DJ Ali, who added joy to our joy with his activities on the beach, and the live music team.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 8.9
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 17
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: It is surprising that there are no treats such as chips and snacks available at the evening shows and ceremonies for adults (they were available at many hotels I have visited in the past). I found the night events of the modern palaces very successful. In short, we really liked the night events. Colorful animations every evening, a playground where children can play safely, great live music every evening, refreshments and many other activities. There was also live music for adults, a mega fighting game and a ladies' matinee. In terms of activity, the live music was 1 hour every 2 evenings and that was definitely not enough. I think events, live music etc. ❗In the evening there is live music, an entertainment show or a ladies' matinee. Live music, Turkish night, animation team, games, concerts, etc. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. Our brother Ihsan in the live music section was amazing 👍👍 100. The live music was nice, we enjoyed it a lot. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). The live music was very good, but it would be better if this event was held in an amphitheater, not in a hookah cafe, because most of the time there is no place to sit. Magic show, Turkish night, live music, etc. I would personally like to thank DJ Ali, who added joy to our joy with his activities on the beach, and the live music team. There could also be some performances and stage shows for adults.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 4.9
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 12
All results text for Pet-Friendly: There are many cats in the restaurant. Many customers were disturbed by cats. If these cats continue to stay at the hotel, they can be vaccinated and cleaned and their names can be written on their necks. There are many cats in the hotel area, some are very careless and are left alone. ❗There are generally cats in the hotel. I didn't mind, but my friends who had a phobia of cats did. The snack bar is surrounded by cats, they're not the kind of cats you can call cute in a hotel, they're not the kind of cats you can call cute, you know, a street cat and one of them is attacking everyone out of instinct to protect her kittens and they attacked us too. The cats in the dining room were a problem throughout the holiday, there are excessive bees in the dining room, it's quite disturbing Be sure to try the Cherry abla in the pancakes and bagels section, it's amazing. For example, we didn't like the cats walking around the restaurant. Yorum: This hotel is very bad, the women's pool smells like eggs, the food is always the same and very bad, there are always cats wandering around while eating and the lifeguard stops and looks at me, I did not like it, I will not come to this hotel again. There may be cats in the restaurant which is outside. As my wife and I are animal lovers, it made us happy to see cats around.

Rating for Special Menu: 9.3
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 10
All results text for Special Menu: Since I'm a gluten-free vegetarian myself, I couldn't try many of their dishes, but my close friends enjoyed them. Since I'm a gluten-free vegetarian myself, I couldn't try many of their dishes, but my close friends enjoyed them. You can enjoy your meals with a lot of culinary specialties, open buffets that appeal to different tastes every day and every meal, and a very large indoor and outdoor restaurant without having to wait in line. The thing I don't like most about hotels is waiting in line, this hotel doesn't have that because there are so many types of main meals that you don't have to wait in line anywhere. Generally young people working (I think they are students) I think the meals, breakfast and snacks during the day were very varied and tasty. I generally enjoyed the pool, meals, snacks, full drinks and activities. The meals were very satisfying both in terms of taste and variety. Constant meat meals etc. Yorum: In short; The meals are varied and satisfying. The meals were tasteless and offered little variety.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 10.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 9
All results text for Children's Pool Area: The children's pool was also used by older children, so guests should be aware of that. However, the water in the children's pool was cold. There were two mixed pools, 2 pools for women, one indoor, one open and one for men, there were many options, the children's pool was already very nice, it is not a walk to the sea, but it is half way there, the Denizli shuttle was very rocky and stony . However, the mixed children's pool is only heated in the evening, which is a big minus for us. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. Our children did not leave the children's pool. In addition, the most important issue that needs to be improved is the children's pool. You have built a very nice children's pool. Women-only and mixed pools and beaches offer a more family-friendly vacation.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 9.1
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 8
All results text for Sports Facilities: The fitness room is a bit small. Other amenities like the spa and fitness center were very nice and thoughtful. Unfortunately, none of the equipment in the fitness room worked. He cannot use any hotel services (hotel restaurant, pool, gym, activities, etc.) Because we wanted to be in touch with nature and swim in the sea, we chose the bungolow, we are glad we did. Yorum: In which hotel does the gym open at 10? The pool is also closed as the gym and pool are in the same location. nice table tennis table. Only the WC and changing cabins in the Wellness Center require renovation.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 6.3
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 7
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: A blood stain was left on my mattress. There was no mattress protector or rubber sheets on the bed. Individuals attending an event should not be confused with guests staying at a hotel for the purpose of relaxation. **Sauna:** The sauna was not functional during our five day stay, which was very disappointing as we were looking forward to this relaxation option. This means lifeguards can help people when the sea is calm. The beach was calm and pleasant to relax. People also come to the event, there are so many of them, you can go to dinner in peace, but you can't stay calm, they attack everywhere.

Rating for Honeymoon: 8.0
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 6
All results text for Honeymoon: I wish I had seen this comment and not left, I regret it so much😣 This is the hotel I chose for my honeymoon and if I could get my money back the first moment I arrived I wouldn't want to stay one second I left o one night early because I couldn't resist. Positive: ❗The sea was great although it was far, there is a private beach for women and it is covered, giant rocks far in front prevent the waves from coming. A private beach for women in the forest and constant food and drink service created a comfort zone for women within Islam. What is sold as an Islamic concept is actually very far from Islamic rules, it is sad that the place for women is surrounded on all sides by extremely cheesy, tattered cheetah, whoever wants can watch from the constant cheetahs… Men are paragliding comfortably on the beach, without nerves, it is a private space reserved for women... My friends, who have driven 2000 km with their private vehicles every year since opening, better understand the value of this place. The private women's beach is our reason for preference, so I didn't pay much attention to the other features.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 7.3
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 2
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: Individuals attending an event should not be confused with guests staying at a hotel for the purpose of relaxation. **Sauna:** The sauna was not functional during our five day stay, which was very disappointing as we were looking forward to this relaxation option.

