Otel İsmi: Mukarnas Resort Spa Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Uzaktan Çalışma', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Dalış', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 8.8
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 249
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The staff speaks Polish without any problems. The service, food and room were all good, but the staff could speak a little more English. All the staff are amazing from Valentina, Simi, Farouk, Barouk, Khaldoun, Ahmed, Mateen, Ali to name a few. We really loved it and I would like to thank all the staff. All the staff are friendly. It is a beautiful, well maintained hotel with lovely staff who are like a big family. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are big and spacious enough and the housekeeping staff were very helpful. All the staff are professional and treat guests very well. The rooms are luxurious and the housekeeping staff is very efficient. Yorum: I am in the hotel now, we came to the hotel as a family and we are very happy with everything, especially the staff, they are all smiling, loyal and helpful, they all work with dedication as if it was their own hotel. Aqua is a bit weak, but it's enough, I'm not someone who makes comments easily, but I'm making this comment only based on the efforts of the staff. Ali Mahmut Yilmaz Eren Bey Yunus Emre Mehmet Lobby Bar Lady Amina Servet Agha My brother Faruk Salih Sea Lady I would like to express my gratitude to all of them and some other staff whose names I cannot remember, and I congratulate the hotel management from the bottom of my heart for having these staff...👏👏👏👏 20. Yorum: The food was lovely, there were lots of activities, the sea was in the hotel area, and all the staff were very kind and helpful. Yorum: We have stayed at Mukarnas Hotel for 10 days now, great hotel with lots of offers, good cocktails, clean rooms and nice staff.|The kids took part in activities at Mini Club every day, there is a weekly programme, my son especially enjoyed the bubble party. Very friendly and helpful staff || The kitchen is great. Great animation and pool staff. The staff is friendly and smiling. The bar staff and animation team are great. The hotel staff was nice and smiling. I recommend it, I think the hotel is of a high standard, and this is evident in the staff, there are a lot of them, each person has his own task and they work together like an efficient machine. Great variety of food for lunch and evening meals, lovely pool, friendly and helpful staff, variety of things to do. I would also like to thank the reception staff and guests for their smiling faces and sincere concern. All staff are very caring and solution oriented. Youssef, Ozi's friends, waiter, in short, I would like to thank all the staff. Yorum: Great hotel, lots of attractions, full commitment of animators and staff. Hotel: Impressive upon entering, big, clean and fully air conditioned, staff is very nice and speaks good Polish :-) Third. Room: The room we had was clean and well maintained, but after three days there was a smell from the air conditioner or the siphon was dry after reporting it to the reception, there was no problem anymore, but the problem was repeated twice and the staff suggested changing the room, but we gave up. (The hotel staff encourage you to have a good time) plus the music is very loud (it didn't bother me). Staff - The animation team were friendly, chatty and smiling if it helped friends. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Empty dishes are removed immediately, as if the staff is growing out of the ground and removing unnecessary items immediately. Sometimes (I emphasize “sometimes”) we tip the waiters for dinner (that’s how it is in Turkey – and sometimes it’s all their earnings, because in some hotels accommodation and food are provided for the staff, and their salary comes from tips). When you give 1, 2, 5 euros to the waiter or the room cleaning staff, they will carry you in their arms, and they are very grateful. Smiling and friendly staff and everyone is ready to help with a smile on their face. The staff can't do enough for you. The hotel is very clean, the staff never stops cleaning, sweeping or gardening. The friendly staff took our bags so we could safely get to the room with the kids. Most of the staff speak our language. Yorum: The best hotel I have ever been to, it is beautiful inside and out, I am Polish and thought I would not be able to communicate with the staff, but as it turned out, all the staff spoke Polish, maybe not perfect but very decent. Most of the staff speak Polish, which adds a lot of comfort. Yorum: Nice hotel with lots of things to do, friendly staff, excellent buffet. Yorum: Great hotel in a great location, lovely decor and friendly, helpful staff. Very helpful staff. Yorum: It has a high quality staff, the food is varied and delicious. Thank you Mukarnas, thank you to the hotel staff who made our vacation wonderful, we are happy to be with you for another 5 days! Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the staff is helpful, the food is delicious, I really enjoyed it. The only thing is that the market added a little bitterness, the staff there are rude, and they seem to make money from people, always with an unhappy face.. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. The staff is fine, and the animation team is doing a great job. The staff are sometimes visibly annoyed (maybe also due to the fact that we were a large group and the orders were always large) and also the staff serving only at the bar is not adequate. The staff are friendly and caring. Yorum: In itself a nice hotel, we liked most of it, except the staff. In the restaurant you have to run after the staff to get drinks. There were two 2 euro coins in the drawer, and the staff independently exchanged them for two Bulgarian 2 leva coins. We enjoyed the vacation very much, especially since my daughter went to primary school on 9/19.||The food was delicious every day and the staff were quick to serve.||The room is cleaned daily. It was a perfect holiday experience and the hotel staff were simply wonderful. The bars are well stocked and the staff are friendly. The check in staff checked me into an isolated room below the accountants office, it was dark and musty with no views at all as it was on the second floor. First of all, it's very clean, the staff are friendly, the food is great and varied, the pool is quite big. Very welcoming and friendly staff. The staff is always there to help, by showing you where things are, where to find things, and schedules. The staff speaks English and German without any problems. The artists and some of the bar staff were great but the majority of the staff were miserable. This room is not part of the hotel, it is the staff room. I would give a lower rating but the staff who care about customer service really earned them stars so this one is for them! The staff was very helpful and friendly. Yorum: The staff is friendly and responsive to all your questions and needs. Yorum: We stayed in this hotel from 06/04 to 06/11/24 What can I say, at first I noticed that the staff were not smiling, it felt like they were on the back burner. Very nice waiters and animation staff. Yorum: It's the worst hotel I've ever been to, the rooms are clean, the food is 8/10, the alcohol is a complete disgrace, you don't know what you're drinking, most of the foreign staff are generally interested in it. It is a very nice, well maintained hotel with friendly staff. The plastic cups you drink from at the bar are small, and we started ordering 2 each when we went to the bar because the signs were not occupied with enough staff. On the part of the gentlemen who brought the luggage and the staff at the tavern, this was outright "extortion." The air conditioning in the room was broken. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. The hotel location is excellent, rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, rooms and public areas are very clean, beds are comfortable, staff are lovely, food is simple but plentiful and drinks are always flowing. The cleaning staff always make your sheets or towels into works of art every day, it's so beautiful, makes me smile every time! The staff is friendly. I have to compliment the staff more - everyone is nice, helpful and smiling. The hotel staff was a big plus. The staff was friendly. Exceptions - The room cleaning staff were very polite. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. The hotel is great and so are the staff who care about our comfort. Also, the service staff in the kitchen restaurant were very helpful, very active and hard working. || Negative: |- Always the same food |- The staff at the reception are not very friendly |- There are too many children (so if you are looking for peace and quiet, you should not come here |- Not centrally located, no shopping opportunities … 116. On the downside, the staff is not friendly at all, unfortunately, from the bar to the restaurant staff. Unfriendly staff! Yorum: At the beginning of my review, I would like to thank all the staff from the bottom of my heart, you are amazing, you are the ones who created this hotel and this atmosphere - you are professionals!!!!!! I would give a lower rating but the staff who care about customer service really earned them stars so this one is for them! Smiling and friendly staff and everyone is ready to help with a smile on their face. The friendly staff took our bags so we could safely get to the room with the kids. Yorum: Nice hotel with lots of things to do, friendly staff, excellent buffet. Very welcoming and friendly staff. It is a very nice, well maintained hotel with friendly staff. Unfriendly staff! The whole team puts in a lot of effort and is very helpful and friendly. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are big and spacious enough and the housekeeping staff were very helpful. Yorum: I am in the hotel now, we came to the hotel as a family and we are very happy with everything, especially the staff, they are all smiling, loyal and helpful, they all work with dedication as if it was their own hotel. Yorum: The food was lovely, there were lots of activities, the sea was in the hotel area, and all the staff were very kind and helpful. Very friendly and helpful staff || The kitchen is great. Great variety of food for lunch and evening meals, lovely pool, friendly and helpful staff, variety of things to do. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Yorum: Great hotel in a great location, lovely decor and friendly, helpful staff. Very helpful staff. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the staff is helpful, the food is delicious, I really enjoyed it. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. The manager Mohammed is very polite and helpful. I have to compliment the staff more - everyone is nice, helpful and smiling. All the bartenders were smiling, friendly and helpful. The service is helpful, courteous and courteous. Also, the service staff in the kitchen restaurant were very helpful, very active and hard working. The staff speaks Polish without any problems. The service, food and room were all good, but the staff could speak a little more English. All the staff are amazing from Valentina, Simi, Farouk, Barouk, Khaldoun, Ahmed, Mateen, Ali to name a few. We really loved it and I would like to thank all the staff. All the staff are friendly. It is a beautiful, well maintained hotel with lovely staff who are like a big family. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are big and spacious enough and the housekeeping staff were very helpful. All the staff are professional and treat guests very well. The rooms are luxurious and the housekeeping staff is very efficient. Yorum: I am in the hotel now, we came to the hotel as a family and we are very happy with everything, especially the staff, they are all smiling, loyal and helpful, they all work with dedication as if it was their own hotel. Aqua is a bit weak, but it's enough, I'm not someone who makes comments easily, but I'm making this comment only based on the efforts of the staff. Ali Mahmut Yilmaz Eren Bey Yunus Emre Mehmet Lobby Bar Lady Amina Servet Agha My brother Faruk Salih Sea Lady I would like to express my gratitude to all of them and some other staff whose names I cannot remember, and I congratulate the hotel management from the bottom of my heart for having these staff...👏👏👏👏 20. Yorum: The food was lovely, there were lots of activities, the sea was in the hotel area, and all the staff were very kind and helpful. Yorum: We have stayed at Mukarnas Hotel for 10 days now, great hotel with lots of offers, good cocktails, clean rooms and nice staff.|The kids took part in activities at Mini Club every day, there is a weekly programme, my son especially enjoyed the bubble party. Very friendly and helpful staff || The kitchen is great. Great animation and pool staff. The staff is friendly and smiling. The bar staff and animation team are great. The hotel staff was nice and smiling. I recommend it, I think the hotel is of a high standard, and this is evident in the staff, there are a lot of them, each person has his own task and they work together like an efficient machine. Great variety of food for lunch and evening meals, lovely pool, friendly and helpful staff, variety of things to do. I would also like to thank the reception staff and guests for their smiling faces and sincere concern. All staff are very caring and solution oriented. Youssef, Ozi's friends, waiter, in short, I would like to thank all the staff. Yorum: Great hotel, lots of attractions, full commitment of animators and staff. Hotel: Impressive upon entering, big, clean and fully air conditioned, staff is very nice and speaks good Polish :-) Third. Room: The room we had was clean and well maintained, but after three days there was a smell from the air conditioner or the siphon was dry after reporting it to the reception, there was no problem anymore, but the problem was repeated twice and the staff suggested changing the room, but we gave up. (The hotel staff encourage you to have a good time) plus the music is very loud (it didn't bother me). Staff - The animation team were friendly, chatty and smiling if it helped friends. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Empty dishes are removed immediately, as if the staff is growing out of the ground and removing unnecessary items immediately. Sometimes (I emphasize “sometimes”) we tip the waiters for dinner (that’s how it is in Turkey – and sometimes it’s all their earnings, because in some hotels accommodation and food are provided for the staff, and their salary comes from tips). When you give 1, 2, 5 euros to the waiter or the room cleaning staff, they will carry you in their arms, and they are very grateful. Smiling and friendly staff and everyone is ready to help with a smile on their face. The staff can't do enough for you. The hotel is very clean, the staff never stops cleaning, sweeping or gardening. The friendly staff took our bags so we could safely get to the room with the kids. Most of the staff speak our language. Yorum: The best hotel I have ever been to, it is beautiful inside and out, I am Polish and thought I would not be able to communicate with the staff, but as it turned out, all the staff spoke Polish, maybe not perfect but very decent. Most of the staff speak Polish, which adds a lot of comfort. Yorum: Nice hotel with lots of things to do, friendly staff, excellent buffet. Yorum: Great hotel in a great location, lovely decor and friendly, helpful staff. Very helpful staff. Yorum: It has a high quality staff, the food is varied and delicious. Thank you Mukarnas, thank you to the hotel staff who made our vacation wonderful, we are happy to be with you for another 5 days! Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the staff is helpful, the food is delicious, I really enjoyed it. The only thing is that the market added a little bitterness, the staff there are rude, and they seem to make money from people, always with an unhappy face.. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. The staff is fine, and the animation team is doing a great job. The staff are sometimes visibly annoyed (maybe also due to the fact that we were a large group and the orders were always large) and also the staff serving only at the bar is not adequate. The staff are friendly and caring. Yorum: In itself a nice hotel, we liked most of it, except the staff. In the restaurant you have to run after the staff to get drinks. There were two 2 euro coins in the drawer, and the staff independently exchanged them for two Bulgarian 2 leva coins. We enjoyed the vacation very much, especially since my daughter went to primary school on 9/19.||The food was delicious every day and the staff were quick to serve.||The room is cleaned daily. It was a perfect holiday experience and the hotel staff were simply wonderful. The bars are well stocked and the staff are friendly. The check in staff checked me into an isolated room below the accountants office, it was dark and musty with no views at all as it was on the second floor. First of all, it's very clean, the staff are friendly, the food is great and varied, the pool is quite big. Very welcoming and friendly staff. The staff is always there to help, by showing you where things are, where to find things, and schedules. The staff speaks English and German without any problems. The artists and some of the bar staff were great but the majority of the staff were miserable. This room is not part of the hotel, it is the staff room. I would give a lower rating but the staff who care about customer service really earned them stars so this one is for them! The staff was very helpful and friendly. Yorum: The staff is friendly and responsive to all your questions and needs. Yorum: We stayed in this hotel from 06/04 to 06/11/24 What can I say, at first I noticed that the staff were not smiling, it felt like they were on the back burner. Very nice waiters and animation staff. Yorum: It's the worst hotel I've ever been to, the rooms are clean, the food is 8/10, the alcohol is a complete disgrace, you don't know what you're drinking, most of the foreign staff are generally interested in it. It is a very nice, well maintained hotel with friendly staff. The plastic cups you drink from at the bar are small, and we started ordering 2 each when we went to the bar because the signs were not occupied with enough staff. On the part of the gentlemen who brought the luggage and the staff at the tavern, this was outright "extortion." The air conditioning in the room was broken. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. The hotel location is excellent, rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, rooms and public areas are very clean, beds are comfortable, staff are lovely, food is simple but plentiful and drinks are always flowing. The cleaning staff always make your sheets or towels into works of art every day, it's so beautiful, makes me smile every time! The staff is friendly. I have to compliment the staff more - everyone is nice, helpful and smiling. The hotel staff was a big plus. The staff was friendly. Exceptions - The room cleaning staff were very polite. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. The hotel is great and so are the staff who care about our comfort. Also, the service staff in the kitchen restaurant were very helpful, very active and hard working. || Negative: |- Always the same food |- The staff at the reception are not very friendly |- There are too many children (so if you are looking for peace and quiet, you should not come here |- Not centrally located, no shopping opportunities … 116. On the downside, the staff is not friendly at all, unfortunately, from the bar to the restaurant staff. Unfriendly staff! Yorum: At the beginning of my review, I would like to thank all the staff from the bottom of my heart, you are amazing, you are the ones who created this hotel and this atmosphere - you are professionals!!!!!! Yorum: The chairs are excellent, the rooms are very clean, the food is excellent, the service is excellent, especially the young men, Baqi Qader, Muhammad Hulan and Marwan are excellent in terms of speech, manners and service. Also, the service and care for customers is very respectful. Yorum: The service and customer care was great and the place is very beautiful 4. Perfect service. Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. The service was great! The service, food and room were all good, but the staff could speak a little more English. The service was amazing in all the bars and restaurants. I would especially like to highlight the Nezaket of the service. Yorum: I recently stayed at a very clean resort and was very impressed with the service. Friendly and professional service (Polish, German, English). High level service, kind, polite, and most importantly, you can communicate with everyone (even without knowing the language). The food is delicious, the portion is large and the service during the meals is great! All bars are self-service. I don't think this is a bad thing, but if there was service it would be 5 stars in the rating. Food and service at Mukarnas for 5+. When the food service ends, say at 3.30pm in one bar, the other starts serving pancakes, tortillas, waffles, hot dogs, etc. Service....I take off my hat. The animation, food and service are all top notch. Without words, starting from the attitude towards the guests, the service flies, the variety of food is off the charts, we did not have time to try everything 😅, theme evenings, parties on the beach with cocktails and desserts. Top level - great;), the hotel cleanliness was very good - nothing to complain about, the service was perfect, you can speak Polish everywhere (starting from the reception). Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. Air conditioning works wonders ;) Nice service. Yorum: Great hotel, very good food, great service, nice pool with warm water. Yorum: The first impression started off badly and unfortunately it stayed that way, poor internet connection, waiter service etc. The service was nice, they did their best I didn't like the bartenders, but that's my opinion if there is a tip, everything is fine, but another day without a tip is annoying... The service is fast, they take your drinks in the restaurant and serve them to you in less than 8 minutes. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and the service is excellent and although it was very crowded, we were very happy with the cleanliness, food and service. I would give a lower rating but the staff who care about customer service really earned them stars so this one is for them! Great service, both from the waiters, bartenders and the entire hotel. Very nice service, rooms are cleaned every day, interesting cuisine, everyone will find something for themselves. The service was very nice and funny, the waiters tried to speak to us in Polish, and the animators were great at organizing different games. The service was very friendly and efficient. The best hotel we have ever been to, the food was amazing, the service was great, the rooms were beautiful, everything was so amazing I couldn't help but cry when they left. Rooms, service, restaurant and animation are at a good level. The service is helpful, courteous and courteous. Everyone expects a tip, and if you don't tip, you won't get any service. The food and service are top notch. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. Also, the service staff in the kitchen restaurant were very helpful, very active and hard working. I'm sorry but the services are terrible! Service that looks out for you, not you Service Alcohol - European brands from Heineken, Beck's, Tuborg and Kalsberg beers to rum, whisky, vodka, gin and wine.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 7.6
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 138
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The water park is a bit small, and since there is no one waiting at the slides in the water park, people almost slide over each other, I have criticisms about that, and I hope the hotel management will take it into consideration. Swimming pools: There are two large pools, one with slides and the other with a paddling pool. The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. It's definitely not clean, the water park isn't very nice, and I didn't like any of it except the orange slide. The slides are great. Outside there are bars, swimming pools, slides and many attractions. |Lots of slides for both kids and adults 54. Short slide and train program for children. The slides are only open for a few days at specific times. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. The water in the pools is very warm and the slides are very fun. Cons: Very cold water in the main pool (May), only one float for the biggest slide! Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides. The pools were the cleanest I have ever seen. Due to the sea conditions, the pool is very crowded and it is impossible to find a sunbed; we always reserve sunbeds at 07:30 am, otherwise there will be no space left. The pool cleaning was not very good. Also, the animation team by the pool is constantly playing loud music and making announcements constantly, we warned them 3 times that the music was too loud, but after 2 minutes it became clear again that it is impossible to relax our minds in this hotel. The water park was adequate, but the swimming pool was not enough. As people were always talking in the pool the kids were swimming there was only one officer in the pool and he couldn't see anyone in the boat section at the top of the room. The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. Great animation and pool staff. The pools are not heated, so the water will likely be cold in April/May. Great variety of food for lunch and evening meals, lovely pool, friendly and helpful staff, variety of things to do. |Very nice swimming pools and green garden with a poet and restaurants,|We were in Mukarnas for the second time and I hope to go next year. There is a very large selection of breakfast and dinner (we didn't go for lunch as there are two snack bars near the pools, open from 12:30pm to 17:00pm). Swimming pools: There are two large pools, one with slides and the other with a paddling pool. There are occasional attractions near the large pools such as Zumba, Fitness, Dart, etc. The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. I can't say I like swimming pools either. Having an indoor pool in addition to an outdoor pool was an unexpected joy. We mostly swam in the indoor pool. The lounge chairs at the pool are new and the sun protection is great too. Clean pool and beautiful landscaped area. People drink and eat by the pools. Sun loungers are always available by the sea, near the pool only in the afternoon, as they are busy early in the morning. Overall, I highly recommend the hotel, the pools and the sea. The swimming pools and the entire infrastructure are worthy of appreciation. My son was happy with the pools, water park, amusement park and games room for an additional fee (8 year old). The sun loungers by the pool were crowded together, making it very difficult to move around. Comfortable and clean apartment with views of the pools, palm trees and the sea. Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. Yorum: Great hotel, very good food, great service, nice pool with warm water. Outside there are bars, swimming pools, slides and many attractions. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. I also think that the pools are not cleaned properly; seeing a used bandage in the same place next to the indoor pool for three days clearly shows how low the hygiene standards are. The restaurant, pool area and other public bathrooms were also shockingly dirty. The ice cream machine is broken, only pancakes for the kids every day for a week, which is a negative, there are no mats near the pool, which is dangerous in my opinion, especially for kids. There are no heated pools, in May the water was cold. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. The swimming pool and activities/events are open to all to participate in. First of all, it's very clean, the staff are friendly, the food is great and varied, the pool is quite big. Once it hits 11:30pm, all the lights and air conditioning are turned off, practically forcing you to go to bed unless you want to drink in the dark at the pool bar. The animation and swimming pool activities are nice. No playing around on the sun loungers at the pool. You can find sun loungers by the pool anytime you want. Either at the pool bar, in the lobby or at the reception. The pool bar and lobby bar do not have a drink menu and offer very few types of drinks. There are no lifeguards at all in the pools, water park and sea! The pool is clean, as are the rooms. The pool is big and has plenty of sun loungers, unfortunately it is busy all day and there are no people there. Swimming pools and sun loungers for all. One downside, but not the hotel's fault, is the cold water in the pools, even in the paddling pool (first week of October), so it's best to go in high season. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. Yorum: A bit crowded at the pool. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. The water in the pools is very warm and the slides are very fun. Cons: Very cold water in the main pool (May), only one float for the biggest slide! Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides. Lots of attractions for adults, including a water park, 3 saunas, a jacuzzi, a large indoor pool and much more. Special shout out to Ali and Segundo Ali from the pool bar, along with Servet, Ramadan and Ahmed. Several pool bars. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. I liked the work of the maids, they cleaned the rooms well and tidy, a lot of attention was paid to the children, the pool, and also a lot of active activities, working as a waiter was a bit disappointing, because I did not get any cocktail or beautifully decorated drink at one point, when a child bruised his arm while going to the room. The water in the pool is warm. Outdoor pool - clean, plenty of sun loungers, no fighting for them. Near the pool there is a toilet (clean), snack bar, garden bar. - The TUI offer clearly states that the outdoor pools are free. I went to the hotel rooftop pool and at first they asked me to pay 10 euros per person. They wouldn't even let me see what the pool looked like, what the conditions were like, whether I liked it or not, it was like buying a cat in a poke. Cigarette smoke is everywhere, whether at the pool, on the restaurant terrace or on the beach. The water park is a bit small, and since there is no one waiting at the slides in the water park, people almost slide over each other, I have criticisms about that, and I hope the hotel management will take it into consideration. The water park was adequate, but the swimming pool was not enough. Also, it was ironic that pet water was only available in the lobby, fresh water was provided from dispensers in other areas, and cold water was almost never available. When you put ice in the water we bought, there was a bad smell. You can put 3 tanks and give water to the pets. The pools are not heated, so the water will likely be cold in April/May. I was there in early May and June, at first the water was perfect, then too warm 😂 The water park and water attractions are divided for young and old kids, which is enough in my opinion. The beach is rocky, but in my opinion it's better than sand, beautiful water, and a nice pier! In early May/June, the water was as warm as in Poland in a hot summer in a small lake. The only drawback is the "fractionated" bottled water. Drinking water is available throughout the property through dispensers, bottled only in the lobby and in the in-room refrigerator. The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. Yorum: The hotel pier is very nice and clean and I think it's good that the hotel has its own water park for kids. It's definitely not clean, the water park isn't very nice, and I didn't like any of it except the orange slide. The water park is quite adequate. The beach consists of small to medium sized pebbles, and water shoes are required. The water in the sea is warm and clean. My son was happy with the pools, water park, amusement park and games room for an additional fee (8 year old). Only the watermelon was consistently delicious. Yorum: Great hotel, very good food, great service, nice pool with warm water. At lunch we go to different bars on the territory of the hotel, where you can find snacks, desserts and have a full and delicious lunch, we definitely take watermelons, they are very sweet, and cold ones are wonderfully refreshing, the waiters are fast, everything is clear)) and help in everything! The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. There are no heated pools, in May the water was cold. The water park in the hotel is very bad compared to others and can be seen next to the neighbors on both sides. The mini bar only has water, juice and pepsi. There are no lifeguards at all in the pools, water park and sea! One downside, but not the hotel's fault, is the cold water in the pools, even in the paddling pool (first week of October), so it's best to go in high season. Water sports center. Take a bus or taxi to the local public water sports centre and haggle, it is possible to get them for half the price of the hotels. The beach is rocky, but entering the water from the dock was a nice solution. The water in the pools is very warm and the slides are very fun. The beach is rocky and pebbly, so it's worth taking water shoes with you. Everyone will find some entertainment for themselves: darts tournaments, air rifle shooting, yoga, dance lessons, water aerobics, water polo, etc. Cons: Very cold water in the main pool (May), only one float for the biggest slide! Lots of attractions for adults, including a water park, 3 saunas, a jacuzzi, a large indoor pool and much more. Wonderful sea water, the only minus, although it was not a nuisance for us, is the stone beach, I recommend special slippers. If you have children and go to the beach at 8, you must take water from the hotel. The water in the sea is warmer than in July and August in the Baltic Sea. The water in the pool is warm. The water park was adequate, but the swimming pool was not enough. As people were always talking in the pool the kids were swimming there was only one officer in the pool and he couldn't see anyone in the boat section at the top of the room. The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. |Very nice swimming pools and green garden with a poet and restaurants,|We were in Mukarnas for the second time and I hope to go next year. Swimming pools: There are two large pools, one with slides and the other with a paddling pool. I can't say I like swimming pools either. The swimming pools and the entire infrastructure are worthy of appreciation. Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. Outside there are bars, swimming pools, slides and many attractions. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. The swimming pool and activities/events are open to all to participate in. The animation and swimming pool activities are nice. Swimming pools and sun loungers for all. People are swimming in human sewage. The restaurant, pool area and other public bathrooms were also shockingly dirty. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. The animation and swimming pool activities are nice. The animation and swimming pool activities are nice. The animation and swimming pool activities are nice.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.6
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 105
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: What impressed us most is that Mukarnas is a truly child-friendly hotel, they thought about the kids as much as they thought about the adults. Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. It is a beautiful, well maintained hotel with lovely staff who are like a big family. Yorum: I am in the hotel now, we came to the hotel as a family and we are very happy with everything, especially the staff, they are all smiling, loyal and helpful, they all work with dedication as if it was their own hotel. Our family rating is 5+.|| We will definitely be back. Yorum: We stayed with my family between September 21 and 29. I have always somehow managed to find a sun lounger for my family of 4, but it has not been easy. For a large family, one envoy will only receive two 500ml bottles. The dispensers have 200ml cups, which is annoying for a larger family. A hotel where you can stay with your family and have a great time, I recommend it in every way. Yorum: Excellent hotel, all family members stayed here for the first time. It is a complete family hotel. Yorum: Our whole family spent a vacation here in the second half of July. If you are looking for a family vacation this is the place for you. Yorum: We had a vacation with my family in August and we loved it very much. It is a very good hotel in terms of quality and performance and very affordable in terms of price, it is a complete family hotel, the children's activities are excellent, and we as adults did not get bored either. Yorum: Great family hotel! Yorum: I went to many hotels in Alanya with my family, but this was the best so far. It is advertised as a family holiday hotel but as a family of 14 who visited, we can happily agree that this is not the case. We felt very unsafe staying there so we had to squeeze into our family members rooms overnight until the issue was resolved. Yorum: The holidays were very successful, and the whole family was happy. Yorum: Overall, a successful holiday for a 2+2 family. Female customers, so they exclude men if you go with men or as a family, I do not recommend it, do not go, look elsewhere. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful and very family friendly. The rooms are okay, but they crammed four of my family into a small room that should only fit three people at most. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. The higher level comfortable rooms are large and suitable for a family of 4. The hotel is family friendly and offers plenty of activities for both children and adults to do. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. We are really enjoying our time in Mukarnas and the kids are already wondering when we will fly again. As people were always talking in the pool the kids were swimming there was only one officer in the pool and he couldn't see anyone in the boat section at the top of the room. Lots of attractions for kids and adults. Yorum: We have stayed at Mukarnas Hotel for 10 days now, great hotel with lots of offers, good cocktails, clean rooms and nice staff.|The kids took part in activities at Mini Club every day, there is a weekly programme, my son especially enjoyed the bubble party. Lots of entertainment for kids.|| I recommend it to everyone. I was there in early May and June, at first the water was perfect, then too warm 😂 The water park and water attractions are divided for young and old kids, which is enough in my opinion. Playground, park (open only twice a day for 45 minutes), football and basketball court, kids club (was a bit boring), table tennis. The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. Yorum: The hotel pier is very nice and clean and I think it's good that the hotel has its own water park for kids. What impressed us most is that Mukarnas is a truly child-friendly hotel, they thought about the kids as much as they thought about the adults. The closest ones are Side and Sea Park (great), the rest are all-day excursions, hard to do with kids in this temperature. The friendly staff took our bags so we could safely get to the room with the kids. We really liked the cartoons and the mini disco for the kids. Yorum: We had a great holiday at the hotel with friends and kids from 24th to 31st July 2024. |Delicious food and lots of entertainment for the kids including a mini club where the kids can easily spend half a day without their parents! |Lots of slides for both kids and adults 54. Nice hotel for kids. Yorum: It was very beautiful and full of activities for the kids. The ice cream machine is broken, only pancakes for the kids every day for a week, which is a negative, there are no mats near the pool, which is dangerous in my opinion, especially for kids. The mini club for kids is a lot of fun, there are separate playmates too, as far as I noticed, although our child doesn't quite understand because he is young, children aged 4.5 and up can have a lot of fun. We had three kids ages 8-12 who got bored because everything closed so early, that way you know there's a problem if the kids still want to stay up and you're closing everything! Good little club for kids. Plus: amusement park for kids. The clothing store is very reasonable where you can get 3 designer shirts for kids for 10 euros or 20 euros for 3 adults. Children's attractions are very well organized, and the kids did not get bored. Lots of kids programs at the mini club. It is a very good hotel in terms of quality and performance and very affordable in terms of price, it is a complete family hotel, the children's activities are excellent, and we as adults did not get bored either. Playground, park (open only twice a day for 45 minutes), football and basketball court, kids club (was a bit boring), table tennis. Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. The sea reaches you at a height of 2 meters and the beach is rocky but the stones do not bother you much, it is just very wavy, so the sea is a problem for families with children, my children did not swim in the sea. Yorum: Hello, We stayed for 5 nights with 2 adults and 2 children aged 14 and 11 years. There are indoor and outdoor playgrounds for children. The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. It is very good for children. Yorum: A great place for families with children. I recommend it for families with children and also for couples without children. Every day in the hotel there is a festive evening and various shows - it's great, during the day there are also attractions like a foam party or various competitions, in the evening there is a party for everyone until 11 pm, then adults can go to a children's disco. Families with children can come with peace of mind, as the food selection is wide, and breakfast and dinner satisfy all tastes. There is a separate menu for children, so you don't have to run and choose, because everything for them is in one place (well, except for pancakes :-) 5. Children/Entertainment: There is a club where you can leave your child under supervision from 10:00 to 12:30 and then from 14:00 to 17:30, where children can enjoy games, fun, drawing, exercise classes, biscuit baking, etc. Overall, I can recommend this hotel, especially for families with children but also for couples, because there is something to do and you will not get bored. We had a room (2 adults plus 2 children) with bathroom and balcony with a beautiful sea view. They are always smiling, happy and chatty with children and guests. Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. I recommend the hotel with a clear conscience to families with children ;) I hope to return there one day 😍 46. Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. The hotel is ideal for families with children and more. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children and adults. Yorum: We rested with a mother and her three children. The children are happy. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with one adult and two children. It is a very good hotel in terms of quality and performance and very affordable in terms of price, it is a complete family hotel, the children's activities are excellent, and we as adults did not get bored either. Our room is big and beautiful and the room is very clean, children are especially happy when there are different shapes made of towels on the bed, there are shower gels, shampoos and fridges with drinks for adults and children. We have breakfast and dinner in the main restaurant, which is very delicious, and every day there is a new original menu and a variety of dishes that will please both children and adults. Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. Short slide and train program for children. For me, the biggest minus is the fact that the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, there is simply nowhere to go, or a bus that will take you to a nearby city in an hour, but with children it is already known that in the heat it is a big trip. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. If you have children, there are also park areas and drawing workshops designed especially for them. The mini club for kids is a lot of fun, there are separate playmates too, as far as I noticed, although our child doesn't quite understand because he is young, children aged 4.5 and up can have a lot of fun. The meals in the children's section were suitable for ages 4.5 years and up. The soup in the children's section was the same for 4 days, and the soup for the other adults was too salty. I recommend it for families with children. Plenty of entertainment throughout the day and evening for children and adults. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. Children's attractions are very well organized, and the kids did not get bored. In addition, the hotel has a lot of attractions for children - a mini club at the highest level. We are currently finishing our stay at this facility and I can honestly recommend it to both families with children and couples. Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides. The hotel is family friendly and offers plenty of activities for both children and adults to do. A good place to relax for families with children, young people and others. I liked the work of the maids, they cleaned the rooms well and tidy, a lot of attention was paid to the children, the pool, and also a lot of active activities, working as a waiter was a bit disappointing, because I did not get any cocktail or beautifully decorated drink at one point, when a child bruised his arm while going to the room. || Negative: |- Always the same food |- The staff at the reception are not very friendly |- There are too many children (so if you are looking for peace and quiet, you should not come here |- Not centrally located, no shopping opportunities … 116. It is ideal for families with children. If you have children and go to the beach at 8, you must take water from the hotel.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 8.6
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 91
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: In terms of cleanliness, it was much cleaner than many hotels we have been to. The building is well maintained with a great emphasis on cleanliness. Top level - great;), the hotel cleanliness was very good - nothing to complain about, the service was perfect, you can speak Polish everywhere (starting from the reception). Yorum: The location of the hotel, the food, the drinks, the cleanliness and the animation were perfect, and I would especially like to thank our animation team friends and our friends in the lobby and the beach bar. |Positive aspects:The variety of food is great.|The cleanliness is very good.|The location of the hotel is very close to the beach and the beach is tidy.|The air conditioning in the room is quiet and not annoying.|There is no noise.|. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. However, the overall cleanliness of the hotel is really disappointing. Yorum: First of all, Mukarnas Hotel is very good in terms of cleanliness. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and the service is excellent and although it was very crowded, we were very happy with the cleanliness, food and service. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. Cleanliness is non-existent. I also think that the pools are not cleaned properly; seeing a used bandage in the same place next to the indoor pool for three days clearly shows how low the hygiene standards are. I also think that the pools are not cleaned properly; seeing a used bandage in the same place next to the indoor pool for three days clearly shows how low the hygiene standards are. Yorum: The chairs are excellent, the rooms are very clean, the food is excellent, the service is excellent, especially the young men, Baqi Qader, Muhammad Hulan and Marwan are excellent in terms of speech, manners and service. The rooms are cleaned daily. The pools were the cleanest I have ever seen. The rooms in the hotel are clean and very large. It was a lovely holiday especially the animation team is very good, there is constant activity in the hotel, the food is very successful, the rooms are clean and spacious. The rooms are clean. The pool cleaning was not very good. Yorum: Small, clean hotel but far from 5 stars. Yorum: I recently stayed at a very clean resort and was very impressed with the service. The plates and cutlery are very clean and new, and the tables are beautifully set up. The rooms are clean and tidy. Yorum: We have stayed at Mukarnas Hotel for 10 days now, great hotel with lots of offers, good cocktails, clean rooms and nice staff.|The kids took part in activities at Mini Club every day, there is a weekly programme, my son especially enjoyed the bubble party. The rooms are clean. The cleaning ladies were great. The rooms and bathrooms are clean. First, the rooms are very large and clean. The rooms were clean, well maintained and air conditioned, and of course cleaned every day and the mini bar replenished. Yorum: Good: Great hotel, clean, well maintained. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious. First of all, the rooms are clean, the cleaning ladies are very attentive, thank you, they do everything right. The rooms are clean and undamaged. Hotel: Impressive upon entering, big, clean and fully air conditioned, staff is very nice and speaks good Polish :-) Third. Room: The room we had was clean and well maintained, but after three days there was a smell from the air conditioner or the siphon was dry after reporting it to the reception, there was no problem anymore, but the problem was repeated twice and the staff suggested changing the room, but we gave up. In terms of cleanliness, it was much cleaner than many hotels we have been to. The food was varied and equally clean. Yorum: The hotel pier is very nice and clean and I think it's good that the hotel has its own water park for kids. It's definitely not clean, the water park isn't very nice, and I didn't like any of it except the orange slide. Yorum: The hotel is very clean. Clean pool and beautiful landscaped area. Very clean everywhere. The public toilets had toilet paper and soap and were clean throughout the day. When you give 1, 2, 5 euros to the waiter or the room cleaning staff, they will carry you in their arms, and they are very grateful. The water in the sea is warm and clean. Room cleaning was 10 points, I was satisfied. The hotel is very clean, the staff never stops cleaning, sweeping or gardening. The building is well maintained with a great emphasis on cleanliness. Top level - great;), the hotel cleanliness was very good - nothing to complain about, the service was perfect, you can speak Polish everywhere (starting from the reception). Comfortable and clean apartment with views of the pools, palm trees and the sea. Room cleaning every day including changing towels. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the food, the drinks, the cleanliness and the animation were perfect, and I would especially like to thank our animation team friends and our friends in the lobby and the beach bar. |Positive aspects:The variety of food is great.|The cleanliness is very good.|The location of the hotel is very close to the beach and the beach is tidy.|The air conditioning in the room is quiet and not annoying.|There is no noise.|. Our room is big and beautiful and the room is very clean, children are especially happy when there are different shapes made of towels on the bed, there are shower gels, shampoos and fridges with drinks for adults and children. Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. Yorum: The hotel location is good, the rooms are clean and cleaned daily, and there is a decent variety of food. However, the overall cleanliness of the hotel is really disappointing. I also think that the pools are not cleaned properly; seeing a used bandage in the same place next to the indoor pool for three days clearly shows how low the hygiene standards are. Yorum: First of all, Mukarnas Hotel is very good in terms of cleanliness. It is fun to jump off the pier and swim as the sea bottom looks clear and clean. Then the cleaning crew finished the whole thing off. We enjoyed the vacation very much, especially since my daughter went to primary school on 9/19.||The food was delicious every day and the staff were quick to serve.||The room is cleaned daily. Yorum: The hotel is well maintained, its glory days are long gone, it is clean, but showing signs of wear and tear, many of the appliances are simply worn out, the food is very good, but a bit bland. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. First of all, it's very clean, the staff are friendly, the food is great and varied, the pool is quite big. The rooms are clean and the cleaners put out drinks every day. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and the service is excellent and although it was very crowded, we were very happy with the cleanliness, food and service. The pool is clean, as are the rooms. Very nice service, rooms are cleaned every day, interesting cuisine, everyone will find something for themselves. Yorum: It's the worst hotel I've ever been to, the rooms are clean, the food is 8/10, the alcohol is a complete disgrace, you don't know what you're drinking, most of the foreign staff are generally interested in it. The cleaners are there every day and do a good job. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. Yorum: The hotel was well maintained and clean almost everywhere. The rooms were clean and well maintained, but the air conditioning did not work well. The hotel location is excellent, rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, rooms and public areas are very clean, beds are comfortable, staff are lovely, food is simple but plentiful and drinks are always flowing. The cleaning staff always make your sheets or towels into works of art every day, it's so beautiful, makes me smile every time! Very clean, sometimes can complain about something. Yorum: Nice hotel, lots of green space, clean rooms. It is very clean, the meals are varied and delicious. The rooms are clean and cleaned daily. Cleanliness is non-existent. Exceptions - The room cleaning staff were very polite. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. I liked the work of the maids, they cleaned the rooms well and tidy, a lot of attention was paid to the children, the pool, and also a lot of active activities, working as a waiter was a bit disappointing, because I did not get any cocktail or beautifully decorated drink at one point, when a child bruised his arm while going to the room. Large and clean rooms. The rooms and bathrooms are clean, and there are no signs of wear and tear in the rooms or other rooms. Outdoor pool - clean, plenty of sun loungers, no fighting for them. Near the pool there is a toilet (clean), snack bar, garden bar.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.4
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 85
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: However, transportation to the city in both directions is quick and cheap. However, transportation to the city in both directions is quick and cheap. Take a bus or taxi to the local public water sports centre and haggle, it is possible to get them for half the price of the hotels. Yorum: The hotel is located about an hour and a half drive from the airport in Antalya. The drive from the airport is 1.5 hours. The entrance and reception were very bad, he kept saying "we are too busy, we can't come". Overall the hotel was very busy and we chose a sea view room, I am glad we did. They always help and follow them in handling their business themselves. If someone likes sightseeing, you need a bus to Alanya (about an hour). The bus station is there too. Sun loungers are always available by the sea, near the pool only in the afternoon, as they are busy early in the morning. For me, the biggest minus is the fact that the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, there is simply nowhere to go, or a bus that will take you to a nearby city in an hour, but with children it is already known that in the heat it is a big trip. The pool is big and has plenty of sun loungers, unfortunately it is busy all day and there are no people there. External companies will take you to the Turkish bath for free and give you the business for the same price. Take a bus or taxi to the local public water sports centre and haggle, it is possible to get them for half the price of the hotels. Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. Short slide and train program for children. 70 euros for 10 minutes of parking. The only big drawback is the location of the hotel - there is no place to go out in the evening, the markets are 15 minutes from the hotel, in my opinion it is not great. Hotel location: If someone likes to spend their vacation in the hotel and on the beach (because the hotel has its own beach), they will be satisfied. The location is great, after a few meters you find yourself in a big shopping mall (Suhopasar). We recommend it :) The only drawback is the temperature (from 40 to 48 degrees in the sun) and the location of the hotel. There are two things to note, the beach is pebbly and the location is relatively remote. |The food was good, the location was nice, we arrived at the hotel… 50. Furthermore, I would recommend it because there is so much to do and the location is excellent, about 40 minutes from Side and Alanya. Yorum: Great hotel in a great location, lovely decor and friendly, helpful staff. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the food, the drinks, the cleanliness and the animation were perfect, and I would especially like to thank our animation team friends and our friends in the lobby and the beach bar. |Positive aspects:The variety of food is great.|The cleanliness is very good.|The location of the hotel is very close to the beach and the beach is tidy.|The air conditioning in the room is quiet and not annoying.|There is no noise.|. Yorum: The hotel location is good, the rooms are clean and cleaned daily, and there is a decent variety of food. I don't know where these positive reviews and admiration come from, I have stayed in much better hotels at a similar price, and even the Ramadan resort at the same price, organization and location is much better. Yorum: Very good stay, location is very close to shops like bazaars. Perfect location, right next to the beach and fireworks, we will definitely be back 75. The location is amazing. The hotel location is excellent, rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly. Snack and drink bars are available at various locations in the hotel - all free of charge. Two nearby bazaars for shopping lovers. For me, the biggest minus is the fact that the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, there is simply nowhere to go, or a bus that will take you to a nearby city in an hour, but with children it is already known that in the heat it is a big trip. Only the adults themselves, who were nearby, were saved, because there were no rescuers. In a nearby hotel, such as Mukarnas or Meryan in Okurcalar, where I was staying, they managed to solve this problem by allocating smoking areas and there was no such problem. || Negative: |- Always the same food |- The staff at the reception are not very friendly |- There are too many children (so if you are looking for peace and quiet, you should not come here |- Not centrally located, no shopping opportunities … 116. Also, it was ironic that pet water was only available in the lobby, fresh water was provided from dispensers in other areas, and cold water was almost never available. Yorum: The food was lovely, there were lots of activities, the sea was in the hotel area, and all the staff were very kind and helpful. Clean pool and beautiful landscaped area. I don't find the rambler area visually appealing, I've seen much nicer ones. There are only other hotels and a few shops in the immediate area. However, the quality of alcohol is below average, and much lower than the quality of alcohol in similarly priced hotels in the Alanya area. The restaurant, pool area and other public bathrooms were also shockingly dirty. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. If you have children, there are also park areas and drawing workshops designed especially for them. It is the only room in the area that has the management and accountants' offices above you. The area is green, landscaped, surrounded by flowers, and smells something. The bed is comfortable, the bathrooms and shower area are perfect and there is nothing to complain about. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, rooms and public areas are very clean, beds are comfortable, staff are lovely, food is simple but plentiful and drinks are always flowing. There isn't much in the local area, so you need to drive or ride everywhere, but it's easy to do! Yorum: As an update, the downsides are that you're not allowed to take sweets into the room like the military, you're not allowed to take anything into the lobby - there are two common areas, you're not allowed to take anything from the cafeteria there, we get comments like our boss is walking around and getting angry. The hotel is built on a large area and the landscape is very beautiful. Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides. The hotel I visited in Alanya area is full of activities from morning to night and I will visit Muqarnas again on my next vacation. Never go to the help desk located in the hotel area, it is better to contact your insurance agency. - What bothered me the most was the lack of designated smoking areas. In a nearby hotel, such as Mukarnas or Meryan in Okurcalar, where I was staying, they managed to solve this problem by allocating smoking areas and there was no such problem. Yorum: A beautiful place and a comfortable hotel. Yorum: The service and customer care was great and the place is very beautiful 4. Yorum: A great place for families with children. Yorum: The place is great. The hotel itself is lovely, lots of bars and places to eat. The only big drawback is the location of the hotel - there is no place to go out in the evening, the markets are 15 minutes from the hotel, in my opinion it is not great. A place worth recommending. The hotel has everything you need (including a 24-hour doctor, a supermarket and shops) and in general if you don't need to leave the hotel, you will be happy :-) But if someone likes to walk and see the sights, there is nothing to see around the hotel, but basically there are 3 markets: 1) In front of the hotel, always on Fridays, there is a very large place under tents - a typical Turkish bazaar where sellers from the region come. There is a separate menu for children, so you don't have to run and choose, because everything for them is in one place (well, except for pancakes :-) 5. The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. A place where you can stay with peace of mind. You just have to remember that if someone wants to go sightseeing, it will be a trip from this place. If you are looking for a family vacation this is the place for you. Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. There are no screens here, as in the Baltic, but you need to hurry to get a place on a deck chair, because by 7 am most of them are already booked. There are plenty of places to rest and relax. I also think that the pools are not cleaned properly; seeing a used bandage in the same place next to the indoor pool for three days clearly shows how low the hygiene standards are. When I first arrived, my partner and I were placed in room 2001. Please read Trip Advisor reviews for any place you plan to go first. Yorum: Great place to relax! Yorum: Such a good place that I'm speechless. You will need to replace your card every day. A good place to relax for families with children, young people and others.

Kumsal için rating: 7.6
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 83
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: The sea reaches you at a height of 2 meters and the beach is rocky but the stones do not bother you much, it is just very wavy, so the sea is a problem for families with children, my children did not swim in the sea. There is a pier so it makes sense to enter the sea from there, it is difficult to enter the sea from the beach because of the waves, I think the pier stairs also need maintenance, let's report to the authorities here. The beach is rocky, but in my opinion it's better than sand, beautiful water, and a nice pier! Hotel location: If someone likes to spend their vacation in the hotel and on the beach (because the hotel has its own beach), they will be satisfied. The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. The beach is rocky (bathing shoes!). The beach consists of small to medium sized pebbles, and water shoes are required. There are two things to note, the beach is pebbly and the location is relatively remote. Without words, starting from the attitude towards the guests, the service flies, the variety of food is off the charts, we did not have time to try everything 😅, theme evenings, parties on the beach with cocktails and desserts. Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. The beach was rocky and poorly maintained, with old and uncomfortable sun loungers. Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. However, we personally found the beds to be very hard and the pillows not nice, the beach is covered with pebbles instead of sand, which is also a drawback for us. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the food, the drinks, the cleanliness and the animation were perfect, and I would especially like to thank our animation team friends and our friends in the lobby and the beach bar. |Positive aspects:The variety of food is great.|The cleanliness is very good.|The location of the hotel is very close to the beach and the beach is tidy.|The air conditioning in the room is quiet and not annoying.|There is no noise.|. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. Perfect location, right next to the beach and fireworks, we will definitely be back 75. The only drinks available at the beachside bar are beer and lemonade. The beach is rocky, but that was known from the start. The beach is rocky, but it is possible to enter the sea from the pier. Instead, you have to walk to the main bar at the back of the hotel complex near the beach. The beach is rocky, but entering the water from the dock was a nice solution. The beach is rocky and pebbly, so it's worth taking water shoes with you. Beach towels and buffet in the room are included in the price, in the all inclusive offer. It is very enjoyable to watch the sunset on the sun loungers on the beach in the evening and watch the stars on the pier at night. Lots of shows, great beaches and lots of food. Internet throughout the hotel (even on the beach) is satisfactory. I don't know if it's written that way, but greetings to the cartoon site Józek😀 Next to a rocky beach, but this is information only for connoisseurs of sandy beaches. Private beach with sun loungers and a bar for free drinks. The hotel has direct access to the beach - although the stone beach is not sandy. Yorum: The hotel is good, but there is a nuisance - the beach is pebbly, so I recommend buying sheds. Wonderful sea water, the only minus, although it was not a nuisance for us, is the stone beach, I recommend special slippers. Beach bar opens at 10am. If you have children and go to the beach at 8, you must take water from the hotel. Sea - sandy beach. Cigarette smoke is everywhere, whether at the pool, on the restaurant terrace or on the beach. The beach is rocky, but in my opinion it's better than sand, beautiful water, and a nice pier! ad infinitum (you'd need 7 stomachs, like a thousand) to handle it ;). However, we personally found the beds to be very hard and the pillows not nice, the beach is covered with pebbles instead of sand, which is also a drawback for us. You will not find sand. I don't know if it's written that way, but greetings to the cartoon site Józek😀 Next to a rocky beach, but this is information only for connoisseurs of sandy beaches. The hotel has direct access to the beach - although the stone beach is not sandy. Sea - sandy beach. The entrance to the sea is sandy and practically rocky. This problem not only annoyed me, but also irritated other guests as we exchanged opinions while sunbathing or chatting in the evening at the lobby bar. The sea reaches you at a height of 2 meters and the beach is rocky but the stones do not bother you much, it is just very wavy, so the sea is a problem for families with children, my children did not swim in the sea. There is a pier so it makes sense to enter the sea from there, it is difficult to enter the sea from the beach because of the waves, I think the pier stairs also need maintenance, let's report to the authorities here. Overall the hotel was very busy and we chose a sea view room, I am glad we did. The sea is very rocky and wavy. We couldn't enjoy the sea at all. You cannot go in without sea shoes. Due to the sea conditions, the pool is very crowded and it is impossible to find a sunbed; we always reserve sunbeds at 07:30 am, otherwise there will be no space left. The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. Ali Mahmut Yilmaz Eren Bey Yunus Emre Mehmet Lobby Bar Lady Amina Servet Agha My brother Faruk Salih Sea Lady I would like to express my gratitude to all of them and some other staff whose names I cannot remember, and I congratulate the hotel management from the bottom of my heart for having these staff...👏👏👏👏 20. Yorum: The food was lovely, there were lots of activities, the sea was in the hotel area, and all the staff were very kind and helpful. The sea is very bad, wavy and dangerous. The food is excellent and very tasty and the entertainment and sea are first class. We had a room (2 adults plus 2 children) with bathroom and balcony with a beautiful sea view. The closest ones are Side and Sea Park (great), the rest are all-day excursions, hard to do with kids in this temperature. The water in the sea is warm and clean. Sun loungers are always available by the sea, near the pool only in the afternoon, as they are busy early in the morning. Overall, I highly recommend the hotel, the pools and the sea. Comfortable and clean apartment with views of the pools, palm trees and the sea. Wi-Fi internet access even by the sea. Yorum: I purchased a standard room with sea view from the ETS tour, but the room view I saw is attached.|I wrote a more detailed comment in the questionnaire provided by the ETS tour. The room has a great view of the sea and the hotel grounds. In short, you pay a lot for what you get, only the sea was beautiful the rest was terrible! The sea is clear but full of walnuts and stones the size of a fist. It is fun to jump off the pier and swim as the sea bottom looks clear and clean. Yorum: I did a lot of research before choosing the hotel and I'm glad I chose it. There are no lifeguards at all in the pools, water park and sea! There was no fence on the pier, and the child, who was descending the stairs leading to the sea, stumbled and fell from the high pier into the sea. The beach is rocky, but it is possible to enter the sea from the pier. One downside, but not the hotel's fault, is the cold water in the pools, even in the paddling pool (first week of October), so it's best to go in high season. The snack bar is great but has no seating if you don't get there early. Our room had a sea view. There is a drain pipe for the canal into the sea right next to the dock. Wonderful sea water, the only minus, although it was not a nuisance for us, is the stone beach, I recommend special slippers. The water in the sea is warmer than in July and August in the Baltic Sea. Sea - sandy beach. The entrance to the sea is sandy and practically rocky. There is a pier so it makes sense to enter the sea from there, it is difficult to enter the sea from the beach because of the waves, I think the pier stairs also need maintenance, let's report to the authorities here. Only on the last day the waves dropped a bit and I was able to go into the depths immediately.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.6
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 77
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: One small negative is the elevators, some of which were blocked during our stay, especially since we were using a stroller, and there was a bit of a wait to get to the room or downstairs. Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. It is a beautiful, well maintained hotel with lovely staff who are like a big family. Yorum: I am in the hotel now, we came to the hotel as a family and we are very happy with everything, especially the staff, they are all smiling, loyal and helpful, they all work with dedication as if it was their own hotel. Our family rating is 5+.|| We will definitely be back. Yorum: We stayed with my family between September 21 and 29. I have always somehow managed to find a sun lounger for my family of 4, but it has not been easy. For a large family, one envoy will only receive two 500ml bottles. The dispensers have 200ml cups, which is annoying for a larger family. A hotel where you can stay with your family and have a great time, I recommend it in every way. Yorum: Excellent hotel, all family members stayed here for the first time. It is a complete family hotel. Yorum: Our whole family spent a vacation here in the second half of July. If you are looking for a family vacation this is the place for you. Yorum: We had a vacation with my family in August and we loved it very much. It is a very good hotel in terms of quality and performance and very affordable in terms of price, it is a complete family hotel, the children's activities are excellent, and we as adults did not get bored either. Yorum: Great family hotel! Yorum: I went to many hotels in Alanya with my family, but this was the best so far. It is advertised as a family holiday hotel but as a family of 14 who visited, we can happily agree that this is not the case. We felt very unsafe staying there so we had to squeeze into our family members rooms overnight until the issue was resolved. Yorum: The holidays were very successful, and the whole family was happy. Yorum: Overall, a successful holiday for a 2+2 family. Female customers, so they exclude men if you go with men or as a family, I do not recommend it, do not go, look elsewhere. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful and very family friendly. The rooms are okay, but they crammed four of my family into a small room that should only fit three people at most. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. The higher level comfortable rooms are large and suitable for a family of 4. The hotel is family friendly and offers plenty of activities for both children and adults to do. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. The sea reaches you at a height of 2 meters and the beach is rocky but the stones do not bother you much, it is just very wavy, so the sea is a problem for families with children, my children did not swim in the sea. Yorum: Hello, We stayed for 5 nights with 2 adults and 2 children aged 14 and 11 years. There are indoor and outdoor playgrounds for children. The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. It is very good for children. Yorum: A great place for families with children. I recommend it for families with children and also for couples without children. Every day in the hotel there is a festive evening and various shows - it's great, during the day there are also attractions like a foam party or various competitions, in the evening there is a party for everyone until 11 pm, then adults can go to a children's disco. Families with children can come with peace of mind, as the food selection is wide, and breakfast and dinner satisfy all tastes. There is a separate menu for children, so you don't have to run and choose, because everything for them is in one place (well, except for pancakes :-) 5. Children/Entertainment: There is a club where you can leave your child under supervision from 10:00 to 12:30 and then from 14:00 to 17:30, where children can enjoy games, fun, drawing, exercise classes, biscuit baking, etc. Overall, I can recommend this hotel, especially for families with children but also for couples, because there is something to do and you will not get bored. We had a room (2 adults plus 2 children) with bathroom and balcony with a beautiful sea view. They are always smiling, happy and chatty with children and guests. Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. I recommend the hotel with a clear conscience to families with children ;) I hope to return there one day 😍 46. Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. The hotel is ideal for families with children and more. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children and adults. Yorum: We rested with a mother and her three children. The children are happy. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with one adult and two children. It is a very good hotel in terms of quality and performance and very affordable in terms of price, it is a complete family hotel, the children's activities are excellent, and we as adults did not get bored either. Our room is big and beautiful and the room is very clean, children are especially happy when there are different shapes made of towels on the bed, there are shower gels, shampoos and fridges with drinks for adults and children. We have breakfast and dinner in the main restaurant, which is very delicious, and every day there is a new original menu and a variety of dishes that will please both children and adults. Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. Short slide and train program for children. For me, the biggest minus is the fact that the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, there is simply nowhere to go, or a bus that will take you to a nearby city in an hour, but with children it is already known that in the heat it is a big trip. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. If you have children, there are also park areas and drawing workshops designed especially for them. The mini club for kids is a lot of fun, there are separate playmates too, as far as I noticed, although our child doesn't quite understand because he is young, children aged 4.5 and up can have a lot of fun. The meals in the children's section were suitable for ages 4.5 years and up. The soup in the children's section was the same for 4 days, and the soup for the other adults was too salty. I recommend it for families with children. Plenty of entertainment throughout the day and evening for children and adults. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. Children's attractions are very well organized, and the kids did not get bored. In addition, the hotel has a lot of attractions for children - a mini club at the highest level. We are currently finishing our stay at this facility and I can honestly recommend it to both families with children and couples. Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides. The hotel is family friendly and offers plenty of activities for both children and adults to do. A good place to relax for families with children, young people and others. I liked the work of the maids, they cleaned the rooms well and tidy, a lot of attention was paid to the children, the pool, and also a lot of active activities, working as a waiter was a bit disappointing, because I did not get any cocktail or beautifully decorated drink at one point, when a child bruised his arm while going to the room. || Negative: |- Always the same food |- The staff at the reception are not very friendly |- There are too many children (so if you are looking for peace and quiet, you should not come here |- Not centrally located, no shopping opportunities … 116. It is ideal for families with children. If you have children and go to the beach at 8, you must take water from the hotel.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 9.1
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 10
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: We have stayed at Mukarnas Hotel for 10 days now, great hotel with lots of offers, good cocktails, clean rooms and nice staff.|The kids took part in activities at Mini Club every day, there is a weekly programme, my son especially enjoyed the bubble party. Every day in the hotel there is a festive evening and various shows - it's great, during the day there are also attractions like a foam party or various competitions, in the evening there is a party for everyone until 11 pm, then adults can go to a children's disco. We also had a beer party and a foam party... If I were to look for negatives, I would point out the poor sound insulation in the rooms, you can hear party goers coming back at night :) 44. Also, the animation team by the pool is constantly playing loud music and making announcements constantly, we warned them 3 times that the music was too loud, but after 2 minutes it became clear again that it is impossible to relax our minds in this hotel. Overall, we couldn't rest much, and the biggest reason for that was the animation team and their constant music streaming, and the performance could have been different. (The hotel staff encourage you to have a good time) plus the music is very loud (it didn't bother me). Annoying music is played all day, mostly Turkish. In the evening, Polish music was played in the bar, discouraging any desire to dance. The bartenders in the lobby Farkut, the receptionists Mustafa and Rustam, the manager Valentina, the animators, the DJ, a real team that creates positivity and mood for everything💯.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 5.6
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 8
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: We have been to Mukarnas Spa Resort several times now. Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. We went to the spa, everyone loved it: the bath, the massage was great. Spa, 30 euros for a basic massage. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. Lots of attractions for adults, including a water park, 3 saunas, a jacuzzi, a large indoor pool and much more. Lots of attractions for adults, including a water park, 3 saunas, a jacuzzi, a large indoor pool and much more.

Özel Menü için rating: 9.5
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. The food is delicious, the portion is large and the service during the meals is great! Great variety of food for lunch and evening meals, lovely pool, friendly and helpful staff, variety of things to do. Numerous bars and restaurants offer a variety of meals and drinks, so nothing is missing. The meals in the children's section were suitable for ages 4.5 years and up. It is very clean, the meals are varied and delicious. Delicious meals, large selection, no monotonous flavors, no fighting over tables or plates.

Spor Alanları için rating: 5.0
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: There are occasional attractions near the large pools such as Zumba, Fitness, Dart, etc. Playground, park (open only twice a day for 45 minutes), football and basketball court, kids club (was a bit boring), table tennis. Playground, park (open only twice a day for 45 minutes), football and basketball court, kids club (was a bit boring), table tennis.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 10.0
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: I recommend it for families with children and also for couples without children. Overall, I can recommend this hotel, especially for families with children but also for couples, because there is something to do and you will not get bored. We are currently finishing our stay at this facility and I can honestly recommend it to both families with children and couples.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 10.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. Private beach with sun loungers and a bar for free drinks.

Dalış için rating: 9.3
Dalış için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Dalış için tüm sonuçlar metni: The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 10.0
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Best Showman Serhat - The evening shows he hosted were so much fun.

