Otel İsmi: Orka Royal Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 7.4
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 238
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The service was terrible, the staff was rude and uncaring. I disagree with other guests' impressions that the staff was unfriendly. My wife Lyndsay and I have been there 10 times and the staff are amazing, BÜLENT has to be mentioned, nothing is too much trouble for anyone there... My baby and I were exhausted and when I asked the staff why it was taking so long they gave me vague excuses like the room wasn't ready or there were technical issues. Throughout this ordeal the staff have been condescending, unhelpful and downright rude. From the moment I arrived the staff displayed an appalling lack of professionalism and courtesy. When I brought this to the attention of the staff, they assured me that they would move me to a better room the next day. Instead of resolving issues the staff was condescending and rude. Poor service, dishonest staff and complete lack of care for their guests made this an incredibly disappointing experience. Each staff member has their own rules and one says he can't call a taxi while the other says he can come and get a taxi whenever he wants during his shift. Unwelcoming staff who speak rudely. I personally found my room open and the staff refused to even check the camera footage to see who entered. Comment: Very kind staff. Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. Friendly staff. Comment: Service staff is very nice and friendly, especially the service! The staff Samet and Fevzi are very kind and friendly. Comment: Very good hotel experience, highly recommended, super welcoming staff, close to everything, nothing to say, no negative points 20. The staff has an arrogant attitude and the whole thing was a nightmare. The staff is generally cold, but Samet and Şehmus' attention, smiling faces and kind behavior made us feel more comfortable at the hotel. The staff was friendly and the bathrooms were very luxurious and clean. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. Use the local Istanbul card to travel as it works on If you have any issues while you are at the hotel, speak to the staff as everything is negotiable. Comment: Good location but tourist trap staff, very small rooms for the price and a dirty/poorly maintained swimming pool for £40. Otherwise the staff was good. Staff service and everything else in the hotel was very good. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel, the staff is unpleasant, the rooms are very small, not very clean and the worst part is the swimming pool which closes at 18:00 due to the disgust of the receptionist's behavior. Comment: Definitely the best hotel I have ever stayed in, I felt really welcomed here and well received by the staff. The night staff working were very kind, I have never felt like this before but they are a really good group and very good service. The night staff working at the reception are Samet and the old man. Definitely something I will book here for the night staff only thing working next time! It was very comfortable and pleasant to be there, the staff was very attentive and polite, always ready to help. Everything is perfect and the staff is very friendly... Comment: A great hotel, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, the rooms are quite good and the breakfast buffet is very diverse, it is also very close to the metro station, buses, the Bosphorus, and also close to Sultanahmet and Laleli by tram. We were on the first floor, no bedbugs, rooms very nice, cleaned every day, attentive staff, very friendly. Comment: Location is perfect, close to services and breakfast service is excellent Staff is great and friendly, but the downside is that the rooms are very small like other rooms in Istanbul. The staff is very friendly and whatever... And finally the hotel was invaded by THORACIES without any reaction from the staff. Beyond friendly staff, clean rooms and a delicious breakfast. When I brought this discrepancy to the attention of your staff and showed them the confirmation email with screenshots clearly stating the details of my reservation, I was met with an uncaring response claiming that the hotel had sold out of the specified room type. Instead of immediately addressing our concerns and offering a proper solution, your staff reluctantly gave us keys to two separate rooms after I insisted on compensation. I must also express my disappointment with the unprofessional behavior of your staff, especially their attempt to discourage guests from sharing their honest feedback through reviews. Friendly reception staff, on the other hand 3. No one on staff speaks Spanish and sometimes they are unwilling to explain themselves in English either. Pretty pleasant staff. Attentive and available staff. The staff is friendly. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. The staff is very kind and thoughtful. The staff are extremely kind and helpful, making you feel welcome from start to finish. The reception staff was unpleasant as if we were staying for free, they left one slipper in the room, I went to ask for a second pair of slippers if possible and a pair for my husband, as if I asked them to take it. The staff were very welcoming, the room was large and comfortable, and the breakfast had many options. Everything is clean and the staff is super professional. The staff is very friendly, I definitely recommend it. Comment: Location close to everything, clean, comfortable, great staff. Even if you had a problem, it was resolved in a very short time thanks to the extremely friendly staff. The staff is confused and doesn't know how to help you. The cleaning staff used my credit card and tried to withdraw all my money from my bank account. Review: Super great hotel, very clean and staff very friendly.......❣️❣️❣️👌👌👌 118. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. Even though I never agreed to pay extra, I found myself paying this amount because the staff could not find any solution. When I informed the staff about the situation, they said there was nothing they could do and that the person with motor impairment had to climb 6 floors because no other solution could be found. When I notified the staff they said everyone in the hotel had their water cut off and they couldn't do anything. When I asked the staff to call a manager I was denied and told the manager was not there. And finally, when I asked for an invoice at the hotel as proof that I had paid the taxi fare in advance, the staff rejected it. Comment: Recently renovated hotel only superficially as many rooms remain neglected, showers, walls, old furniture, a lot of rust everywhere, silicone shower fungus, friendly staff 133. Comment: Terrible staff, windowless room, parking in the mud for a special fee, gym is good but only in the picture. From the staff only the manager, the chef, the butler in the "spa" are good, the rest are disaster, rude! Comment: Very poor in terms of staff, bad attitudes, small rooms, very poor lighting. Comment: Everything is clean and tidy I didn't like the variety in the breakfast very much The staff is very respectful and kind Especially SEYHMUS and SAMET The rooms are a bit small My reservation was 14 square meters Those who book for two people, not more than 146. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 151. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 152. I did not expect this hotel management and staff to open the room outside of the usual morning cleaning time with such rude attitude. The hotel looks nice and luxurious but the name is the staff! Numerous arguments between guests and staff were seen getting violent at the hotel. Comment: The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and nice but the room I stayed in was a bit tight for three people. Nice hotel rooms and staff. Comment: The staff here is rude. The hotel staff is very hospitable, I cannot understand how this hotel got 4 stars. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff, who took our luggage and carried it to our room. During our lunch the staff changed and we had to re-explain that the meal was included in the full board.² Instead of a normal sized pool on the terrace there was a splash pool surrounded by tables and people smoking. The staff are friendly and professional, but they don't always speak English. The view from our rooms wasn't great so if needed talk to the staff to get moved. Comment: Very attentive staff. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff is friendly, the rooms and bathrooms are sparkling clean, our beds and pillows are spotlessly clean and do not smell, the breakfast is clean and delicious. The staff at the reception were very rude and intimidating, especially two people like Yasin and Charmane who lied to us multiple times about being managers when I asked to speak to a manager. Comment: Staff is not friendly. Comment: Breakfast was excellent, staff very friendly, we requested a free room upgrade. Wonderful and welcoming staff, most professional and attentive. Breakfast is very poor, with little variety and staff that doesn't really care about the room. They need to work on customer service, especially communication. Friendly staff. Beyond friendly staff, clean rooms and a delicious breakfast. Even if you had a problem, it was resolved in a very short time thanks to the extremely friendly staff. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. Comment: Recently renovated hotel only superficially as many rooms remain neglected, showers, walls, old furniture, a lot of rust everywhere, silicone shower fungus, friendly staff 133. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff, who took our luggage and carried it to our room. Throughout this ordeal the staff have been condescending, unhelpful and downright rude. Not only were they unhelpful, but they also lied about several things throughout my stay. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. Comment: A great hotel, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, the rooms are quite good and the breakfast buffet is very diverse, it is also very close to the metro station, buses, the Bosphorus, and also close to Sultanahmet and Laleli by tram. Comment: One of the worst hotels They don't give water bottles, you have to pay for water The receptionist is not helpful at all and rude My room was 109 It should only be rated with 2 stars The room is small and expensive In front of me some gave very high prices, some gave less because they made their reservations from a tourism company. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. Comment: The best part of our stay at the hotel was how helpful, respectful and kind Mr. The staff are extremely kind and helpful, making you feel welcome from start to finish. A traditional Turkish bath, body scrub and a very very wonderful massage (Dina & Ayumi) had very wonderful massages and the owner Kemal was very friendly and helpful! Comment: The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and nice but the room I stayed in was a bit tight for three people. The service was terrible, the staff was rude and uncaring. I disagree with other guests' impressions that the staff was unfriendly. My wife Lyndsay and I have been there 10 times and the staff are amazing, BÜLENT has to be mentioned, nothing is too much trouble for anyone there... My baby and I were exhausted and when I asked the staff why it was taking so long they gave me vague excuses like the room wasn't ready or there were technical issues. Throughout this ordeal the staff have been condescending, unhelpful and downright rude. From the moment I arrived the staff displayed an appalling lack of professionalism and courtesy. When I brought this to the attention of the staff, they assured me that they would move me to a better room the next day. Instead of resolving issues the staff was condescending and rude. Poor service, dishonest staff and complete lack of care for their guests made this an incredibly disappointing experience. Each staff member has their own rules and one says he can't call a taxi while the other says he can come and get a taxi whenever he wants during his shift. Unwelcoming staff who speak rudely. I personally found my room open and the staff refused to even check the camera footage to see who entered. Comment: Very kind staff. Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. Friendly staff. Comment: Service staff is very nice and friendly, especially the service! The staff Samet and Fevzi are very kind and friendly. Comment: Very good hotel experience, highly recommended, super welcoming staff, close to everything, nothing to say, no negative points 20. The staff has an arrogant attitude and the whole thing was a nightmare. The staff is generally cold, but Samet and Şehmus' attention, smiling faces and kind behavior made us feel more comfortable at the hotel. The staff was friendly and the bathrooms were very luxurious and clean. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. Use the local Istanbul card to travel as it works on If you have any issues while you are at the hotel, speak to the staff as everything is negotiable. Comment: Good location but tourist trap staff, very small rooms for the price and a dirty/poorly maintained swimming pool for £40. Otherwise the staff was good. Staff service and everything else in the hotel was very good. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel, the staff is unpleasant, the rooms are very small, not very clean and the worst part is the swimming pool which closes at 18:00 due to the disgust of the receptionist's behavior. Comment: Definitely the best hotel I have ever stayed in, I felt really welcomed here and well received by the staff. The night staff working were very kind, I have never felt like this before but they are a really good group and very good service. The night staff working at the reception are Samet and the old man. Definitely something I will book here for the night staff only thing working next time! It was very comfortable and pleasant to be there, the staff was very attentive and polite, always ready to help. Everything is perfect and the staff is very friendly... Comment: A great hotel, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, the rooms are quite good and the breakfast buffet is very diverse, it is also very close to the metro station, buses, the Bosphorus, and also close to Sultanahmet and Laleli by tram. We were on the first floor, no bedbugs, rooms very nice, cleaned every day, attentive staff, very friendly. Comment: Location is perfect, close to services and breakfast service is excellent Staff is great and friendly, but the downside is that the rooms are very small like other rooms in Istanbul. The staff is very friendly and whatever... And finally the hotel was invaded by THORACIES without any reaction from the staff. Beyond friendly staff, clean rooms and a delicious breakfast. When I brought this discrepancy to the attention of your staff and showed them the confirmation email with screenshots clearly stating the details of my reservation, I was met with an uncaring response claiming that the hotel had sold out of the specified room type. Instead of immediately addressing our concerns and offering a proper solution, your staff reluctantly gave us keys to two separate rooms after I insisted on compensation. I must also express my disappointment with the unprofessional behavior of your staff, especially their attempt to discourage guests from sharing their honest feedback through reviews. Friendly reception staff, on the other hand 3. No one on staff speaks Spanish and sometimes they are unwilling to explain themselves in English either. Pretty pleasant staff. Attentive and available staff. The staff is friendly. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. The staff is very kind and thoughtful. The staff are extremely kind and helpful, making you feel welcome from start to finish. The reception staff was unpleasant as if we were staying for free, they left one slipper in the room, I went to ask for a second pair of slippers if possible and a pair for my husband, as if I asked them to take it. The staff were very welcoming, the room was large and comfortable, and the breakfast had many options. Everything is clean and the staff is super professional. The staff is very friendly, I definitely recommend it. Comment: Location close to everything, clean, comfortable, great staff. Even if you had a problem, it was resolved in a very short time thanks to the extremely friendly staff. The staff is confused and doesn't know how to help you. The cleaning staff used my credit card and tried to withdraw all my money from my bank account. Review: Super great hotel, very clean and staff very friendly.......❣️❣️❣️👌👌👌 118. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. Even though I never agreed to pay extra, I found myself paying this amount because the staff could not find any solution. When I informed the staff about the situation, they said there was nothing they could do and that the person with motor impairment had to climb 6 floors because no other solution could be found. When I notified the staff they said everyone in the hotel had their water cut off and they couldn't do anything. When I asked the staff to call a manager I was denied and told the manager was not there. And finally, when I asked for an invoice at the hotel as proof that I had paid the taxi fare in advance, the staff rejected it. Comment: Recently renovated hotel only superficially as many rooms remain neglected, showers, walls, old furniture, a lot of rust everywhere, silicone shower fungus, friendly staff 133. Comment: Terrible staff, windowless room, parking in the mud for a special fee, gym is good but only in the picture. From the staff only the manager, the chef, the butler in the "spa" are good, the rest are disaster, rude! Comment: Very poor in terms of staff, bad attitudes, small rooms, very poor lighting. Comment: Everything is clean and tidy I didn't like the variety in the breakfast very much The staff is very respectful and kind Especially SEYHMUS and SAMET The rooms are a bit small My reservation was 14 square meters Those who book for two people, not more than 146. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 151. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 152. I did not expect this hotel management and staff to open the room outside of the usual morning cleaning time with such rude attitude. The hotel looks nice and luxurious but the name is the staff! Numerous arguments between guests and staff were seen getting violent at the hotel. Comment: The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and nice but the room I stayed in was a bit tight for three people. Nice hotel rooms and staff. Comment: The staff here is rude. The hotel staff is very hospitable, I cannot understand how this hotel got 4 stars. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff, who took our luggage and carried it to our room. During our lunch the staff changed and we had to re-explain that the meal was included in the full board.² Instead of a normal sized pool on the terrace there was a splash pool surrounded by tables and people smoking. The staff are friendly and professional, but they don't always speak English. The view from our rooms wasn't great so if needed talk to the staff to get moved. Comment: Very attentive staff. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff is friendly, the rooms and bathrooms are sparkling clean, our beds and pillows are spotlessly clean and do not smell, the breakfast is clean and delicious. The staff at the reception were very rude and intimidating, especially two people like Yasin and Charmane who lied to us multiple times about being managers when I asked to speak to a manager. Comment: Staff is not friendly. Comment: Breakfast was excellent, staff very friendly, we requested a free room upgrade. Wonderful and welcoming staff, most professional and attentive. Breakfast is very poor, with little variety and staff that doesn't really care about the room. The service was terrible, the staff was rude and uncaring. They were always at your service for any questions or situations. Poor service, dishonest staff and complete lack of care for their guests made this an incredibly disappointing experience. Comment: Very good service Clean rooms 14. Comment: Service staff is very nice and friendly, especially the service! But there is a big BUT The service is generally zero, we bought the tour through a tour operator, we paid everything 2 months in advance, we confirmed it for 3 adults. The service is good. They need to work on customer service, especially communication. Comment: Location is good, service is very average... Comment: Rooms are not serviced and that is not the best thing. Staff service and everything else in the hotel was very good. Only give 4 stars for services. The night staff working were very kind, I have never felt like this before but they are a really good group and very good service. The condition of the hotel/triple room was not very good, but reaching the hotel and being greeted with such a good and positive service was very good for me and made me feel at home. Comment: I am writing to state that I was extremely dissatisfied with the service I received during my previous stay at Orka Royal, I had 2 interconnected rooms, one had cockroaches and when we went for breakfast there were hairs in the tomatoes 5 times. Comment: Location is perfect, close to services and breakfast service is excellent Staff is great and friendly, but the downside is that the rooms are very small like other rooms in Istanbul. Comment: I am writing to express my extreme dissatisfaction with the service I received during my previous stay at Orka Royal. This experience has left me deeply disappointed and frustrated with the level of service and professionalism displayed by your hotel. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. Comment: Orka Royal Hotel shines with its exceptional service. Comment: A good hotel in a very good location, very bad terrace, outdoor swimming pool and hammam were not in service. Comment: A bottomless service! The service is disastrous and unprofessional. Comment: Service is terrible. Comment: Room was good, service was great but toilet 111 smells. Comment: Excellent location, close to train and tram station The ground on the way to reach it is flat The rooms are spacious Breakfast is very diverse and big Room service 7-10 Bathroom is good but ventilation fan is not working 117. Comment: Location 122 Not delicious, small selection, very bad service. Comment: Location 123 Not tasty, small selection, very bad service. Comment: I am very pleased with the hotel's service... It is close to all services and the street it is located on is very quiet and well serviced. Comment: Rude and inattentive service, poor breakfast. Comment: A clean, central and service-friendly hotel with reasonable prices and a good breakfast. Impeccable service and every detail carefully considered. Room service was daily and they did a great job. The service was very bad. It is offered as expensive and exclusive with spa and special services. I expressed my concerns and was not satisfied with the service I received.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.1
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 133
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: On the other hand the hotel was close to all transportation options, restaurants and everything. On the other hand the hotel was close to all transportation options, restaurants and everything. Comment: Close to public transport and above all a good hotel. Comment: Close to public transport and above all a good hotel. Each staff member has their own rules and one says he can't call a taxi while the other says he can come and get a taxi whenever he wants during his shift. In particular, there was a young man originally from Urfa who was present at breakfast and another employee originally from Mardin who accompanied us to the taxi on the day of departure. I was disappointed as I couldn't find the person there and had to take another taxi which asked me to pay an additional fee. And finally, when I asked for an invoice at the hotel as proof that I had paid the taxi fare in advance, the staff rejected it. You can order a transfer to any airport at the hotel with the reward you will receive on the street. We requested a car with a driver to go to the airport on the last day. Comment: As a mother traveling with my 1 year old, I expected basic respect and compliance, but instead I was met with lies, abuse, and endless waiting. There was construction going on outside the hotel which was unfortunate but considering the busyness of the area the hotel was surprisingly quiet. Because it is cheap and there are trams, ferries, buses etc. Comment: A great hotel, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, the rooms are quite good and the breakfast buffet is very diverse, it is also very close to the metro station, buses, the Bosphorus, and also close to Sultanahmet and Laleli by tram. As a visitor to Istanbul I expected to be treated with respect and honesty, however I feel your business is trying to take advantage of tourists by ignoring their confirmed reservations and offering substandard accommodation. Before booking you should check with the hotel manager which rooms are available (Top option = the best; cheaper - only if you are travelling alone or on business = maximum night stay). This makes us wonder about the cleanliness of the business in question. The hotel is located next to food streets, Tram station, port and Train station. Comment: Located opposite the historical Sirkeci train station, which is the destination of the famous Orient Express in Istanbul, this historical station is a must-visit place. Comment: Excellent location, close to train and tram station The ground on the way to reach it is flat The rooms are spacious Breakfast is very diverse and big Room service 7-10 Bathroom is good but ventilation fan is not working 117. The furniture is all old and Attention, they charged 40 euros for parking while the hotel stated 10 euros 💶(they wanted 40 per day) in the center the lights are often turned off and that was the case, it was impossible to stay in the heat, there was a generator, it was very noisy at night, it was impossible to sleep. The parking situation was a complete joke. Not only was it not free, it involved parking on a ramp of rocks and dust from a collapsed building. The room had the worst view (the parking lot was run down) and the French balcony was... Comment: Terrible staff, windowless room, parking in the mud for a special fee, gym is good but only in the picture. The hotel is modern, quiet, clean and in a great location. Sure the location is nice but you can't sleep at night and I have no idea how they got 4 stars. Comment: The hotel is not bad, in a quiet location, but not worthy of 4 *!||The hotel is in a quiet location, although the central area is noisy, which is a huge plus, then the rooms are very small, there is a strong smell of sewage, which is very bad... - I can't say anything good except that the location is good. Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. The location of the hotel is good. Comment: Location is great, close to all major attractions Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, Grand Bazaar, Restaurants, Shops, Tram Line/Stops and Ports.|The hotel itself was clean and tidy, breakfast was ok but not great and not much more… 15. Comment: The location is great, close to all major tourist attractions, Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, Grand Bazaar, Restaurants, Shops, Tram Lines/Stops and Ports. The location is great, if you like walking you can find places of interest around this hotel. Comment: The hotel stands out with its 2 swimming pools and Turkish bath, good location and wonderful terrace overlooking the Bosphorus. Comment: The location of the hotel is good, but the terrace is not accessible in the evening. Comment: V good location. Comment: The location is great, great for tourism in general, whether you're wandering around the markets or hopping on a boat. Comment: Good location but tourist trap staff, very small rooms for the price and a dirty/poorly maintained swimming pool for £40. Comment: Location is good, service is very average... The location is very good. Comment: Hotel with excellent location, 20 seconds from metro station, many restaurants, tram stop, ferry port, . The location is close to everywhere you can walk... I liked the location, it was close to the Sirkeci tram stop. Comment: I didn't really like the hotel - it seemed to have an ideal location and nice photos on the website, but it turned out that the rooms have poor soundproofing from the street (even with the windows fully closed). Among the advantages is the location - not far from there is the Marmaray station, a little further there are piers from which you can swim in the Bosphorus. Comment: Location is perfect, close to services and breakfast service is excellent Staff is great and friendly, but the downside is that the rooms are very small like other rooms in Istanbul. Only the location is great because it is close to Hagia Sophia, Sultanahmet Mosque and Sultanahmet Mosque. The location is perfect, you can walk to the top of Zlatni Rog and the tram station is 150 meters away. The location of the hotel is ideal. Comment: Only the location is good. Perfect location in the heart of Istanbul, away from the noise. I would recommend it if the location and there are no other options. Very friendly hotel, good location and a very pleasant and varied breakfast. Comment: Good location, good beds 83. Comment: Excellent location, good value for money 86. Comment: Location is great, breakfast is huge and extremely good quality, view is not that good, at least on the lower floors. The hotel's excellent location close to historical sites makes sightseeing a breeze. Comment: A good hotel in a very good location, very bad terrace, outdoor swimming pool and hammam were not in service. Comment: Very clean, friendly personal, good breakfast and fantastic location, very central. Comment: Room is good Poor breakfast Very good location 95. Comment: Location close to everything, clean, comfortable, great staff. Comment: The location is perfect, there were problems with room cleaning (they forgot to change the towels, change the teacups, change the bedspread), the breakfast is not very good, although it is diverse, there are really too many cheeses and sauces... Comment: Its main feature is the most convenient location to visit the whole of old Istanbul (Topkapi, Hagia Sophia, Sultanahmet Mosque, cistern, bazaar etc.) on foot. The only thing that saves this hotel is its location, but everything else doesn't make up for its shortcomings. Comment: The hotel has a very good location, close to everywhere on foot (Hagia Sophia, Sultanahmet Mosque etc.). Comment: The hotel is in a great location for getting around, the rooms are clean but you can hear all the noise from other rooms, they are not isolated at all. Comment: The location is good, 10 minutes walking distance to the Sultanahmet Mosque, 10 minutes by tram to the Galata Tower, there are 2 tram stops 3 minutes from the hotel. The location is perfect! Comment: Excellent location, close to train and tram station The ground on the way to reach it is flat The rooms are spacious Breakfast is very diverse and big Room service 7-10 Bathroom is good but ventilation fan is not working 117. Comment: Location 122 Not delicious, small selection, very bad service. Comment: Location 123 Not tasty, small selection, very bad service. Therefore, it is a first-class location. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. Comment: Excellent location for visiting the historical centre of Istanbul, excellent value for money. Comment: The main advantage of this hotel is its location! Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 151. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 152. Comment: Nice and clean and location is perfect 154. When I compare it to other places, the location is very good, it is very close to Topkapi, Gulhane, Ayasofya, Sultan Ahmet and Zemin Batan Cistern. The location was great, close to everything! Comment: I would say the location is good. The location is good, but that's about it. Comment: The hotel is in the best location and all tourist attractions are within walking distance. Comment: Its only advantage is its location. Affordable and convenient location surrounded by quality restaurants and the lively atmosphere of the old town. Comment: Central and convenient location to visit the city centre, but a bit old building with small rooms. Comment: The location is good, 10 minutes walking distance to the Sultanahmet Mosque, 10 minutes by tram to the Galata Tower, there are 2 tram stops 3 minutes from the hotel. Metro, restaurants, shopping areas and Sultanahmet Mosque are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel is in the best location and all tourist attractions are within walking distance. It is a 1-minute walk from the metro, about 5 minutes walk from the Spice Bazaar and within walking distance of other attractions. The hotel is located in a good spot that provides access to everything nearby, including historical sites and the Grand Bazaar, which is 10 to 15 minutes away. Given the unsatisfactory accommodation provided and the inconvenience caused to myself and my friends, I requested a refund so that we could seek alternative accommodation nearby. There are bars and fast food outlets nearby. Comment: The hotel is not bad, in a quiet location, but not worthy of 4 *!||The hotel is in a quiet location, although the central area is noisy, which is a huge plus, then the rooms are very small, there is a strong smell of sewage, which is very bad... The hotel is very centrally located, a 10-minute walk from the main attractions and very well connected by tram, metro and boat. Comment: Very clean, friendly personal, good breakfast and fantastic location, very central. Comment: The hotel is centrally located, close to the tram and all major tourist attractions. Comment: A clean, central and service-friendly hotel with reasonable prices and a good breakfast. Comment: Very good experience, very clean hotel, rooms are perfect with central air conditioning. Comment: Central and convenient location to visit the city centre, but a bit old building with small rooms. Comment: The location is good, 10 minutes walking distance to the Sultanahmet Mosque, 10 minutes by tram to the Galata Tower, there are 2 tram stops 3 minutes from the hotel. Metro, restaurants, shopping areas and Sultanahmet Mosque are within walking distance. Comment: The hotel is in the best location and all tourist attractions are within walking distance. It is a 1-minute walk from the metro, about 5 minutes walk from the Spice Bazaar and within walking distance of other attractions. Comment: The hotel is not bad, in a quiet location, but not worthy of 4 *!||The hotel is in a quiet location, although the central area is noisy, which is a huge plus, then the rooms are very small, there is a strong smell of sewage, which is very bad... There was construction going on outside the hotel which was unfortunate but considering the busyness of the area the hotel was surprisingly quiet. The area around the hotel was nothing like the pictures on the internet; it was dirty, unsafe and absolutely disgusting. There are cats around the kitchen dining area which is beyond unhealthy. The rooms are more like 3*, the wellness area is small but nice 90. The spa area is a joke. The spa area was the highlight for us. Comment: The area is great. Metro, restaurants, shopping areas and Sultanahmet Mosque are within walking distance. Despite slight mold on the connections in the shower area and dust in the ventilation, the cleanliness is very good. I will never return to this hotel and will strongly advise others to stay away from this place. Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. The location is great, if you like walking you can find places of interest around this hotel. If you are looking for cheeky and rude people, you have come to the right place! Comment: I placed my breakfasts very well again 25. |No place to store suitcases.. The receptionist “Ahmed” was very rude in resolving the issue and told us to take our money and go find another place at 3am! This place is a disaster. Comment: Positive (+): The positive side was that you could reach the most beautiful and important places on foot in a short time. Many touristic places such as the Grand Bazaar, Sultanahmet Mosque, Spice Bazaar and Bosphorus can be reached on foot in just a few minutes. Many touristic places such as the Grand Bazaar, Sultanahmet Mosque, Spice Bazaar and Bosphorus can be reached on foot in just a few minutes. Comment: Located opposite the historical Sirkeci train station, which is the destination of the famous Orient Express in Istanbul, this historical station is a must-visit place. I would love to visit this place again. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. We highly recommend this place and will definitely be back! They cannot replace shampoos, toilet paper and tea. We left because of the unhygienic conditions, the place was really too dirty for us, we did not receive compensation and therefore we paid for the nights we did not stay there. When I compare it to other places, the location is very good, it is very close to Topkapi, Gulhane, Ayasofya, Sultan Ahmet and Zemin Batan Cistern.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 6.3
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 82
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: During our lunch the staff changed and we had to re-explain that the meal was included in the full board.² Instead of a normal sized pool on the terrace there was a splash pool surrounded by tables and people smoking. great atmosphere and a beautiful rooftop pool. Swimming pool on the terrace and -1. The facilities are very good, rooftop swimming pool with stunning views over the Bosphorus, health club downstairs was also excellent, sauna, spa, Turkish bath. Comment: The hotel stands out with its 2 swimming pools and Turkish bath, good location and wonderful terrace overlooking the Bosphorus. And it has a rooftop pool and also a SPA. The only downside is that the SPA pool is a bit dirty. The small pool is enough to cool off. The pool on the second floor is very small, the water is cold, the pool is closed in the evenings. Only a 3 hour window.|Slow to bring clean towels to room|No pool towels.|Close outdoor pool at 6pm.. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. The water in the indoor swimming pool is extremely cloudy and appears to be barely chlorinated. The spa and swimming pools were good. Comment: Besides being dirty, the rooms were also very poorly maintained, the swimming pool was also dirty and poorly maintained. Comment: Good location but tourist trap staff, very small rooms for the price and a dirty/poorly maintained swimming pool for £40. The pool wasn't great either. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel, the staff is unpleasant, the rooms are very small, not very clean and the worst part is the swimming pool which closes at 18:00 due to the disgust of the receptionist's behavior. They do not inform us that the pool is closed because of renovations. The spa and swimming pool were fantastic and we will definitely be back next time we are in Istanbul.... The pool downstairs is great, very clean. The view is magnificent… And the pool.. The rooftop pool is amazing, not very big but super nice. Very good value for money for a well located hotel with an outdoor pool. Unfortunately the rooftop pool was not working. According to my brother, the hotel's pool, sauna and massage were very good. Swimming pool condemned... The spa is good, with a large Turkish bath, pool, jacuzzi and small sauna. The spa was excellent with a warm pool and a wonderful sauna. Comment: A good hotel in a very good location, very bad terrace, outdoor swimming pool and hammam were not in service. Spa side is too dirty for just a moment of relaxation, swimming pool is dirty changing room, Turkish bath is very poorly maintained, a big disappointment. We used the Turkish bath, sauna and small indoor swimming pool which were quiet and peaceful. A small sauna, a small steam bath and probably a small pool of 5x3 meters. The pool and jacuzzi had cold water and the latter did not turn on. The water in the pool is cold. The spa and gym were very reviewable and the much advertised rooftop pool was not accessible. Two swimming pools (in the basement and on the terrace). breakfast is varied, pool is small but water is warm and clean, rooms are small but clean... It has two elevators, sauna, massage center and swimming pool. The pool had mold and was freezing cold and the hot tub didn't work either. Buffet breakfast, bar and rooftop swimming pool with stunning views of the city. During our lunch the staff changed and we had to re-explain that the meal was included in the full board.² Instead of a normal sized pool on the terrace there was a splash pool surrounded by tables and people smoking. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. The pools lead into a normal-sized pool, the Tischen and the Rauchenden towards the Planschbecken Terrasse. The spa has a wide range of facilities including a small pool, a whirlpool, a hammam and a sauna. There is a roof terrace with a pool, but it was not in use when we visited. There is a gym, spa and indoor swimming pool. The pool on the second floor is very small, the water is cold, the pool is closed in the evenings. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. The water in the indoor swimming pool is extremely cloudy and appears to be barely chlorinated. hotel room size is good, comfortable enough, bath room nice and clean, strong hot water in the shower, Check in nice and fast. Comment: One of the worst hotels They don't give water bottles, you have to pay for water The receptionist is not helpful at all and rude My room was 109 It should only be rated with 2 stars The room is small and expensive In front of me some gave very high prices, some gave less because they made their reservations from a tourism company. 411, water was flowing in it. Water damage in several rooms!!! Our room on the first floor with a balcony had a beautiful view of the water. Close to the water and easy access to ferries that will take you to the Asian side. The pool and jacuzzi had cold water and the latter did not turn on. The water in the pool is cold. Comment: The hotel does not deserve a star, the furniture is old and worn out, you cannot sleep with noise, water and electricity problems are off, air conditioners work every other day, I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!! The rooms are clean and come with bottled water, coffee, tea and a wireless kettle. Fifth, I had no access to water, so it was impossible for me to shower or use the toilet. When I notified the staff they said everyone in the hotel had their water cut off and they couldn't do anything. Comment: The spa section is very good, but when some bears enter the sauna with 6 people in their long johns and empty a whole bucket of water, the taste is gone. breakfast is varied, pool is small but water is warm and clean, rooms are small but clean... Water is free on the first day only. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. Swimming pool on the terrace and -1. The facilities are very good, rooftop swimming pool with stunning views over the Bosphorus, health club downstairs was also excellent, sauna, spa, Turkish bath. Comment: The hotel stands out with its 2 swimming pools and Turkish bath, good location and wonderful terrace overlooking the Bosphorus. The water in the indoor swimming pool is extremely cloudy and appears to be barely chlorinated. The spa and swimming pools were good. Comment: Besides being dirty, the rooms were also very poorly maintained, the swimming pool was also dirty and poorly maintained. Comment: Good location but tourist trap staff, very small rooms for the price and a dirty/poorly maintained swimming pool for £40. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel, the staff is unpleasant, the rooms are very small, not very clean and the worst part is the swimming pool which closes at 18:00 due to the disgust of the receptionist's behavior. The spa and swimming pool were fantastic and we will definitely be back next time we are in Istanbul.... Swimming pool condemned... Comment: A good hotel in a very good location, very bad terrace, outdoor swimming pool and hammam were not in service. Spa side is too dirty for just a moment of relaxation, swimming pool is dirty changing room, Turkish bath is very poorly maintained, a big disappointment. We used the Turkish bath, sauna and small indoor swimming pool which were quiet and peaceful. Two swimming pools (in the basement and on the terrace). It has two elevators, sauna, massage center and swimming pool. Buffet breakfast, bar and rooftop swimming pool with stunning views of the city. There is a gym, spa and indoor swimming pool.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 8.0
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 72
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: New room 511, of questionable cleanliness and with curtains that do not block out light, see photos. The third room was acceptable in terms of size and background noise, but cleanliness also left much to be desired. This makes us wonder about the cleanliness of the business in question. The breakfast buffet ranges from sweet to salty, the only negative thing is the cleanliness of the rooms, superficially clean. Despite slight mold on the connections in the shower area and dust in the ventilation, the cleanliness is very good. Hygiene is good. Comment: The hotel is very bad the room is small the bathroom is also small the breakfast is so so and the coffee is terrible and the hygiene leaves much to be desired we are super disappointed the cleaning lady only makes the beds and vacuums a little in short she does not clean the bathroom 78. The room is very small and has very limited hygiene. But at the same time, unfortunately, there was no certain hygiene. The hotel is modern, quiet, clean and in a great location. Reasons for this: - The room was never really clean. Comment: Very good service Clean rooms 14. Comment: Location is great, close to all major attractions Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, Grand Bazaar, Restaurants, Shops, Tram Line/Stops and Ports.|The hotel itself was clean and tidy, breakfast was ok but not great and not much more… 15. The hotel itself was clean and tidy, the breakfast was ok but not great and could be much improved. The rooms were cleaned, beds made and fresh towels provided every day. The room was very comfortable and spacious, and was cleaned well every day. The towels and sheets were clean. We saw that it was cleaned in the morning 🙈 The construction site and the sea view are visible. Only a 3 hour window.|Slow to bring clean towels to room|No pool towels.|Close outdoor pool at 6pm.. Comment: The hotel is clean, well maintained and has good air conditioning. The staff was friendly and the bathrooms were very luxurious and clean. The hotel was clean and well-maintained. We requested a room with a balcony but the cleaning was not good. The cleaning lady never cleaned properly, she just made the bed. The hotel needs to find a new cleaner as soon as possible. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel, the staff is unpleasant, the rooms are very small, not very clean and the worst part is the swimming pool which closes at 18:00 due to the disgust of the receptionist's behavior. hotel room size is good, comfortable enough, bath room nice and clean, strong hot water in the shower, Check in nice and fast. The pool downstairs is great, very clean. The rooms were always perfectly cleaned. We were on the first floor, no bedbugs, rooms very nice, cleaned every day, attentive staff, very friendly. The rooms are very clean and the hotel is very nice. New room 511, of questionable cleanliness and with curtains that do not block out light, see photos. I would also like a little more cleaning. Also daily cleaning and equipment (blankets, bed etc.) Also the first night we were given the wrong room (a double bed was given instead of two single beds). Beyond friendly staff, clean rooms and a delicious breakfast. The woman who cleans the floor is very inconsiderate. She asked me if she needed to clean my room today too... Comment: The hotel is very bad the room is small the bathroom is also small the breakfast is so so and the coffee is terrible and the hygiene leaves much to be desired we are super disappointed the cleaning lady only makes the beds and vacuums a little in short she does not clean the bathroom 78. Comment: Small but clean standard room and a hotel with a comfortable bed despite being 140 cm tall. Comment: Very nice and clean hotel. Comment: Very clean, friendly personal, good breakfast and fantastic location, very central. Everything is clean and the staff is super professional. The third room was acceptable in terms of size and background noise, but cleanliness also left much to be desired. So I was promised a new meal and my plate was cleaned. The rooms were cleaned every day, breakfast was included, and the internet worked without interruption. Comment: Location close to everything, clean, comfortable, great staff. Comment: The location is perfect, there were problems with room cleaning (they forgot to change the towels, change the teacups, change the bedspread), the breakfast is not very good, although it is diverse, there are really too many cheeses and sauces... However there were no towels and it is doubtful whether any cleaning had been done prior to arrival. Clean and great breakfast selection. Comment: The hotel is in a great location for getting around, the rooms are clean but you can hear all the noise from other rooms, they are not isolated at all. Hotel cleaners are thieves, they stole my things. The cleaning staff used my credit card and tried to withdraw all my money from my bank account. Comment: Nice hotel, clean, beautiful, good breakfast. Clean the hot tub. The rooms are clean and come with bottled water, coffee, tea and a wireless kettle. Review: Super great hotel, very clean and staff very friendly.......❣️❣️❣️👌👌👌 118. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. Clean 127. There is constant noise, as the windows are poorly insulated, but at the same time the facilities are not worthy of a four-star hotel, cleaning equipment and laundry carts located in the corridors, inaccessible terrace and bed in the access hall of the corridor. This makes us wonder about the cleanliness of the business in question. breakfast is varied, pool is small but water is warm and clean, rooms are small but clean... The breakfast buffet ranges from sweet to salty, the only negative thing is the cleanliness of the rooms, superficially clean. Comment: A clean, central and service-friendly hotel with reasonable prices and a good breakfast. Comment: Everything is clean and tidy I didn't like the variety in the breakfast very much The staff is very respectful and kind Especially SEYHMUS and SAMET The rooms are a bit small My reservation was 14 square meters Those who book for two people, not more than 146. I did not expect this hotel management and staff to open the room outside of the usual morning cleaning time with such rude attitude. Comment: Nice and clean and location is perfect 154. Comment: The hotel did not clean our rooms properly and did not sweep or mop our room for 5 days. After we stated that we wanted to leave, they apologized and asked for the room to be cleaned. Comment: Very good experience, very clean hotel, rooms are perfect with central air conditioning. Comment: The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and nice but the room I stayed in was a bit tight for three people. Despite slight mold on the connections in the shower area and dust in the ventilation, the cleanliness is very good. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff is friendly, the rooms and bathrooms are sparkling clean, our beds and pillows are spotlessly clean and do not smell, the breakfast is clean and delicious.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 8.6
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 67
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: We used the spa once. building with a full spa on the first floor. The only downside is that the SPA pool is a bit dirty. Review: Booking Orka Royal Hotel & Spa for a week. The spa and swimming pools were good. The spa and swimming pool were fantastic and we will definitely be back next time we are in Istanbul.... Review: My wife and I stayed at the Orka Royal Hotel & Spa for the second part of our 7-day trip to Istanbul and it was a complete nightmare. If you value your health, safety and sanity, avoid Orka Royal Hotel & Spa at all costs. The spa is good, with a large Turkish bath, pool, jacuzzi and small sauna. Comment: The hotel is excellent, there are good Spa procedures and qualified specialists. The spa was excellent with a warm pool and a wonderful sauna. The spa area is a joke. The spa is small. The spa area was the highlight for us. The spa and gym were very reviewable and the much advertised rooftop pool was not accessible. Comment: The spa section is very good, but when some bears enter the sauna with 6 people in their long johns and empty a whole bucket of water, the taste is gone. Comment: I want to say "Thank you very much" for the nice time spent with my boyfriend in this hotel in December in the VIP SPA room: couple massage, hammam, sauna and jacuzzi. Comment: We were only in the Spa Massage section! It is offered as expensive and exclusive with spa and special services. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. This is very special and exclusive with its Spa and private Dienstleistungen. The spa has a wide range of facilities including a small pool, a whirlpool, a hammam and a sauna. There is a gym, spa and indoor swimming pool. The rooms are more like 3*, the wellness area is small but nice 90. The massage was outstanding 10. According to my brother, the hotel's pool, sauna and massage were very good. Free entrance to the upper hammam, including massage and scrub for an additional fee. Spa, massage at the hotel. Comment: For a good massage the hotel itself is normal 119. Comment: I want to say "Thank you very much" for the nice time spent with my boyfriend in this hotel in December in the VIP SPA room: couple massage, hammam, sauna and jacuzzi. The massage was amazing, thank you so much to the ladies who did it for us, we were in heaven. It has two elevators, sauna, massage center and swimming pool. Comment: We were only in the Spa Massage section! A traditional Turkish bath, body scrub and a very very wonderful massage (Dina & Ayumi) had very wonderful massages and the owner Kemal was very friendly and helpful! The facilities are very good, rooftop swimming pool with stunning views over the Bosphorus, health club downstairs was also excellent, sauna, spa, Turkish bath. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. The sauna is pretty good. According to my brother, the hotel's pool, sauna and massage were very good. The spa is good, with a large Turkish bath, pool, jacuzzi and small sauna. The spa was excellent with a warm pool and a wonderful sauna. We used the Turkish bath, sauna and small indoor swimming pool which were quiet and peaceful. A small sauna, a small steam bath and probably a small pool of 5x3 meters. Comment: The spa section is very good, but when some bears enter the sauna with 6 people in their long johns and empty a whole bucket of water, the taste is gone. Comment: I want to say "Thank you very much" for the nice time spent with my boyfriend in this hotel in December in the VIP SPA room: couple massage, hammam, sauna and jacuzzi. It has two elevators, sauna, massage center and swimming pool. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. The spa has a wide range of facilities including a small pool, a whirlpool, a hammam and a sauna. Spa side is too dirty for just a moment of relaxation, swimming pool is dirty changing room, Turkish bath is very poorly maintained, a big disappointment. The facilities are very good, rooftop swimming pool with stunning views over the Bosphorus, health club downstairs was also excellent, sauna, spa, Turkish bath. Healthy living is nice but it was cold there. There are cats around the kitchen dining area which is beyond unhealthy. If you value your health, safety and sanity, avoid Orka Royal Hotel & Spa at all costs. This could pose a serious health hazard and deeply concern our family. Please understand that our health and well-being is paramount. Free entrance to the upper hammam, including massage and scrub for an additional fee. Comment: A good hotel in a very good location, very bad terrace, outdoor swimming pool and hammam were not in service. Comment: I want to say "Thank you very much" for the nice time spent with my boyfriend in this hotel in December in the VIP SPA room: couple massage, hammam, sauna and jacuzzi. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. The spa has a wide range of facilities including a small pool, a whirlpool, a hammam and a sauna. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. Everything else is pretty inadequate, the jacuzzi is not hot at all and the power is weak. The spa is good, with a large Turkish bath, pool, jacuzzi and small sauna. The pool and jacuzzi had cold water and the latter did not turn on. Comment: I want to say "Thank you very much" for the nice time spent with my boyfriend in this hotel in December in the VIP SPA room: couple massage, hammam, sauna and jacuzzi. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. The steam room was not working either. The steam room is not working.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 7.1
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 11
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. My husband Mussa was very kind to my family. Şaher Saadeddin and his family 52. I booked the hotel through Booking and I do not regret it at all, my family and I collected only positive emotions 99. This could pose a serious health hazard and deeply concern our family. This was my family's first vacation and so far the experience has been nothing short of a nightmare. My baby and I were exhausted and when I asked the staff why it was taking so long they gave me vague excuses like the room wasn't ready or there were technical issues. This level of disrespect and dishonesty is completely unacceptable, especially when it comes to a mother and her baby. No one should have to go through such a bad experience, especially families traveling with children. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. I made a reservation for 4 people (2 adults and 2 children) via .com.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.2
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 10
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. My husband Mussa was very kind to my family. Şaher Saadeddin and his family 52. I booked the hotel through Booking and I do not regret it at all, my family and I collected only positive emotions 99. This could pose a serious health hazard and deeply concern our family. This was my family's first vacation and so far the experience has been nothing short of a nightmare. When we arrived at 4am, the guy at the front desk who checked us in said he would do us a favour if we came for breakfast after 10am as we were travelling with 2 kids after a 15 hour flight and they wanted to get some sleep. No one should have to go through such a bad experience, especially families traveling with children. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. I made a reservation for 4 people (2 adults and 2 children) via .com.

Spor Alanları için rating: 9.2
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: The gym is extremely small and devoid of everything but after seeing any photos of it you can already understand that this is not a surprise. Unfortunately, I personally did not go to the gym. The spa and gym were very reviewable and the much advertised rooftop pool was not accessible. Comment: Terrible staff, windowless room, parking in the mud for a special fee, gym is good but only in the picture. There is a gym, spa and indoor swimming pool. Comment: I used the gym and masseuse facilities for a week. The rooms are more like 3*, the wellness area is small but nice 90.

Kumsal için rating: 8.7
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: If you go to Eminönü Beach, just cross the bridge and reach Karaköy (including Taksim and Galata). The rooftop has a stunning view and is ideal for sunbathing. Access to shopping, sea excursions. We saw that it was cleaned in the morning 🙈 The construction site and the sea view are visible. After waking up with itching with no excuse I arrived at the reception at 5:30am to report and after waiting for 5 hours at the reception with bedbugs on the seats I was given a new room at 10:30am I showed it to the receptionist who said "Oh". In fact, bedbugs were found on the seats at the entrance!!!

Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için rating: 6.1
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: And we miss the cats near the hotel too. There are cats around the kitchen dining area which is beyond unhealthy. We love cats so that was a bonus.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 2.8
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Not to mention the dirty 140cm bed and worn out bedding for standard rooms. Spa side is too dirty for just a moment of relaxation, swimming pool is dirty changing room, Turkish bath is very poorly maintained, a big disappointment. The next day we arrived from another hotel in the morning, we were told to check in at 12:00, we calmly went for a walk around the city.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 3.1
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: This was completely unacceptable as it did not meet the requirements of my reservation and left my party of four with inadequate space and facilities.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 2.7
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: Spa side is too dirty for just a moment of relaxation, swimming pool is dirty changing room, Turkish bath is very poorly maintained, a big disappointment.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: This is very special and exclusive with its Spa and private Dienstleistungen.

