Hotel Name: Palde Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 7.4
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 200
All results text for Service Quality: The hotel owner and staff are friendly, the diction is good, the accommodation is excellent, the breakfasts are delicious, the floor staff are all friendly and helpful, I recommend the hotel, it is a very good hotel 3. The business owner and the staff swore at us and asked why we locked the locker room door. The staff is friendly and the breakfast is varied and delicious. Pool sauna salt room Turkish bath clean Staff attentive, knowledgeable and helpful What else would you expect from a hotel in the heart of the city? The staff's attention, breakfast, and meals were all very nice. Comment: Congratulations, it is a very well-trained hotel with really well-organized staff. Friendly staff, clean hotel. The staff and service were second to none. Comment: I would like to thank all the staff, especially Mr. Comment: I wanted to add as a plus that the hotel provides incredible convenience in terms of location, that it exceeded my expectations, and that the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The staff is family-friendly, clean, the rooms are very comfortable and luxurious. I also saw that the staff and managers really do their job properly. Comment: The location of the hotel is great, it is 1 minute away from Sirkeci Square, there are many cafes and restaurants around, the hotel staff is friendly and problem-solving oriented, I think it is worth the money we paid, I thank everyone very much. The breakfast, the staff, especially Mr. The staff takes care of everything. Comment: The location is central but the staff service is on the level. The staff was very helpful. Comment: A clean and hygienic hotel with smiling faces and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 39. We would like to thank the staff. Comment: The staff is friendly, very attentive, the rooms are spotlessly clean and very comfortable 42. Comment: 46 is an Istanbul hotel where you will leave happily, thanks to its friendly atmosphere with both the boss and the staff. Comment: First time coming, everything was well arranged, staff was friendly and helpful, thank you :) 50. Comment: Very clean and friendly staff. Comment: It is very nice, stylish and the price is also affordable, the staff is helpful, so I recommend 54. Comment: A complete family place, friendly staff, well given 55. Comment: Everything is fine, the staff is very helpful and polite, the location is close to everywhere 56. Spotlessly clean, very friendly staff. Comment: Very nice, understanding and smiling staff at bar 59. Comment: A very nice place, friendly staff 68. Comment: Hotel is very nice, location is very nice, staff is very nice 71. Comment: Very nice staff, helpful 78. The staff is not friendly at all, the guy at the reception yelled at my dad because he asked for new bedding. The staff is not friendly at all, the guy at the reception yelled at my dad for asking for a new pillow case. They only cleaned our room once because according to them the cleaning staff was not there; they did not leave us towels and we had to ask, not from the hotel line, they gave us others because we ran out of towels. The staff is unpleasant!!! The staff is rude, the breakfast is terrible, the hotel is dirty and the restaurants in the area are much more expensive than other areas despite being close to everything. Compared to the other hotel we stayed at (Savone), the staff is much nicer. One of the staff members was very rude and unapologetic. And most of the staff cannot be reached. The staff is polite and very courteous. The staff came directly to the room after minimal knocking on the door, without giving us time to get dressed. There was also constant loud shouting and arguing among staff. After paying 500 lira per person, the staff came to take us out after 30 minutes of swimming. Some staff are friendly, some are not, the guy on the night shift was not friendly! Comment: Bad experience, staff and cleanliness was bad, we had to take 3 rooms to get a good room, food was bad and not hygienic at all, lobby worker had to clean in front of us because of how dirty our last room was. Rude staff, especially the person at the reception. Comment: There is nothing new to rate this hotel and most staff agree that the treatment received was very poor. Most of the staff are super. The staff in the lobby were very helpful and friendly, they helped me book many activities for my family and were always on time and very interesting. The hotel reception was unprofessional, the staff (an average sized, bearded man) could be seen chatting and smoking at the restaurant table. Appalling staff behavior; Management needs to address this issue immediately. Extremely rude staff, especially the guy behind the reception. The hotel location and rooms are good especially if you choose the corner suite rooms but the staff need more training to deal with guests' problems and the breakfast is very poor and unpleasant area, it is directly connected to the reception and just needs some rearrangement. Comment: It is a perfect hotel in terms of location, the employees and all the staff in the hotel are helpful and friendly. Very rude staff. The staff is rude. Room very dirty, staff very unpleasant, especially the lady at the reception. For this money you can find a much nicer hotel with great rooftop breakfasts and more friendly and helpful staff. The staff treated me very well and was helpful. Dirty, old, disgusting breakfast and the staff are unpleasant and snooty. Super rude staff and they didn't give us any other options so we had to look for another hotel down the street. The staff is ready to meet any request. The staff is not the nicest, the room was not very clean and also needs to be renovated! The only positive point is the friendly staff. The staff's behavior is excellent. Comment: It would have been a good stay (3-4 * rating), but for a dishonest staff and management refusing to take responsibility. The staff was generally very friendly and welcoming. When we informed the staff the next day, the employee denied any wrongdoing. Other staff assured us that they understood the situation, acknowledged their colleague’s mistake and made efforts to contact their managers. Friendly members of staff tried to help us in other ways on their own initiative. While the majority of hotel staff are very friendly and welcoming, a small minority are dishonest and try to scam guests in any way they can. - Hotel staff was rude and did not help with bags from the very beginning even for a generous tip. It seemed to us that perhaps the hotel was understaffed. Very rude staff especially when you are not Turkish. Comment: The worst part of this stay was that a man accidentally entered our room while we were sleeping, we complained to the reception afterwards and the staff had absolutely nothing to do with it! Friendly staff, clean hotel. Comment: A clean and hygienic hotel with smiling faces and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 39. Comment: Very clean and friendly staff. Comment: A complete family place, friendly staff, well given 55. Spotlessly clean, very friendly staff. Comment: A very nice place, friendly staff 68. The only positive point is the friendly staff. The hotel owner and staff are friendly, the diction is good, the accommodation is excellent, the breakfasts are delicious, the floor staff are all friendly and helpful, I recommend the hotel, it is a very good hotel 3. Pool sauna salt room Turkish bath clean Staff attentive, knowledgeable and helpful What else would you expect from a hotel in the heart of the city? My family and I were very helpful when we arrived at the reception at night. Comment: I wanted to add as a plus that the hotel provides incredible convenience in terms of location, that it exceeded my expectations, and that the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Süleyman at the reception, were helpful. The staff was very helpful. Suleyman for his interest and helpfulness. Comment: First time coming, everything was well arranged, staff was friendly and helpful, thank you :) 50. Comment: It is very nice, stylish and the price is also affordable, the staff is helpful, so I recommend 54. Comment: Everything is fine, the staff is very helpful and polite, the location is close to everywhere 56. Comment: The young people at the reception are very helpful. Comment: Very nice staff, helpful 78. Accommodation in the best location, Hotel breakfast service is good, reception team is really great, helpful and very nice. He even asked for a gift even though he wasn't very helpful to us, I don't recommend it at all, the only good thing is the location. The staff in the lobby were very helpful and friendly, they helped me book many activities for my family and were always on time and very interesting. Comment: It is a perfect hotel in terms of location, the employees and all the staff in the hotel are helpful and friendly. For this money you can find a much nicer hotel with great rooftop breakfasts and more friendly and helpful staff. The staff treated me very well and was helpful. Sarat …… in the morning you will be brought back to your old place where you will be treated like bad and overly demanding customers … … if you unfortunately booked this hotel, contact yusuf (a nice, helpful person and close to everything to make your stay perfect) You have to pay 10€ per person for access to the swimming pool and it is simply theft!!!! Comment: Very nice amazing stay Friendly and helpful reception team especially Mehmet. The employees were helpful and friendly. The hotel owner and staff are friendly, the diction is good, the accommodation is excellent, the breakfasts are delicious, the floor staff are all friendly and helpful, I recommend the hotel, it is a very good hotel 3. The business owner and the staff swore at us and asked why we locked the locker room door. The staff is friendly and the breakfast is varied and delicious. Pool sauna salt room Turkish bath clean Staff attentive, knowledgeable and helpful What else would you expect from a hotel in the heart of the city? The staff's attention, breakfast, and meals were all very nice. Comment: Congratulations, it is a very well-trained hotel with really well-organized staff. Friendly staff, clean hotel. The staff and service were second to none. Comment: I would like to thank all the staff, especially Mr. Comment: I wanted to add as a plus that the hotel provides incredible convenience in terms of location, that it exceeded my expectations, and that the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The staff is family-friendly, clean, the rooms are very comfortable and luxurious. I also saw that the staff and managers really do their job properly. Comment: The location of the hotel is great, it is 1 minute away from Sirkeci Square, there are many cafes and restaurants around, the hotel staff is friendly and problem-solving oriented, I think it is worth the money we paid, I thank everyone very much. The breakfast, the staff, especially Mr. The staff takes care of everything. Comment: The location is central but the staff service is on the level. The staff was very helpful. Comment: A clean and hygienic hotel with smiling faces and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 39. We would like to thank the staff. Comment: The staff is friendly, very attentive, the rooms are spotlessly clean and very comfortable 42. Comment: 46 is an Istanbul hotel where you will leave happily, thanks to its friendly atmosphere with both the boss and the staff. Comment: First time coming, everything was well arranged, staff was friendly and helpful, thank you :) 50. Comment: Very clean and friendly staff. Comment: It is very nice, stylish and the price is also affordable, the staff is helpful, so I recommend 54. Comment: A complete family place, friendly staff, well given 55. Comment: Everything is fine, the staff is very helpful and polite, the location is close to everywhere 56. Spotlessly clean, very friendly staff. Comment: Very nice, understanding and smiling staff at bar 59. Comment: A very nice place, friendly staff 68. Comment: Hotel is very nice, location is very nice, staff is very nice 71. Comment: Very nice staff, helpful 78. The staff is not friendly at all, the guy at the reception yelled at my dad because he asked for new bedding. The staff is not friendly at all, the guy at the reception yelled at my dad for asking for a new pillow case. They only cleaned our room once because according to them the cleaning staff was not there; they did not leave us towels and we had to ask, not from the hotel line, they gave us others because we ran out of towels. The staff is unpleasant!!! The staff is rude, the breakfast is terrible, the hotel is dirty and the restaurants in the area are much more expensive than other areas despite being close to everything. Compared to the other hotel we stayed at (Savone), the staff is much nicer. One of the staff members was very rude and unapologetic. And most of the staff cannot be reached. The staff is polite and very courteous. The staff came directly to the room after minimal knocking on the door, without giving us time to get dressed. There was also constant loud shouting and arguing among staff. After paying 500 lira per person, the staff came to take us out after 30 minutes of swimming. Some staff are friendly, some are not, the guy on the night shift was not friendly! Comment: Bad experience, staff and cleanliness was bad, we had to take 3 rooms to get a good room, food was bad and not hygienic at all, lobby worker had to clean in front of us because of how dirty our last room was. Rude staff, especially the person at the reception. Comment: There is nothing new to rate this hotel and most staff agree that the treatment received was very poor. Most of the staff are super. The staff in the lobby were very helpful and friendly, they helped me book many activities for my family and were always on time and very interesting. The hotel reception was unprofessional, the staff (an average sized, bearded man) could be seen chatting and smoking at the restaurant table. Appalling staff behavior; Management needs to address this issue immediately. Extremely rude staff, especially the guy behind the reception. The hotel location and rooms are good especially if you choose the corner suite rooms but the staff need more training to deal with guests' problems and the breakfast is very poor and unpleasant area, it is directly connected to the reception and just needs some rearrangement. Comment: It is a perfect hotel in terms of location, the employees and all the staff in the hotel are helpful and friendly. Very rude staff. The staff is rude. Room very dirty, staff very unpleasant, especially the lady at the reception. For this money you can find a much nicer hotel with great rooftop breakfasts and more friendly and helpful staff. The staff treated me very well and was helpful. Dirty, old, disgusting breakfast and the staff are unpleasant and snooty. Super rude staff and they didn't give us any other options so we had to look for another hotel down the street. The staff is ready to meet any request. The staff is not the nicest, the room was not very clean and also needs to be renovated! The only positive point is the friendly staff. The staff's behavior is excellent. Comment: It would have been a good stay (3-4 * rating), but for a dishonest staff and management refusing to take responsibility. The staff was generally very friendly and welcoming. When we informed the staff the next day, the employee denied any wrongdoing. Other staff assured us that they understood the situation, acknowledged their colleague’s mistake and made efforts to contact their managers. Friendly members of staff tried to help us in other ways on their own initiative. While the majority of hotel staff are very friendly and welcoming, a small minority are dishonest and try to scam guests in any way they can. - Hotel staff was rude and did not help with bags from the very beginning even for a generous tip. It seemed to us that perhaps the hotel was understaffed. Very rude staff especially when you are not Turkish. Comment: The worst part of this stay was that a man accidentally entered our room while we were sleeping, we complained to the reception afterwards and the staff had absolutely nothing to do with it! Thank you, the service you provide is great. Comment: Thank you very much for the comfort and service you added to our 10-day Istanbul trip with your magnificent service🙋🏼‍♀️ The cleanliness of the rooms, the variety in the breakfast, the attention and concern of your employees, both Ulaş Bey and our oppressed brother, made us feel like we were in our own home, thank you.. Comment: I stayed at Palde Hotel for two nights, everything was as it should be, the breakfast was good, the rooms were clean and those who wanted could benefit from the pool service 20. The staff and service were second to none. I would like to thank everyone for their service... Comment: The location is central but the staff service is on the level. Comment: Breakfast is very diverse and delicious, open buffet service, room is very clean and well-maintained, location is good, close to everywhere 36. Comment: The service was quite good. Mazlum for their services, we thank them for everything 57. TO VOMIT they say neither hello nor goodbye, they get angry immediately when you ask for a service. However, the cleanliness is very poor and the service speed is extremely slow. There were issues with WiFi and room service was not available daily. I liked the service... The service is disgusting, on the first day they moved us to a cheap room in the corner where there was absolutely no room. This kind of service, give me a tip then I will help you. The hotel has a good service including breakfast, swimming pool, Turkish bath and massage but it is not included but still a very good service. I'm afraid the third world breakfast is a scam, the price is too expensive, and the quality is sad, all services are paid... Accommodation in the best location, Hotel breakfast service is good, reception team is really great, helpful and very nice. There is a fee for the spa and the elevators are often out of service. Comment: Miserable service. I would especially like to commend the excellent service. -There was no ironing service or ironing facilities as the hotel repeatedly claimed.

Rating for Transportation Options: 7.4
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 141
All results text for Transportation Options: They gave us free breakfast, free access to the pool, and free transportation to the airport. Why didn't we pick it up during transportation to the airport? The location of the hotel is really excellent, within walking distance to public transportation and major tourist attractions. The red-haired man, who was very rude, shouted that we had to stand on the street after 12:00 and wait for transportation. On the other hand, not having to go far for transportation is another plus! They gave us free breakfast, free access to the pool, and free transportation to the airport. Why didn't we pick it up during transportation to the airport? The location of the hotel is really excellent, within walking distance to public transportation and major tourist attractions. The red-haired man, who was very rude, shouted that we had to stand on the street after 12:00 and wait for transportation. Luckily, the airport transfer company sent the transport very late; it was Friday, Friday prayers, and they were stuck in traffic jam. On the other hand, not having to go far for transportation is another plus! The location of the hotel is really excellent, within walking distance to public transportation and major tourist attractions. Comment: They said it was a taxi belonging to the hotel and charged 600 TL. We learned from the taxi driver that the taxi driver charged 375 TL and the remaining 225 TL was shared between the bellboy and the receptionist and he asked us to complain. Consider a taxi, a tour, or a spa. it's a nice lounge but you have to take into account that it's very crowded and it's not easy to get out so quickly by taxi - the attached video is from my room. We requested a transfer to the airport in advance at the reception but the taxi was provided 30 minutes late. They offered us private airport vehicles at affordable prices, Istanbul tours, boat tours at very nice and discounted prices. They offered a free airport transfer to make up for this but we decided against it as it was ultimately very hard to trust them. They gave us free breakfast, free access to the pool, and free transportation to the airport. Why didn't we pick it up during transportation to the airport? We requested a transfer to the airport in advance at the reception but the taxi was provided 30 minutes late. Luckily, the airport transfer company sent the transport very late; it was Friday, Friday prayers, and they were stuck in traffic jam. The business owner and the staff swore at us and asked why we locked the locker room door. Locations are good and close to metro station, but a bit far from bus station! They prepare the rooms at 16:30, an hour when any tourist might want to relax after a busy day out, but instead they have to wait (and all they do is make the bed and change the towels). The only notable positive aspect is its location, as it is quite central, which makes it difficult to sleep due to the hustle and bustle outside, and since there is zero soundproofing, you can even hear the breathing of guests in adjacent rooms. The bus arrived at 17.00 instead of 15.00. Although this is the normal format for Sapanca tours (the ATV and zipline are not normally included in the ticket price), this employee had falsely led us to believe that these activities were included in the payment in order to get our business. Comment: Congratulations, it is a very well-trained hotel with really well-organized staff. The hotel location and rooms are good especially if you choose the corner suite rooms but the staff need more training to deal with guests' problems and the breakfast is very poor and unpleasant area, it is directly connected to the reception and just needs some rearrangement. Comment: This hotel has a very good location, namely in the old central area of ​​Istanbul, in a very very narrow street with heavy traffic, no parking spaces at all! I found a paid parking lot 50m from the hotel, €100/5 days. The hotel does not have a private parking lot, you will have to find a space on the very complicated streets of Istanbul. Comment: The only good thing about the hotel is its location, the rooms do not look like the pictures! Comment: The location of the hotel is in a very good spot. The location is great in a central location. Very good location. Comment: I wanted to add as a plus that the hotel provides incredible convenience in terms of location, that it exceeded my expectations, and that the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Comment: The hotel is in a perfect location. Comment: The hotel is in the most beautiful location of Sirkeci. Comment: The location of the hotel is great, it is 1 minute away from Sirkeci Square, there are many cafes and restaurants around, the hotel staff is friendly and problem-solving oriented, I think it is worth the money we paid, I thank everyone very much. Comment: The location is central but the staff service is on the level. Comment: Breakfast is very diverse and delicious, open buffet service, room is very clean and well-maintained, location is good, close to everywhere 36. It can be preferred for its cleanliness and location. Comment: We stayed one night and were very pleased with the cleanliness, location and attention. In terms of location, you won't have much trouble. Comment: Everything is fine, the staff is very helpful and polite, the location is close to everywhere 56. Comment: The location is very good. Comment: Hotel is very nice, location is very nice, staff is very nice 71. Comment: Location is very good and breakfast has a lot of variety 73. Comment: Good location 77. The location of the photo is in the hotel. The only positive point was the location but having a great location and a very bad and very dirty, UNLIVABLE hotel was definitely not worth it. Comment: The only good thing about the hotel is its location. Comment: Great hotel for its central location. Comment: This hotel has a very good location, namely in the old central area of ​​Istanbul, in a very very narrow street with heavy traffic, no parking spaces at all! The only positive thing was the location. Comment: The only good thing about the hotel is its location, the rooms do not look like the pictures! Comment: The location is very good. Locations are good and close to metro station, but a bit far from bus station! The only thing that sets it apart from others is its excellent location, close to markets, but the rooms are cramped and the electricity goes out more than once a day. Comment: The location is perfect but the treatment is very, very bad, I do not recommend it in terms of security and cleanliness, I said the rooms are completely different from the pictures. Accommodation in the best location, Hotel breakfast service is good, reception team is really great, helpful and very nice. He even asked for a gift even though he wasn't very helpful to us, I don't recommend it at all, the only good thing is the location. Comment: The only good thing about this hotel is the location, the rest is a complete disaster. The location of the hotel is really excellent, within walking distance to public transportation and major tourist attractions. Despite its convenient location, the noise from the common lobby and restaurant, which was open until 2am, made my stay unbearable. The only positive notes are the breakfast and the location. The hotel location and rooms are good especially if you choose the corner suite rooms but the staff need more training to deal with guests' problems and the breakfast is very poor and unpleasant area, it is directly connected to the reception and just needs some rearrangement. Comment: It is a perfect hotel in terms of location, the employees and all the staff in the hotel are helpful and friendly. The only positive point is that it is in a good location, but there are plenty of hotels nearby that are worth a detour and which I would choose on my next visit! Only the location, cleanliness and friendliness ensured that no one would come back, no couch bugs and bad food. The only notable positive aspect is its location, as it is quite central, which makes it difficult to sleep due to the hustle and bustle outside, and since there is zero soundproofing, you can even hear the breathing of guests in adjacent rooms. Comment: Pros: 1 - Great location, easy walking distance to many popular places and restaurants. Comment: Magnificent and strategic location, rooms are clean, breakfast is quite diverse, the only drawback is that the soundproofing of the rooms is almost zero, we get the impression that our neighbors share the same room with us 135. Comment: The only plus of this hotel is the location! Hotel with an excellent location, 10 minutes walk from Hagia Sophia and on the other side of the Galata Bridge and the Spice Market. The only positive point is that it has a good location… sincerely STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL P.S. Comment: This hotel has everything you need for a good hotel in Istanbul, namely a very advantageous location and a comfortable bed. Only the location is great but everything else is terrible... The location is close to attractions, close to Laleli market. Comment: I will not live there again The location of the hotel is excellent, but the hotel management is bad and the breakfast is even worse 149. Comment: In the photo, the comments on booking may convince you that the room and the hotel are excellent, but the only good thing here is the location :)||||Let's start with the room: quite large rooms, but with very old furniture, dirty carpet, plumbing. Comment: The only positive thing is the location. Comment: Excellent location. The location of the hotel is just right. & Arsalan Nice location. The location is great and close to the metro. Good: -Good location -Breakfast was good Other things to consider: -The hotel's street is closed at one end and cars and minivans cannot reach the door. Comment: The hotel is clean and has a perfect location in Sirkeci, close to metro, tram and everything. The location is very good. Comment: What's good: location, beds, shower, breakfast ||What's not good: no one wears masks at the reception, why: everything is disinfected!?! Long story short, although the location is good, it is not worth staying here. The location of the hotel is really excellent, within walking distance to public transportation and major tourist attractions. Comment: Pros: 1 - Great location, easy walking distance to many popular places and restaurants. Various tourist attractions within walking distance. All attractions are nearby and … 93. The only positive point is that it is in a good location, but there are plenty of hotels nearby that are worth a detour and which I would choose on my next visit! At the same time, the sounds of the street and the tram passing nearby are almost inaudible. The location is great in a central location. Comment: The location is central but the staff service is on the level. Comment: Central and clean. Comment: Great hotel for its central location. Comment: This hotel has a very good location, namely in the old central area of ​​Istanbul, in a very very narrow street with heavy traffic, no parking spaces at all! The only notable positive aspect is its location, as it is quite central, which makes it difficult to sleep due to the hustle and bustle outside, and since there is zero soundproofing, you can even hear the breathing of guests in adjacent rooms. The location of the hotel is really excellent, within walking distance to public transportation and major tourist attractions. Comment: Pros: 1 - Great location, easy walking distance to many popular places and restaurants. Various tourist attractions within walking distance. First of all, anyone from outside can enter the pool area in the spa area with their shoes on, which is not hygienic at all. When receiving a message from a person who is not in the bedroom the whole person does not have a contact in the reception area. The staff is rude, the breakfast is terrible, the hotel is dirty and the restaurants in the area are much more expensive than other areas despite being close to everything. The breakfast area was dirty, the plates were dirty. I looked at the pool area and it was underground. The pool area looks haunted. Comment: This hotel has a very good location, namely in the old central area of ​​Istanbul, in a very very narrow street with heavy traffic, no parking spaces at all! The outdoor areas were also a disappointment. The bath and spa area was inadequate. The receptionist is very rude and not very hospitable, the area where the hotel is located is a scam area for tourists, I recommend you to stay in taksim not fatih 103. Do not book this hotel, there are better options, I have been to the area several times and it is the worst hotel so far. The common areas were visibly neglected and the unkempt surroundings reflected negatively on the cleanliness standards of the property. The hotel location and rooms are good especially if you choose the corner suite rooms but the staff need more training to deal with guests' problems and the breakfast is very poor and unpleasant area, it is directly connected to the reception and just needs some rearrangement. There are many popular restaurants and shops in the surrounding area. Comment: Right in the centre of the tourist area. The spa area was adequate but the steam room was not open. Breakfast area - a complete mess, dirty tables and area where the food is located. There is no water cooler in the pool area where you will relax. Comment: It's not worth making a reservation, think well when renting this place, it's disrespectful and uninteresting. Comment: It is a very nice place, there is uncle Hasan who likes to help the guests, he is a very good person. Comment: Terrible place, be careful. Comment: A complete family place, friendly staff, well given 55. The place is beautiful. Comment: A very nice place, friendly staff 68. Comment: Not a very safe place 79. Firstly the spa is not included and is very expensive - the only reason we booked this hotel as there are much nicer places for your money. Review: Best places to stay near Hagia Sophia and Blue Mosque. We chose this place for the swimming pool, among other things, otherwise I would never have chosen it. Comment: Pros: 1 - Great location, easy walking distance to many popular places and restaurants. Sarat …… in the morning you will be brought back to your old place where you will be treated like bad and overly demanding customers … … if you unfortunately booked this hotel, contact yusuf (a nice, helpful person and close to everything to make your stay perfect) You have to pay 10€ per person for access to the swimming pool and it is simply theft!!!! Comment: One of the dirtiest places I've ever lived. Room is very small Furniture is almost old and need to be replaced 167.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 6.0
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 92
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Comment: Thank you very much for the comfort and service you added to our 10-day Istanbul trip with your magnificent service🙋🏼‍♀️ The cleanliness of the rooms, the variety in the breakfast, the attention and concern of your employees, both Ulaş Bey and our oppressed brother, made us feel like we were in our own home, thank you.. It can be preferred for its cleanliness and location. Comment: We stayed one night and were very pleased with the cleanliness, location and attention. However, the cleanliness is very poor and the service speed is extremely slow. including the fact of cleanliness is limited to you. Comment: The location is perfect but the treatment is very, very bad, I do not recommend it in terms of security and cleanliness, I said the rooms are completely different from the pictures. Comment: Bad experience, staff and cleanliness was bad, we had to take 3 rooms to get a good room, food was bad and not hygienic at all, lobby worker had to clean in front of us because of how dirty our last room was. The common areas were visibly neglected and the unkempt surroundings reflected negatively on the cleanliness standards of the property. This lack of attention to hygiene and cleanliness contributed significantly to our decision to forego hotel breakfast after just one day. The cleanliness and treatment of the hotel is very good, we were blocked. Only the location, cleanliness and friendliness ensured that no one would come back, no couch bugs and bad food. Cleanliness is average and the finishes in the rooms leave much to be desired. Otherwise, the rooms are in a terrible condition, dirty furniture and walls, cleanliness - 0 and paper walls - you can hear everything that the neighbors in the adjacent rooms are talking about! I can't rate the cleanliness of the rooms that well because there were stains all over the carpet. Hygiene is very important to us. The sauna was never used and the overall hygiene in the spa left much to be desired. after arriving there many things need to be changed in 2 years, for example lack of hygiene (dirty sheets, hair, sheets on the cushions have real stains ..) I had to ask for the sheets to be changed they agreed to change them but the same hairs are so disgusting that we had to put towels over ourselves to be able to sleep and I'm not talking about the bathroom of the toilet, black interior, horror! So after seeing the lack of hygiene that eating there was out of the question, having to pay to eat elsewhere, we could no longer take advantage of the lunch that was included in the price! This lack of attention to hygiene and cleanliness contributed significantly to our decision to forego hotel breakfast after just one day. Comment: The hygiene of the rooms was terrible. The hotel itself and the rooms were very clean. The bed linens, towels, the room itself and the bathroom were very clean. Clean, spacious and daily disinfected rooms. Comment: Very nice and clean hotel. Pool sauna salt room Turkish bath clean Staff attentive, knowledgeable and helpful What else would you expect from a hotel in the heart of the city? The cleaning is very good. Comment: Thank you very much for the comfort and service you added to our 10-day Istanbul trip with your magnificent service🙋🏼‍♀️ The cleanliness of the rooms, the variety in the breakfast, the attention and concern of your employees, both Ulaş Bey and our oppressed brother, made us feel like we were in our own home, thank you.. Cleaning is done meticulously daily. Comment: I stayed at Palde Hotel for two nights, everything was as it should be, the breakfast was good, the rooms were clean and those who wanted could benefit from the pool service 20. Friendly staff, clean hotel. The rooms are very clean, the bathroom is very well equipped, it meets all your needs. The staff is family-friendly, clean, the rooms are very comfortable and luxurious. Comment: The rooms are nice and clean, the attention of the bellboy Adem was very nice, we thank him. Comment: Breakfast is very diverse and delicious, open buffet service, room is very clean and well-maintained, location is good, close to everywhere 36. It can be preferred for its cleanliness and location. Comment: A clean and hygienic hotel with smiling faces and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 39. Comment: We stayed one night and were very pleased with the cleanliness, location and attention. Comment: The staff is friendly, very attentive, the rooms are spotlessly clean and very comfortable 42. Comment: Very clean and friendly staff. Spotlessly clean, very friendly staff. Comment: Very clean and nice hotel, thank you palde hotel 63. Comment: Everywhere is spotlessly clean and the hotel is new 72. Comment: Central and clean. If the room has never been cleaned, you will see hair everywhere. You see hair everywhere as if the room has never been cleaned. They only cleaned our room once because according to them the cleaning staff was not there; they did not leave us towels and we had to ask, not from the hotel line, they gave us others because we ran out of towels. Very very dirty hotel, bathroom does not match the pictures (holes in tiles, mold on joints and mold in shower) The first day we arrived at the hotel our bed was very dirty with urine, feces or blood stains… on the bed and blankets were full of uncleaned urine or feces stains. When you want to clean your room they only make the bed and they don't give you toilet paper or new towels, you have to ask them to get them, the worst thing is they don't clean your bathroom or your room. despite the person who came to clean the room... However, the cleanliness is very poor and the service speed is extremely slow. In Savone, the stairs are full of trash, cleaning equipment and laundry and sometimes 1. Stains on sheets, overhead shower was like a fountain, not enough toilet roll (asked for another, none available), view outside room was like an abandoned building, cleaning supplies very scattered on stairs, wall was so thin you could hear people outside the room, no bedside lamp, towels were very old and 2. They were not asked to clean the room daily. Cleaning is done every 3-4 days... CLEANING!!! The rooms were not cleaned and there were no clean sheets. Everything was very clean 2 years ago, so we said we'd go again. Comment: Although the cleaner mops the room quickly and does not put extra wipes or water in the room, the bathroom is not clean. Comment: Very bad experience in this hotel, cleaning is very disrespectful, we asked them to clean our room 10 times and they only changed the sheets, they did not clean the floors or the toilet, for the swimming pool they asked 500 lira for an hour, very expensive and not included in the hotel price. The rooms need to be cleaner, especially the bathroom! The hotel met expectations, the room was good for the price, the cleaning was adequate and a good rest was possible. including the fact of cleanliness is limited to you. Comment: The location is perfect but the treatment is very, very bad, I do not recommend it in terms of security and cleanliness, I said the rooms are completely different from the pictures. Comment: Bad experience, staff and cleanliness was bad, we had to take 3 rooms to get a good room, food was bad and not hygienic at all, lobby worker had to clean in front of us because of how dirty our last room was. Zero cleaning, door trim, tiles, electrical outlets (exposed wires), elevator suspended, shower, water coming out of everywhere but not where it should be. Comment: I stayed here for 5 days with my children, housekeeping was cleaning our rooms, changing towels and cleaning the bathrooms every day. The common areas were visibly neglected and the unkempt surroundings reflected negatively on the cleanliness standards of the property. This lack of attention to hygiene and cleanliness contributed significantly to our decision to forego hotel breakfast after just one day. It is not clean, the food is rotten, the treatment is bad, the bed is dirty and the internet is very weak. Cleaning was done very late (15:00) Cleaning Half Completed! The cleanliness and treatment of the hotel is very good, we were blocked. Only the location, cleanliness and friendliness ensured that no one would come back, no couch bugs and bad food. Cleanliness is average and the finishes in the rooms leave much to be desired. Comment: Magnificent and strategic location, rooms are clean, breakfast is quite diverse, the only drawback is that the soundproofing of the rooms is almost zero, we get the impression that our neighbors share the same room with us 135. Otherwise, the rooms are in a terrible condition, dirty furniture and walls, cleanliness - 0 and paper walls - you can hear everything that the neighbors in the adjacent rooms are talking about! Comment: The rooms are clean and comfortable, but the hotel's boss is absolutely rude and walks around with a loud nose. Rooms not cleaned, asked twice, zero interest. Not only did they not steal here, the cleaning lady didn't even take the tip that was left to her. They asked us not to clean the room; the maid, a very kind old lady, gave us more water. The carpet was full of stains, the bathroom and toilet were dirty, the towels were not clean, the room was very noisy, you could even hear the neighbors' phones when they were vibrating. Comment: The hotel was good, the rooms were clean, the carpets should be cleaned. I can't rate the cleanliness of the rooms that well because there were stains all over the carpet. The staff is not the nicest, the room was not very clean and also needs to be renovated! The rooms have not been cleaned properly for a long time. The toilet was cleaned day and night during our stay (10 days). Very clean rooms, they are constantly cleaning and bringing water! The hotel is a bit old, maybe it needs a renovation to make it cleaner and fresher. Comment: The hotel is clean and has a perfect location in Sirkeci, close to metro, tram and everything. The usual breakfast is simple Booking via booking is cheaper than booking directly Room cleaning is excellent Narrow rooms as usual from Sirkeci I repeat the bad behavior of the reception I stayed there for 7 days and I swear I would have left if I had not booked with paid booking 173. God bless you (one star only to the one who cleans the rooms). The room is cleaned once a day. We bought a lot of clothes from Turkey and I kept the tax returns in a bag in my room every day, when I talked to the manager the cleaner threw all the receipts in the trash even though they were kept neatly in the room and asked for a tax return receipt of $40, she said just go to the police station, it's not our problem.

Rating for Water Slides: 5.3
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 55
All results text for Water Slides: Pool sauna salt room Turkish bath clean Staff attentive, knowledgeable and helpful What else would you expect from a hotel in the heart of the city? First of all, anyone from outside can enter the pool area in the spa area with their shoes on, which is not hygienic at all. Comment: I stayed at Palde Hotel for two nights, everything was as it should be, the breakfast was good, the rooms were clean and those who wanted could benefit from the pool service 20. There is a swimming pool and sauna. There are facilities such as Turkish bath, sauna and pool. They gave us free breakfast, free access to the pool, and free transportation to the airport. I looked at the pool area and it was underground. The pool area looks haunted. Comment: Very bad experience in this hotel, cleaning is very disrespectful, we asked them to clean our room 10 times and they only changed the sheets, they did not clean the floors or the toilet, for the swimming pool they asked 500 lira for an hour, very expensive and not included in the hotel price. The hotel has a good service including breakfast, swimming pool, Turkish bath and massage but it is not included but still a very good service. There was also a hotel with a swimming pool, but they were paying 10 euros per entry. Due to the hotel's proximity to amenities, swimming pool and spa, there are 2 double and 2 triple rooms … 117. The promised pool, sauna, Turkish bath and Turkish bath are not included. Comment: This hotel is a trap for tourists, dirty rooms, lobby is rented to a restaurant and perfume shop, small rooms, very poor breakfast, you have to pay for the pool, it was a terrible experience, broken shower, never go there, reception … 121. 0/0 When we arrived the kids wanted to use the swimming pool and were told to pay €10 per person per day! We chose this place for the swimming pool, among other things, otherwise I would never have chosen it. Entrance to swimming pool and hamam is 40€. Sarat …… in the morning you will be brought back to your old place where you will be treated like bad and overly demanding customers … … if you unfortunately booked this hotel, contact yusuf (a nice, helpful person and close to everything to make your stay perfect) You have to pay 10€ per person for access to the swimming pool and it is simply theft!!!! There is a swimming pool and sauna but we didn't manage to use them! The water in the pool is cool, but the temperature in the sauna and steam bath is not sufficient. There is no water cooler in the pool area where you will relax. We had to call and speak to reception several times for something simple like water bottles. Comment: Although the cleaner mops the room quickly and does not put extra wipes or water in the room, the bathroom is not clean. The bathroom is very small and there is no hot water. There was always the sound of doors opening and closing, as well as the sound of water boiling! Zero cleaning, door trim, tiles, electrical outlets (exposed wires), elevator suspended, shower, water coming out of everywhere but not where it should be. We had no hot water for two days and when you asked for it it seemed almost normal to them. In the shower, the installation of the watering can is located at a height of 1 meter from the floor, it sways, so it is impossible to install the watering can. On the day of departure the hot water was turned off. Water, tea and Nescafe are provided to the room daily. The sound of water can be heard from everywhere throughout the night. Of course, it wasn't until 19:00 that day, all the water flows like that. They asked us not to clean the room; the maid, a very kind old lady, gave us more water. Very clean rooms, they are constantly cleaning and bringing water! That's right, we touched the water on the perch, it looks warm! The worst part: -There was no electricity or water in the hotel bathroom on the first night. There was no backup power or regulation for water use. The water in the pool is cool, but the temperature in the sauna and steam bath is not sufficient. There is no water cooler in the pool area where you will relax. After swimming, we went to change our clothes and locked our door. There is a swimming pool and sauna. Comment: Very bad experience in this hotel, cleaning is very disrespectful, we asked them to clean our room 10 times and they only changed the sheets, they did not clean the floors or the toilet, for the swimming pool they asked 500 lira for an hour, very expensive and not included in the hotel price. After paying 500 lira per person, the staff came to take us out after 30 minutes of swimming. The hotel has a good service including breakfast, swimming pool, Turkish bath and massage but it is not included but still a very good service. There was also a hotel with a swimming pool, but they were paying 10 euros per entry. Due to the hotel's proximity to amenities, swimming pool and spa, there are 2 double and 2 triple rooms … 117. 0/0 When we arrived the kids wanted to use the swimming pool and were told to pay €10 per person per day! We chose this place for the swimming pool, among other things, otherwise I would never have chosen it. Entrance to swimming pool and hamam is 40€. Sarat …… in the morning you will be brought back to your old place where you will be treated like bad and overly demanding customers … … if you unfortunately booked this hotel, contact yusuf (a nice, helpful person and close to everything to make your stay perfect) You have to pay 10€ per person for access to the swimming pool and it is simply theft!!!! There is a swimming pool and sauna but we didn't manage to use them! First of all, anyone from outside can enter the pool area in the spa area with their shoes on, which is not hygienic at all. I looked at the pool area and it was underground. The pool area looks haunted. There is no water cooler in the pool area where you will relax.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 4.4
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 42
All results text for Spa and Wellness: The spa section is in regular flow. The spa is very nice and the people are competent. Comment: I don't know about the hotel part, but the spa part is a complete fiasco. First of all, anyone from outside can enter the pool area in the spa area with their shoes on, which is not hygienic at all. The manager of the spa department is someone named partridge, pigeon (the hotel owner calls him that, I don't know if it's his name or nickname) who can change the hours as he wishes and turn your massage time into a neighborhood bathhouse fight when it's his convenience. Sauna and spa costs €15 per person per day and are not free of charge. Free spa access is offered. The bath and spa area was inadequate. The sauna was never used and the overall hygiene in the spa left much to be desired. Firstly the spa is not included and is very expensive - the only reason we booked this hotel as there are much nicer places for your money. The spa is a big scam the Turkish bath is faulty but I paid 120 euros and never got my money back. Also the overall maintenance of Palde Hotel and Spa was disappointing. There is a fee for the spa and the elevators are often out of service. The spa is a separate attraction. The spa area was adequate but the steam room was not open. Comment: Hammam and spa were very very bad. The manager of the spa department is someone named partridge, pigeon (the hotel owner calls him that, I don't know if it's his name or nickname) who can change the hours as he wishes and turn your massage time into a neighborhood bathhouse fight when it's his convenience. The massage was totally overpriced and a scam; we only got 25 minutes for a paid hour. The hotel has a good service including breakfast, swimming pool, Turkish bath and massage but it is not included but still a very good service. Although we agreed on a 1 hour massage, it was not very relaxing and lasted at most 30-35... Pool sauna salt room Turkish bath clean Staff attentive, knowledgeable and helpful What else would you expect from a hotel in the heart of the city? They take the money in advance but the sauna part does not work. There is a swimming pool and sauna. There are facilities such as Turkish bath, sauna and pool. Sauna and spa costs €15 per person per day and are not free of charge. The sauna was never used and the overall hygiene in the spa left much to be desired. The promised pool, sauna, Turkish bath and Turkish bath are not included. The bathhouse is closed, the sauna is barely warm. There is a swimming pool and sauna but we didn't manage to use them! When you leave the sauna you need to go to the locker room to rinse off in the shower. The water in the pool is cool, but the temperature in the sauna and steam bath is not sufficient. Comment: The location is perfect but the treatment is very, very bad, I do not recommend it in terms of security and cleanliness, I said the rooms are completely different from the pictures. Comment: There is nothing new to rate this hotel and most staff agree that the treatment received was very poor. It is not clean, the food is rotten, the treatment is bad, the bed is dirty and the internet is very weak. The cleanliness and treatment of the hotel is very good, we were blocked. I was satisfied with the treatment of the entire reception and the hotel manager. The downside is the reception's poor treatment of guests and lack of respect. A dirty, unhealthy hotel, I will protect you from the smells… in short, I have nothing to say We had booked a room for which we had to pay in full upon arrival. But there is no unhealthy situation or unpleasant odor. Although the hammam and Turkish bath were not functional, the cost per person was 10 Euros. Comment: Hammam and spa were very very bad. The spa area was adequate but the steam room was not open.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 9.2
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 15
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): My family and I were very helpful when we arrived at the reception at night. Comment: Palde Hotel, where we stayed with my family for 3 days, gave us a great experience. The staff is family-friendly, clean, the rooms are very comfortable and luxurious. Thank you Paldır family, we will come again on the 25th. Comment: We came to Palde Hotel with my family for a week. Comment: We stayed one night with my family at Palde Hotel. Comment: The interest and attention is great, thank you very much, I definitely recommend it as a family hotel. Comment: A complete family place, friendly staff, well given 55. I came with my family of 6 - parents, 2 brothers and a wife. The staff in the lobby were very helpful and friendly, they helped me book many activities for my family and were always on time and very interesting. 0/0 When we arrived the kids wanted to use the swimming pool and were told to pay €10 per person per day! I also have more children than anyone else. Other days we woke up to loud screaming children. Comment: I stayed here for 5 days with my children, housekeeping was cleaning our rooms, changing towels and cleaning the bathrooms every day. There were children and babies with us.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 9.5
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 14
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): My family and I were very helpful when we arrived at the reception at night. Comment: Palde Hotel, where we stayed with my family for 3 days, gave us a great experience. The staff is family-friendly, clean, the rooms are very comfortable and luxurious. Thank you Paldır family, we will come again on the 25th. Comment: We came to Palde Hotel with my family for a week. Comment: We stayed one night with my family at Palde Hotel. Comment: The interest and attention is great, thank you very much, I definitely recommend it as a family hotel. Comment: A complete family place, friendly staff, well given 55. I came with my family of 6 - parents, 2 brothers and a wife. The staff in the lobby were very helpful and friendly, they helped me book many activities for my family and were always on time and very interesting. I also have more children than anyone else. Other days we woke up to loud screaming children. Comment: I stayed here for 5 days with my children, housekeeping was cleaning our rooms, changing towels and cleaning the bathrooms every day. There were children and babies with us.

Rating for Beach: 0.7
Total number of comments for Beach: 5
All results text for Beach: The stingy and deceitful reactions that took advantage of the employee's rights did not give my friend 12 thousand TL. The terrace was reserved for an outside restaurant, so we had to give up our seats often. Broken parts, dirty grout, a toilet seat smaller than the toilet bowl. The inside of the toilet seat has an unhygienic, non-removable brown color. - I had to fix various things that were broken and annoying in the room when we arrived: window that wouldn't open properly, toilet seat that wasn't secured, entrance door that had threads to screw in and smoke deterrent that caused very annoying flashing throughout the night.

Rating for Party Experience: 2.5
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 3
All results text for Party Experience: Comment: They overbooked and moved us to an adjacent building where even the lights and the TV remote were missing. The only notable positive aspect is its location, as it is quite central, which makes it difficult to sleep due to the hustle and bustle outside, and since there is zero soundproofing, you can even hear the breathing of guests in adjacent rooms. Otherwise, the rooms are in a terrible condition, dirty furniture and walls, cleanliness - 0 and paper walls - you can hear everything that the neighbors in the adjacent rooms are talking about!

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 0.0
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 3
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: The staff is not friendly at all, the guy at the reception yelled at my dad because he asked for new bedding. The mattress is an ultra soft disaster, hello back pain. The mattresses of the beds are so soft, you sink in immediately.

Rating for Honeymoon: 5.2
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 3
All results text for Honeymoon: Comment: Hotel Palde was booked for us by a tour group for our honeymoon and it was the worst part of our trip. They offered us private airport vehicles at affordable prices, Istanbul tours, boat tours at very nice and discounted prices. The hotel does not have a private parking lot, you will have to find a space on the very complicated streets of Istanbul.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 10.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 1
All results text for Children's Pool Area: The staff is family-friendly, clean, the rooms are very comfortable and luxurious.

Rating for Special Menu: 10.0
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 1
All results text for Special Menu: The staff's attention, breakfast, and meals were all very nice.

