Hotel Name: Royal Seginus Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Diving', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 7.4
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 395
All results text for Service Quality: Service quality at this hotel is below average. The Staff, food, Activities, pools and everything was perfect. The staff were so nice and even the EURO24 was streamed there. Yorum: This is our 4 th visit to this wonderful hotel.|The hotel is spotless all the staff are amazing from the cleaning staff to hotel management,|It’s like coming home |They never forget you and know our names |Are favourite place is the roof … 6. The staff work so hard bless them and are so lovely constantly on the go ! Very clean, staff are all very nice, food is good and a nice variety. Yorum: All the staff are amazing the cocktail guys with|The trolly round poolside are amazing The drinks are out of this world |Anamation are new this year super friendly |Mr Alek only one who has been here years |Is a superstar and a legend … 11. The waitresses are rude and the staff there’s only a few maybe one or two, that are actually decent. Reception staff are rude and worthless, and no English speaking staff. Staff are very unprofessional and un friendly. Yorum: The worst experience in my life ever And the worst staff ever they very very very rude My friend was at the hotel, and I came to him to see if I liked the place or not to book a suite for me and my wife. ,,My wife and I waited in the reception for 2 minutes, and my friend, who is already a guest at the hotel, came Then the staff asked us to leave I told them I will talk to my friend for 10 minutes and if I like the place I will book immediately The manager came to me and told me this is not visit time, I told him that I am in the reception and I do not want to see the hotel. I do not recommend it at all staff is racist, even the managers are, unclean food and bad treatment 21. The staff (apart from entertainment team) are so friendly. Communication with the staff proved to be a struggle due to their lack of English proficiency, making it difficult to convey our concerns and get assistance when needed. To make matters worse, the majority of the guests and staff displayed rude behavior throughout our stay, creating an unpleasant atmosphere. Finally, I found it disheartening that the staff only seemed attentive when tipped, indicating a lack of genuine service and hospitality. From the inadequate internet and pool space to the disappointing food and unhelpful staff, I cannot recommend this place to fellow travelers. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful. The staff member came over and asked us how is our holiday stay going in the hotel. Need training to staff who are working in the reception, for example, English language and keep a smile on face when they talk to the gusts. To add to this the cleaning staff are not good. Staff are truly amazing. Yorum: Came here with my partner and little boy, total family of 22 we have wasted time and money coming here, never come to this hotel When we arrived 3 members of the family were left without there room as the hotel was apparently full and they had no rooms Service is awful from most of the staff 17 out of 22 people in our family have all gotten sickness and diarrhea Food is just repetitive and not very nice The male staff here have extremely disgusting behavior towards women, female guests cannot even walk through the hotel with the slightest amount of skin showing without the staff staring at them, especially the disgusting Turkish bald man who works in the barber shop, countless occasions I’ve caught him doing whatever he can to see a females bum when walking passed, including my partner! The lifts run like the Paris metro, need I say more about it, it takes an age to get anywhere if you have to use them A chef actually asked if I was British to which I said yes so he then asked me if I wanted to tip him, NO Most the staff only appreciate you when tipped and once they know that you do not give out tips they just try ti avoid you Now there are some nice staff here that stand out from the rest but the others just ruin it Staff constantly trying to blag you into using the Turkish spas, water sports and tattoo services just to grab your bucks Bingo tickets given to you as if they are free and then staff act like bailiffs 1 or 2 days later wanting 30 euros from you or the ticket’s back What is meant to be an all inclusive hotel charges you for a game of pool or snooker, you have to pay a fee to leave the all inclusive restaurant with any form of food taken from their The mini bar in your room is almost everyday forgotten about when it needs filling Two of our rooms had things stolen from, the reception staff know this happens by the way but does nothing about it! Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Totally out of line My partner and 2 other female members of the family tried to sort out an issue we had with the late checkout with a male member of staff on reception who was disgustingly rude and did not seem interested until myself and my brother in law went up to sort the problem. Nice staff! The staff was often very good. The staff couldn't do more for us will definitely return again 37. Unfortunately, we didn't like the bottom line (value for money), we saved too much on the staff (services in the restaurants) for food and drinks you waited about an hour. the cleaning staff in the outside area do their best. Staff were attentive, however there was a conference on for 2 days & some staff clearly only concentrated on their own, overlooking the guests who were there before/after the conference. For example the spa is next to the dining room and play zone you can hear kids screaming and being kids 😵‍💫 Nice and helpful staff especially Mr. As good as all of this is, what really makes this hotel is the staff. As soon as the staff realised this was affecting our holiday, they opened the snack bar as an additional restaurant area for non-conference guests. Yorum: Great hotel with really good staff. The staff are amazing. As our stay conicided with Eid it was extremely busy of some days but overall the hotel ans staff coped well with this amount of guests. The staff were very helpful and friendly throughout. Wanted to play table tennis and theres 1 bat missing, approached a member of staff and he just shrugged his shoulders and said sorry, a 5 star hotel would approach this in a way 'ill get this fixed for you' rather than 'deal with it do something else'. So, the staff of the hotel not interested to serve you, didn’t approach to offer anything either. All the staff were walking with miserable faces or paying attention to guests who spoke Turkish. The food & entertainment must be improved, so their staff. The staff was perfect. Kudos to the buffet restaurant team, for working hard to clean each table and provide drinks for everyone but honestly they could use more staff there. Yorum: Excellent stay staff very attentive and quick to serve and clean. My one complaint is the activity staff pestered you to play games too much,however they did back off after being spoken too. I would have gave 5 stars but for the activity staff pestering us more than we were comfortable with the first few days. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm, as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Yes only a niggle, as I said before the staff are great and a real pleasure, Hotel should be proud., Update some bar staff can be rude, by just ignoring when you order I drink by serving younger females who just turns up, even thou there's a queue, trained bar staff should know better, 63. Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. Staff treating guests with huge kindness and care. Yorum: Hotel is beautiful in terms of accommodation but the staff make or break the hotel. Minuses, however, are: - gym has an irritating holder, unfriendly and unprofessional staff - lighting and power points in the room few or defective - access cards that do not always work - complaints are heard but not fed back by reception 67. Once reaching the hotel the staff welcomed us warmly and checked us in promptly without any problems. The staff were sometimes over friendly but other than that your in for a great time. Most of the staffs say that they are new and don't know anything. Yorum: Hotel is stunning, staff great. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. All places were very clean, the staff all very nice, even if they don't understand and speak good english. Food is a little repetitive however hotel staff and service is outstanding. Lack of serving and waiting staff in the restaurant. Staff in the restaurants and bars are not particularly friendly and seem stressed. This hotel has only been open a year and staff are not very well trained. The Royal wings has better staff and is a nicer place to be, the royal wings just needs a bit of a referb. Staff was helpful and courteous. The buffet is large and loud but the food was very fresh, tasted great and the staff were very attentive. The staff were excellent there and always made sure we were topped up. We ate well, drank well, had a great room, the hotel was sparkling clean and the staff were all lovely. They are heavily understaffed, getting something to eat in the restaurant is a nightmare! New staff, still training. Food is AMAZING, Staff are soo friendly, attentive, and helpful, hotel is out of this world... Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit. The staff shortage in the hotel is very obvious, you are waiting everywhere. Staff from cleaning team to waiters are working hard, maybe not everyone speak your language but their do their job. Yorum: Really nice hotel decor 10/10 Staff - some staff are not so friendly. Majority of the staff very welcoming. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. Yorum: First of all, the majority of the staffs were very friendly and proactive. Thanks to all the staff in every department who always stayed on their toes to ensure customer satisfaction. The hotel, facilities and staff have without exception measured up well to expectations. Welcoming and attentive staff, large and clean rooms, excellent food, large pools and enough places on sunbeds, in a word excellent! I went for the duplex and it was great and staff are friendly and interested in keeping you comfortable. The staff were really friendly and helpful. Yorum: Service is very poor, staff is rude and not caring. Staff at the restaurant treat you like if you are homeless, begging for food. Yorum: Excellent well appointed accommodation with polite understanding staff. Pools and pier are fabulous and staff can't do enough especially the entertainment team particular Fatos & Halibut lovely girls 😊 … 136. The staff and services are very wick and bad. Staff is helping local people first, which is not fair to me. Thanks to the staff and a big shout out to the entertainments team who make your holiday experience the best I've had in any hotel. Just wish the staff were more happy, otherwise everything else is lovely. Yorum: The hotel was immaculate the service was amazing the staff so friendly and attentive my only gripe would be the food very repetitive and catered for the European clients more and the quite pool and jacuzzi is closed from April to October but my overall experience 11 nights of luxury 146. Yorum: Hotel was amazing, the staff were lovely and the food would suit anyone. The staff are really friendly,happy to help and serve you. Good fresh food nice beach and pools friendly staff OK entertainment had a great atmosphere five star Turkish rated four star in UK imo 160. Food, rooms, staff, pools, entertainment, everything was amazing. Amazing, hardworking staff! Yorum: Horrible experience, the staff at the reception were very rude and racist. Yorum: Just got home after a week with my husdand royal seginus hotel lovely staff want to do everything for you very happy to help well worth a look its beautiful food all drinks pools beach bars rooms are lovely very clean great standards 5 stars entertainment team very nice all work so hard to please everyone truly enjoyable Holliday met some really nice people management are happy to be there for you too anytime Will look forward to seeing you all again soon 😁 166. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. It was at capacity so very busy but the staff worked exceptionally hard to try and keep everyone happy 173. Yorum: The hotel was fantastic but the service zero they didn't have enough staff on hand and although they say all inclusive you have to pay for premium drinks the guest relations in charge was very incoperativ and rude!!!! Staff are amazing without being OTT. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness. Yorum: There from 20 to 27th Dec 2018 Lazy entertainment staff Not much for evenings entertainment a dull experience sorry. Lovely holidays thanks to all royal segnius staff ,miss you all 😍😍😍😍😍🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉 … 190. Yorum: Missing attention to detail for a 5 star Hotel, staff often rude and dismissive, needs updating in parts. Yorum: Very poor hotel , you cannot give it 5 stars and it is not worth the money which you pay , conditions is very bad ,staff is not speak english , pools and facilities are not interesting and as Antalya hotels standards, I don’t recommend it 193. Yorum: The most beautiful hotel and the kindest staff of a beautiful restaurant with magnificent interior architecture 194. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very nice staff, we were glad to stay there. Yorum: The staff was extremely pleasant, and the food was delicious. Yorum: Brilliant holiday at the Royal Seginus Hotel Great staff very friendly And the lady that cooked the Gaousum were first class The jetty out to sea was wonderful Will be back next year 199. Yorum: Absolutely stunning hotel food off the scale,staff ok 202. Yorum: Hotel looks really really nice, food is not that good and the staff needs some more training. Yorum: excellent hotel, clean, staff very friendly food lovely ,animation team great 209. Staff are brill. Yorum: The hotel, room, staff and food are great but it's not on the beach and you have to pay extra for a la carte 214. Yorum: Very nice hotel,staff is friendly the only thing is there no walk clock in the room so keeping up with time was slightly difficult 216. Yorum: Vey nice hotel, the pools are great and the staff is friendly. Yorum: Brilliant place to stay & nice friendly staff 224. Yorum: Absolutely brilliant food staff hotel can not fault it at all 226. Comment: Amazing staff. Yorum: Lovely place, great service, friendly staff and incredibly tasty food! Yorum: Great location and Service, comfortable rooms,great staff 242. Plenty of staff members. Yorum: Fabulous hotel and fabulous staff that really made my holiday. Very well organanized staff !!! Comment: Room size is great, food, staff 256. Yorum: Big room,clean, very good food, friendly staff 271. Yorum: At the main security entrance staffs are so rude 278. Yorum: Fantastic stay the staff so friendly 👏 283. Comment: Great staff. Yorum: The staff were friendly and very professional. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. Yorum: It was a bad experience because i was stolen from the employee of the hotel at the beach several times and i complained to the customer service without any response also I also wrote an email to the mother company without any response so everyone wants to stay at this hotel be careful 143. Yorum: Super dirty and bad customer service 304. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm, as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Good fresh food nice beach and pools friendly staff OK entertainment had a great atmosphere five star Turkish rated four star in UK imo 160. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness. Yorum: Brilliant place to stay & nice friendly staff 224. Yorum: Lovely place, great service, friendly staff and incredibly tasty food! Yorum: Big room,clean, very good food, friendly staff 271. From the inadequate internet and pool space to the disappointing food and unhelpful staff, I cannot recommend this place to fellow travelers. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful. So helpful & friendly. For example the spa is next to the dining room and play zone you can hear kids screaming and being kids 😵‍💫 Nice and helpful staff especially Mr. Reception: unhelpful and fob you off. The staff were very helpful and friendly throughout. Special area for children dinner and breakfast open 1/2 hour before regular dinner that was helpful with children 3. Staff was helpful and courteous. Food is AMAZING, Staff are soo friendly, attentive, and helpful, hotel is out of this world... Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. The staff were really friendly and helpful. She was rude and unhelpfull. The Staff, food, Activities, pools and everything was perfect. The staff were so nice and even the EURO24 was streamed there. Yorum: This is our 4 th visit to this wonderful hotel.|The hotel is spotless all the staff are amazing from the cleaning staff to hotel management,|It’s like coming home |They never forget you and know our names |Are favourite place is the roof … 6. The staff work so hard bless them and are so lovely constantly on the go ! Very clean, staff are all very nice, food is good and a nice variety. Yorum: All the staff are amazing the cocktail guys with|The trolly round poolside are amazing The drinks are out of this world |Anamation are new this year super friendly |Mr Alek only one who has been here years |Is a superstar and a legend … 11. The waitresses are rude and the staff there’s only a few maybe one or two, that are actually decent. Reception staff are rude and worthless, and no English speaking staff. Staff are very unprofessional and un friendly. Yorum: The worst experience in my life ever And the worst staff ever they very very very rude My friend was at the hotel, and I came to him to see if I liked the place or not to book a suite for me and my wife. ,,My wife and I waited in the reception for 2 minutes, and my friend, who is already a guest at the hotel, came Then the staff asked us to leave I told them I will talk to my friend for 10 minutes and if I like the place I will book immediately The manager came to me and told me this is not visit time, I told him that I am in the reception and I do not want to see the hotel. I do not recommend it at all staff is racist, even the managers are, unclean food and bad treatment 21. The staff (apart from entertainment team) are so friendly. Communication with the staff proved to be a struggle due to their lack of English proficiency, making it difficult to convey our concerns and get assistance when needed. To make matters worse, the majority of the guests and staff displayed rude behavior throughout our stay, creating an unpleasant atmosphere. Finally, I found it disheartening that the staff only seemed attentive when tipped, indicating a lack of genuine service and hospitality. From the inadequate internet and pool space to the disappointing food and unhelpful staff, I cannot recommend this place to fellow travelers. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful. The staff member came over and asked us how is our holiday stay going in the hotel. Need training to staff who are working in the reception, for example, English language and keep a smile on face when they talk to the gusts. To add to this the cleaning staff are not good. Staff are truly amazing. Yorum: Came here with my partner and little boy, total family of 22 we have wasted time and money coming here, never come to this hotel When we arrived 3 members of the family were left without there room as the hotel was apparently full and they had no rooms Service is awful from most of the staff 17 out of 22 people in our family have all gotten sickness and diarrhea Food is just repetitive and not very nice The male staff here have extremely disgusting behavior towards women, female guests cannot even walk through the hotel with the slightest amount of skin showing without the staff staring at them, especially the disgusting Turkish bald man who works in the barber shop, countless occasions I’ve caught him doing whatever he can to see a females bum when walking passed, including my partner! The lifts run like the Paris metro, need I say more about it, it takes an age to get anywhere if you have to use them A chef actually asked if I was British to which I said yes so he then asked me if I wanted to tip him, NO Most the staff only appreciate you when tipped and once they know that you do not give out tips they just try ti avoid you Now there are some nice staff here that stand out from the rest but the others just ruin it Staff constantly trying to blag you into using the Turkish spas, water sports and tattoo services just to grab your bucks Bingo tickets given to you as if they are free and then staff act like bailiffs 1 or 2 days later wanting 30 euros from you or the ticket’s back What is meant to be an all inclusive hotel charges you for a game of pool or snooker, you have to pay a fee to leave the all inclusive restaurant with any form of food taken from their The mini bar in your room is almost everyday forgotten about when it needs filling Two of our rooms had things stolen from, the reception staff know this happens by the way but does nothing about it! Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Totally out of line My partner and 2 other female members of the family tried to sort out an issue we had with the late checkout with a male member of staff on reception who was disgustingly rude and did not seem interested until myself and my brother in law went up to sort the problem. Nice staff! The staff was often very good. The staff couldn't do more for us will definitely return again 37. Unfortunately, we didn't like the bottom line (value for money), we saved too much on the staff (services in the restaurants) for food and drinks you waited about an hour. the cleaning staff in the outside area do their best. Staff were attentive, however there was a conference on for 2 days & some staff clearly only concentrated on their own, overlooking the guests who were there before/after the conference. For example the spa is next to the dining room and play zone you can hear kids screaming and being kids 😵‍💫 Nice and helpful staff especially Mr. As good as all of this is, what really makes this hotel is the staff. As soon as the staff realised this was affecting our holiday, they opened the snack bar as an additional restaurant area for non-conference guests. Yorum: Great hotel with really good staff. The staff are amazing. As our stay conicided with Eid it was extremely busy of some days but overall the hotel ans staff coped well with this amount of guests. The staff were very helpful and friendly throughout. Wanted to play table tennis and theres 1 bat missing, approached a member of staff and he just shrugged his shoulders and said sorry, a 5 star hotel would approach this in a way 'ill get this fixed for you' rather than 'deal with it do something else'. So, the staff of the hotel not interested to serve you, didn’t approach to offer anything either. All the staff were walking with miserable faces or paying attention to guests who spoke Turkish. The food & entertainment must be improved, so their staff. The staff was perfect. Kudos to the buffet restaurant team, for working hard to clean each table and provide drinks for everyone but honestly they could use more staff there. Yorum: Excellent stay staff very attentive and quick to serve and clean. My one complaint is the activity staff pestered you to play games too much,however they did back off after being spoken too. I would have gave 5 stars but for the activity staff pestering us more than we were comfortable with the first few days. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm, as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Yes only a niggle, as I said before the staff are great and a real pleasure, Hotel should be proud., Update some bar staff can be rude, by just ignoring when you order I drink by serving younger females who just turns up, even thou there's a queue, trained bar staff should know better, 63. Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. Staff treating guests with huge kindness and care. Yorum: Hotel is beautiful in terms of accommodation but the staff make or break the hotel. Minuses, however, are: - gym has an irritating holder, unfriendly and unprofessional staff - lighting and power points in the room few or defective - access cards that do not always work - complaints are heard but not fed back by reception 67. Once reaching the hotel the staff welcomed us warmly and checked us in promptly without any problems. The staff were sometimes over friendly but other than that your in for a great time. Most of the staffs say that they are new and don't know anything. Yorum: Hotel is stunning, staff great. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. All places were very clean, the staff all very nice, even if they don't understand and speak good english. Food is a little repetitive however hotel staff and service is outstanding. Lack of serving and waiting staff in the restaurant. Staff in the restaurants and bars are not particularly friendly and seem stressed. This hotel has only been open a year and staff are not very well trained. The Royal wings has better staff and is a nicer place to be, the royal wings just needs a bit of a referb. Staff was helpful and courteous. The buffet is large and loud but the food was very fresh, tasted great and the staff were very attentive. The staff were excellent there and always made sure we were topped up. We ate well, drank well, had a great room, the hotel was sparkling clean and the staff were all lovely. They are heavily understaffed, getting something to eat in the restaurant is a nightmare! New staff, still training. Food is AMAZING, Staff are soo friendly, attentive, and helpful, hotel is out of this world... Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit. The staff shortage in the hotel is very obvious, you are waiting everywhere. Staff from cleaning team to waiters are working hard, maybe not everyone speak your language but their do their job. Yorum: Really nice hotel decor 10/10 Staff - some staff are not so friendly. Majority of the staff very welcoming. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. Yorum: First of all, the majority of the staffs were very friendly and proactive. Thanks to all the staff in every department who always stayed on their toes to ensure customer satisfaction. The hotel, facilities and staff have without exception measured up well to expectations. Welcoming and attentive staff, large and clean rooms, excellent food, large pools and enough places on sunbeds, in a word excellent! I went for the duplex and it was great and staff are friendly and interested in keeping you comfortable. The staff were really friendly and helpful. Yorum: Service is very poor, staff is rude and not caring. Staff at the restaurant treat you like if you are homeless, begging for food. Yorum: Excellent well appointed accommodation with polite understanding staff. Pools and pier are fabulous and staff can't do enough especially the entertainment team particular Fatos & Halibut lovely girls 😊 … 136. The staff and services are very wick and bad. Staff is helping local people first, which is not fair to me. Thanks to the staff and a big shout out to the entertainments team who make your holiday experience the best I've had in any hotel. Just wish the staff were more happy, otherwise everything else is lovely. Yorum: The hotel was immaculate the service was amazing the staff so friendly and attentive my only gripe would be the food very repetitive and catered for the European clients more and the quite pool and jacuzzi is closed from April to October but my overall experience 11 nights of luxury 146. Yorum: Hotel was amazing, the staff were lovely and the food would suit anyone. The staff are really friendly,happy to help and serve you. Good fresh food nice beach and pools friendly staff OK entertainment had a great atmosphere five star Turkish rated four star in UK imo 160. Food, rooms, staff, pools, entertainment, everything was amazing. Amazing, hardworking staff! Yorum: Horrible experience, the staff at the reception were very rude and racist. Yorum: Just got home after a week with my husdand royal seginus hotel lovely staff want to do everything for you very happy to help well worth a look its beautiful food all drinks pools beach bars rooms are lovely very clean great standards 5 stars entertainment team very nice all work so hard to please everyone truly enjoyable Holliday met some really nice people management are happy to be there for you too anytime Will look forward to seeing you all again soon 😁 166. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. It was at capacity so very busy but the staff worked exceptionally hard to try and keep everyone happy 173. Yorum: The hotel was fantastic but the service zero they didn't have enough staff on hand and although they say all inclusive you have to pay for premium drinks the guest relations in charge was very incoperativ and rude!!!! Staff are amazing without being OTT. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness. Yorum: There from 20 to 27th Dec 2018 Lazy entertainment staff Not much for evenings entertainment a dull experience sorry. Lovely holidays thanks to all royal segnius staff ,miss you all 😍😍😍😍😍🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉 … 190. Yorum: Missing attention to detail for a 5 star Hotel, staff often rude and dismissive, needs updating in parts. Yorum: Very poor hotel , you cannot give it 5 stars and it is not worth the money which you pay , conditions is very bad ,staff is not speak english , pools and facilities are not interesting and as Antalya hotels standards, I don’t recommend it 193. Yorum: The most beautiful hotel and the kindest staff of a beautiful restaurant with magnificent interior architecture 194. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very nice staff, we were glad to stay there. Yorum: The staff was extremely pleasant, and the food was delicious. Yorum: Brilliant holiday at the Royal Seginus Hotel Great staff very friendly And the lady that cooked the Gaousum were first class The jetty out to sea was wonderful Will be back next year 199. Yorum: Absolutely stunning hotel food off the scale,staff ok 202. Yorum: Hotel looks really really nice, food is not that good and the staff needs some more training. Yorum: excellent hotel, clean, staff very friendly food lovely ,animation team great 209. Staff are brill. Yorum: The hotel, room, staff and food are great but it's not on the beach and you have to pay extra for a la carte 214. Yorum: Very nice hotel,staff is friendly the only thing is there no walk clock in the room so keeping up with time was slightly difficult 216. Yorum: Vey nice hotel, the pools are great and the staff is friendly. Yorum: Brilliant place to stay & nice friendly staff 224. Yorum: Absolutely brilliant food staff hotel can not fault it at all 226. Comment: Amazing staff. Yorum: Lovely place, great service, friendly staff and incredibly tasty food! Yorum: Great location and Service, comfortable rooms,great staff 242. Plenty of staff members. Yorum: Fabulous hotel and fabulous staff that really made my holiday. Very well organanized staff !!! Comment: Room size is great, food, staff 256. Yorum: Big room,clean, very good food, friendly staff 271. Yorum: At the main security entrance staffs are so rude 278. Yorum: Fantastic stay the staff so friendly 👏 283. Comment: Great staff. Yorum: The staff were friendly and very professional. Good if you like walking too, nice covered path to the beach, or a buggy service if you don't want to walk. The service is very good. lobby is so large and i surprised how they make drink service that fast. First and foremost, the internet service was extremely poor. The hotel's amenities and services proved to be inadequate as well. Finally, I found it disheartening that the staff only seemed attentive when tipped, indicating a lack of genuine service and hospitality. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. Spa services are one of the bests and they serve good drinks. The food was good and the service too, you can find always your spot to feel relaxed and enjoy your moment, and it's in the middle of Antalya so you can do a lot of activities. Service and food was okay. The food was generally good and service was quick and efficient. Room service was very average and actions of guest relations were very good and quick at times and at other times, the offered service would fall in mediocre range. Yorum: Came here with my partner and little boy, total family of 22 we have wasted time and money coming here, never come to this hotel When we arrived 3 members of the family were left without there room as the hotel was apparently full and they had no rooms Service is awful from most of the staff 17 out of 22 people in our family have all gotten sickness and diarrhea Food is just repetitive and not very nice The male staff here have extremely disgusting behavior towards women, female guests cannot even walk through the hotel with the slightest amount of skin showing without the staff staring at them, especially the disgusting Turkish bald man who works in the barber shop, countless occasions I’ve caught him doing whatever he can to see a females bum when walking passed, including my partner! The lifts run like the Paris metro, need I say more about it, it takes an age to get anywhere if you have to use them A chef actually asked if I was British to which I said yes so he then asked me if I wanted to tip him, NO Most the staff only appreciate you when tipped and once they know that you do not give out tips they just try ti avoid you Now there are some nice staff here that stand out from the rest but the others just ruin it Staff constantly trying to blag you into using the Turkish spas, water sports and tattoo services just to grab your bucks Bingo tickets given to you as if they are free and then staff act like bailiffs 1 or 2 days later wanting 30 euros from you or the ticket’s back What is meant to be an all inclusive hotel charges you for a game of pool or snooker, you have to pay a fee to leave the all inclusive restaurant with any form of food taken from their The mini bar in your room is almost everyday forgotten about when it needs filling Two of our rooms had things stolen from, the reception staff know this happens by the way but does nothing about it! Unfortunately, we didn't like the bottom line (value for money), we saved too much on the staff (services in the restaurants) for food and drinks you waited about an hour. Yorum: Its only a commercial hotel , the service is very bad. The workers only work fo tips , without tips they dont give you a service, and they ask for tips (bakhshiish). Hint: go to the restaurant half-way between hotel and beach for lunch, it’s the only one included within all-inclusive that is table-service and so makes a better meal without rushing to buffet style, especially if you have children. Everything was perfect, starting with accommodation to food and hotel services. Although there are many positive factors I strongly deep inside do not believe the service is 5 star. Services are not organised and they run close to you without see your needs. The service is very slow and sometimes even unresponsive. (A lot of variety but the taste is really 😒) But I wish they do a better job in future especially the services provided, room service, bell boy ext. Yes, initially they had some minor issues with the service. Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. Yorum: Reception, service, employees, room cleaning are all of good quality. Yorum: In my opinion, the most important thing that should be in a hotel is service. Service quality at this hotel is below average. First of all, the room and restaurants services is just 3-4 stars ! So expensive for this service what they offer ! Food wasn’t self service because of Covid-19, but that made long queues on food service. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. Still great vacation, huge house with 60 qm rooms, nicely decorated, perfect for kinds and families, various and tasty food, frendly service. Food is a little repetitive however hotel staff and service is outstanding. Yorum: The facility and location are nice, but the service is worse as how it can be worse. Ultra all-inclusive service just by foods is not this, this is not correct, just hotel saying this. I recommend lighting the green button for house keeping service in your room. Yorum: The facilitites are great, rooms are quite big and comfy, BUT and that's a big one - the service is one of the worst I've experienced. One thing i wasnt happy about was not having a iron in my and the service takes a long time to bring clothes back so had to walk around with creased clothes. On the way from the airport to the hotel the thomas cook rep said that if you like the transfer guys service tip him bearing in mind we have paid for transfers, we decided not to tip him and see how he was at the end. At the hotel service can be slow, with waiters having faces on at times. We couldn’t get any service during our 3 days holiday at this hotel. Yorum: Nice hotel and very nice service. But they have a electric Buggy service which holds 10 people and gets u there in about under 2 mins. Medical room - doctor on-sight Room service - 9/10 very good and nice and tidy Bedrooms - 9/10 you have your own steam room in the bathroom. Special thanks to our pool watier ORHAN CAKIR who ensured to keep us hydrated throughout the day with refreshments and always delivering a service with a smile. The food and service is fantastic. When you ask stuff about services that they should provide they just say ask reception. I think that have so many guest and they don’t care about services that they should provide. - for such services, 7 nights seems few) I highly recommend the Stone Group hotels 121. Although there is a tipping culture, it seems that IF you tip, then you receive the BASE level of service. Costumer services is bad, they dont inform people you have the availblity to visit all royals if you like. Comment: 3 stars for service. The food are super, enough place for sitting, fast service. Yorum: Service is very poor, staff is rude and not caring. Service was a mixture. Yorum: Poor service WiFi rubbish house keeping was non existent begging for toilet rolls and water bearing in mind it was 40 degrees every day all got food poisoning in the Turk restaurant hotel not interested we ended up eating out after paying for all inclusive would not recommend this hotel at all !!! The staff and services are very wick and bad. Service is not very greats. Yorum: It was a bad experience because i was stolen from the employee of the hotel at the beach several times and i complained to the customer service without any response also I also wrote an email to the mother company without any response so everyone wants to stay at this hotel be careful 143. Yorum: The hotel was immaculate the service was amazing the staff so friendly and attentive my only gripe would be the food very repetitive and catered for the European clients more and the quite pool and jacuzzi is closed from April to October but my overall experience 11 nights of luxury 146. Yorum: We have had a fantastic time, good food, fantastic service, I recommend visit Teppanyaki restaurant very impressive and extremely delicious. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service. Yorum: service very bad food more poisons than food we were all exhausted for 5 days we could not live on their food the only place where you should not go they are really frivolous among the poisoned food there were also children a shame 149. Yorum: This hotel was amazing the beds were really comfortable and the service is really good the food was delicious the shows were really nice and fun I had so much fun in the aqua park everything was fantastic! Yorum: The services here are absolutely amazing, the people here welcome you like a family and make you feel at home the people at fancy diamond and Benetti bags and shoes as well as the other places offer amazing prices and services, highly recommend trying these places out! I came from America in hopes to stay a few days in Antalya, but the hotel service was so horrible I left right there and then. The food service was 1st class a pool to die for and the beach was brilliant as for the room duplex style was fantastic 😎😎😎 … 167. Yorum: Hotel excellent very comfortable very clean personal very serviceable choices of food every night cuisine exceptional it's a must I am with family an it's a pleasure to stay in this beautiful hotel... Yorum: The hotel was fantastic but the service zero they didn't have enough staff on hand and although they say all inclusive you have to pay for premium drinks the guest relations in charge was very incoperativ and rude!!!! Comment: Best service ever! Yorum: Great hotel ,great service I really enjoyed with my family. Good service and quality food. Yorum: Great service, delicious food, comfortable rooms, worm, quite and wonderful amenities 201. Yorum: Very good and beautiful hotel, very nice service, perfect mood to relax. Yorum: Quality beach HOTEL preferred for our antalya airport transfer services 223. Met amazing people and the service was incredible. excellent service 231. amazing service . Yorum: Lovely place, great service, friendly staff and incredibly tasty food! Service is great and needs for everyone. Yorum: Very friendly staf, very good service, very delicious food, very clean highly recommended 9,5/10 👍🏻 238. Yorum: Great location and Service, comfortable rooms,great staff 242. Service is almost 5. Yorum: good food, good service, nice hotel. Yorum: It is all good very nice service but the internet is catastrophic 251. Yorum: great hotel great food great service 252. Yorum: Can't believe the service and excellent facilities. Yorum: Bad restaurant service, bad food, noisy pools, not turkish 5 * standard 265. Yorum: Nice hotel, good food and service. Yorum: Amazing hotel, quality, service and food! Yorum: Good hotel for family holiday top service 277. Yorum: Wonderful hotel and great service 292. Yorum: Excellent accomodation, food and service! Yorum: A New and very Luxury Hotel with excellent Service! Yorum: Attention to detail, 5star service and a fun filles place 298. Yorum: Great place, very clean, very good services 299. Yorum: Super dirty and bad customer service 304. good but bad internet services 305. Yorum: Food and service was not Good 310. Yorum: Very good services, I recommend! Yorum: Service on top Everything was Ok 318. Yorum: Service on top Everything was Ok

Rating for Water Slides: 7.6
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 211
All results text for Water Slides: Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. Kids loved the water slides and pools. There is a range of water slides and also have an indoor pool. The water slides were great fun and the lifeguards are very tuned in and take little nonsense without spoiling anyone's fun. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. Yorum: Perfect place for a wonderful holiday, food superb, great water slides ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 259. Yorum: Great hotel, fantastic through and through Children's fairground in the evening, toddlers splash park as well as the adults aqua park. The aqua park is great. Yorum: One of the best hotels for kids in Antalya , great food great hospitality great aqua park 118. Yorum: This hotel was amazing the beds were really comfortable and the service is really good the food was delicious the shows were really nice and fun I had so much fun in the aqua park everything was fantastic! Yorum: Awesome, great aqua park, food and room 😊👍 … 261. My kids enjoyed the swimming pool, slides, outdoor food corner, and funfair. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. The safety in this hotel is abysmal, floors around the hotel are slippery, I fell walking over the bridge at night, so did my partners auntie in the same spot the night following, I saw a small child hot the back of their head on the side of the children’s pool while walking to get in, luckily he was okay and didn’t seem too hurt, there are 0 life guard's watching the children’s pools either, the snake slide is also dangerous, my brother in law and his child actually fell out of the dingy, also if you do not lift up your bum on the dingy on that slide you will risk really hurting yourself as I did, they do not warn you about this before riding, there is a flat point at the bottom of the drop with will catch your bottom, it really does hurt! The pools and slides were great. Kids loved the water slides and pools. There is a range of water slides and also have an indoor pool. The hotel is beautiful, looks luxurious and the slides are extremely fun. Slides have been working, but only some of them. Be aware, that if your child under 12, adult must go with a child on a slide. Only a few slides where our child could go on his own. Water park was full of amazing slides for all ages, special area for children 3 y and above and another special area of water playground for babies 6 months - 3 years 2. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. The water slides were great fun and the lifeguards are very tuned in and take little nonsense without spoiling anyone's fun. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. My husband and daughter had an accident on one of the slides, they fell out of the inflatable and were trying to get out of the slide area, the girl was crying because of the strong hit on hear head and the people in charge let more people jump, my husband had to dodge those who came as best he could and then came the lifeguard to yell at him, asking him to leave the area without giving any help, my husband explained that they had an accident and the man continues to scream at him, came another one and started yelling at him in Turkish... Great pools and slides. fab pools, slides are great, everyone loves a funfair, and kids water climbing frames are a big hit, with adults and kids lol... Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit. Pools - 8-9/10 children's pool really good with slides. Adults slides are also good. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. A lot of pools, water playgrounds for babies, youngs and a super waterpark with slides. Yorum: Very nice hotel with big room lots of pools and slides loads to do we will be going back 8n the future 155. Yorum: Very beautiful place, the recreation places like pools, slides, etc. Yorum: Perfect place for a wonderful holiday, food superb, great water slides ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 259. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. There are also lots of cons, if you want a cocktail there is a 70% it will be rubbish, it is a gamble depending who is serving you, one person may make your pina colada lovely another bloke will splash rum and pineapple juice in a cup and hand it to you, previously drinks like Jack daniels were included in all inclusive however now there is a charge. Yorum: Great hotel, fantastic through and through Children's fairground in the evening, toddlers splash park as well as the adults aqua park. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. Beautiful settings around the pool, geared up for families with waterpark and funfair and close to the beach. Pools & waterparks great but very cold. A lot of pools, water playgrounds for babies, youngs and a super waterpark with slides. Yorum: Very nice and luxuary hotel very clean and the employees were nice the waterpark was nice 230. There are 4 separate pools and a water park that the kids loved. The hotel was amazing, it was clean, comfortable and had lots to do with the pools, the water park, the beach and peer, … 4. The Staff, food, Activities, pools and everything was perfect. The pools … 9. Yorum: All the staff are amazing the cocktail guys with|The trolly round poolside are amazing The drinks are out of this world |Anamation are new this year super friendly |Mr Alek only one who has been here years |Is a superstar and a legend … 11. Yorum: Beautiful hotel/complex, fantastic pool areas, all spotlessly clean, good food, only downside was my wife's necklace was stolen out of our room, and the woman opposite us had here sunglasses stolen, such a shame. Great pools and restaurants. Beautiful settings around the pool, geared up for families with waterpark and funfair and close to the beach. Unfortunately, they don't have a pool with warm water outside, which is very important at the end of the season, inside the pool was closed!!! Pool party was a joke! Another major concern was the lack of available space at the pool. Furthermore, the hotel lacked any sort of nightlife or daytime activities, other than the pool. Even basic sanitation was a concern, as the pool toilets emitted foul odors throughout the day, without any apparent cleaning efforts. From the inadequate internet and pool space to the disappointing food and unhelpful staff, I cannot recommend this place to fellow travelers. My kids enjoyed the swimming pool, slides, outdoor food corner, and funfair. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool. I am 6'1 and there is not a deep pool. Also arabian customers did lots of problem in the pool. Pools & waterparks great but very cold. The pools were pretty good and well maintained. The safety in this hotel is abysmal, floors around the hotel are slippery, I fell walking over the bridge at night, so did my partners auntie in the same spot the night following, I saw a small child hot the back of their head on the side of the children’s pool while walking to get in, luckily he was okay and didn’t seem too hurt, there are 0 life guard's watching the children’s pools either, the snake slide is also dangerous, my brother in law and his child actually fell out of the dingy, also if you do not lift up your bum on the dingy on that slide you will risk really hurting yourself as I did, they do not warn you about this before riding, there is a flat point at the bottom of the drop with will catch your bottom, it really does hurt! The lifts run like the Paris metro, need I say more about it, it takes an age to get anywhere if you have to use them A chef actually asked if I was British to which I said yes so he then asked me if I wanted to tip him, NO Most the staff only appreciate you when tipped and once they know that you do not give out tips they just try ti avoid you Now there are some nice staff here that stand out from the rest but the others just ruin it Staff constantly trying to blag you into using the Turkish spas, water sports and tattoo services just to grab your bucks Bingo tickets given to you as if they are free and then staff act like bailiffs 1 or 2 days later wanting 30 euros from you or the ticket’s back What is meant to be an all inclusive hotel charges you for a game of pool or snooker, you have to pay a fee to leave the all inclusive restaurant with any form of food taken from their The mini bar in your room is almost everyday forgotten about when it needs filling Two of our rooms had things stolen from, the reception staff know this happens by the way but does nothing about it! The pools and slides were great. Also the program at the pool, for example aqua gym. They could have an in-between pool there's only 0.30m or 1.40m nothing in between. The internal pool was very cold while winter. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. Kids loved the water slides and pools. We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. There is a range of water slides and also have an indoor pool. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. The pool area is very chilled and relaxing with a large bar area to get drinks. However if you like being around the pool you’ll be more than happy. Like always in Turkey you have to put your towel on the bed at the pool if you want a decent spot. Pools are good. For lunch, you do not have to visit the main restaurant, but there are also restaurants located at the pool and on your way to the beach for a bite. The pools and the entertainment are all to a high standard. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm, as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. Heated pool was warm even in cooler days. Desserts and food on pool was good but I expected for better quality according to price I paid. Large clean pools 6. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. Beautiful gardens and pools and a must stay hotel. It is impossible to find sun beds around the pool. BUT the internet is a desaster - at the beach and pool area is a doesn't work most of the time at all, even in the rooms the connection getting lost every two minutes. The main pool is big and there are many sun chairs, so you can find a place even if you are late in the morning. Entertainment during the day in the pool area as well is the evening at the auditorium. The pools are great. Bad points You can't take food back to your sunbeds from the food corners around the pool. Please put the heating on in the pools in October... In door and outdoor pools are also available. Check in was a breeze and we were delighted with our room which had loads of space including a separate dressing area, spacious shower room including built in sauna, large double bed, inclusive mini bar, balcony and great view of the pool area. The pool area has lots of beds and we had no trouble getting a space. The food at the pool consists of a large cafe area with different sections which open at staggered times. The evening entertainment at the pool side is pretty decent and can get a bit lively but all good fun. If you are not in the pool, what is the point of occupying the deck chairs? Great pools and slides. Pool inside was really cold and needed to be alot warmer. fab pools, slides are great, everyone loves a funfair, and kids water climbing frames are a big hit, with adults and kids lol... The swimming pool is very cold and also the jacuzzi is cold. Pools, bars, restaurants and plenty activities for kids and adults. Pools - 8-9/10 children's pool really good with slides. Also have activities at the pool through out the day. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. Special thanks to our pool watier ORHAN CAKIR who ensured to keep us hydrated throughout the day with refreshments and always delivering a service with a smile. Yorum: We were really satisfied with yhe hotel, the beach, pools and the whole territory 8n general! Also it was impossible for me to connect from the pool or beach. SPA is not real SPA, for some reason they are closing indoor pool so you can’t use it?! Welcoming and attentive staff, large and clean rooms, excellent food, large pools and enough places on sunbeds, in a word excellent! Also pools are not heated after march coming in early may the pools are also very cold, assume in peak this isn't a problem. Only a pool around 80cm is missing for the childrens. The pools are a little small and what I saw there are not enough sunlounges when the hotel is full. The animation during the day take part in the smallest pool, so clearly this is a downside. A downsize of this hotel is the parking wich is outside the hotel near the main bulevard, and the indoor swimming pool wich is not heated. It's incredibly that a five star hotel has such worse indoor swimming pool. Yorum: Very modern place, large pools, lots of space and sun beds, rooms are incredible. Yorum: Really nice hotel, just a shame the pool was so cool we could hardly use it, even the kids pools and indoor. Pools and pier are fabulous and staff can't do enough especially the entertainment team particular Fatos & Halibut lovely girls 😊 … 136. would turn off randomly & pools are really cold. Could've atleast have a heated indoor pool but I did enjoy my stay ! The pool is big. There is a food court on pool side open from 11am-16pm with toast, pizzas, french fries, oinon rings, chicken and fish fries, döner, sandwiches, backed potato, Turkish pizza, gözleme, pancakes and waffle, icecream, fruits. A lot of pools, water playgrounds for babies, youngs and a super waterpark with slides. Yorum: The hotel was immaculate the service was amazing the staff so friendly and attentive my only gripe would be the food very repetitive and catered for the European clients more and the quite pool and jacuzzi is closed from April to October but my overall experience 11 nights of luxury 146. pools very very good. Yorum: Had the most amazing time pools clean food was delish a little away from the main buzz but a 15 min walk at most rooms amazing 154. Yorum: Very nice hotel with big room lots of pools and slides loads to do we will be going back 8n the future 155. Good fresh food nice beach and pools friendly staff OK entertainment had a great atmosphere five star Turkish rated four star in UK imo 160. Food, rooms, staff, pools, entertainment, everything was amazing. Yorum: Just got home after a week with my husdand royal seginus hotel lovely staff want to do everything for you very happy to help well worth a look its beautiful food all drinks pools beach bars rooms are lovely very clean great standards 5 stars entertainment team very nice all work so hard to please everyone truly enjoyable Holliday met some really nice people management are happy to be there for you too anytime Will look forward to seeing you all again soon 😁 166. The food service was 1st class a pool to die for and the beach was brilliant as for the room duplex style was fantastic 😎😎😎 … 167. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. Yorum: Wow an amazing hotel, plenty of food choices, clean and lots of pools to choose from. Amazing pools . swimming pools absolutely freezing .. Yorum: Very poor hotel , you cannot give it 5 stars and it is not worth the money which you pay , conditions is very bad ,staff is not speak english , pools and facilities are not interesting and as Antalya hotels standards, I don’t recommend it 193. Yorum: Very beautiful place, the recreation places like pools, slides, etc. Yorum: Vey nice hotel, the pools are great and the staff is friendly. Comment: Great pools. Yorum: Bad restaurant service, bad food, noisy pools, not turkish 5 * standard 265. Yorum: Amazing rooms and pools and the veiw is very good 267. There are 4 separate pools and a water park that the kids loved. The hotel was amazing, it was clean, comfortable and had lots to do with the pools, the water park, the beach and peer, … 4. Beautiful settings around the pool, geared up for families with waterpark and funfair and close to the beach. Unfortunately, they don't have a pool with warm water outside, which is very important at the end of the season, inside the pool was closed!!! Moreover, the water bottles provided at the bar were always warm, with no access to cold water anywhere on the premises. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. Steak, lamb chops, were very hard to cut through Water sports were good but expensive but also worth it. Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool. Pools & waterparks great but very cold. The lifts run like the Paris metro, need I say more about it, it takes an age to get anywhere if you have to use them A chef actually asked if I was British to which I said yes so he then asked me if I wanted to tip him, NO Most the staff only appreciate you when tipped and once they know that you do not give out tips they just try ti avoid you Now there are some nice staff here that stand out from the rest but the others just ruin it Staff constantly trying to blag you into using the Turkish spas, water sports and tattoo services just to grab your bucks Bingo tickets given to you as if they are free and then staff act like bailiffs 1 or 2 days later wanting 30 euros from you or the ticket’s back What is meant to be an all inclusive hotel charges you for a game of pool or snooker, you have to pay a fee to leave the all inclusive restaurant with any form of food taken from their The mini bar in your room is almost everyday forgotten about when it needs filling Two of our rooms had things stolen from, the reception staff know this happens by the way but does nothing about it! Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Yorum: Outstanding places its my 1st day i booked full board suite Water park is great kids enjoyed a lot Food is good Yes some things a seprate from full board Beach is nice they have shuttle to beach as resort is too big so shuttle is nice Many bars and couple of activites for kids all in all an amazing experience 36. Kids loved the water slides and pools. There is a range of water slides and also have an indoor pool. The photographer promised us digital photos in addition to the photos we purchased but when we went to collect demanded more money, the shops inside the hotel are beyond ridiculous when it comes to pricing, a water cannon toy which I literally purchased in England costs £1.00 im the shop costs 10 euros. Water park for kids and babies is great. In mini bar you can find water, juice, cola, beer and other drinks. Yorum: It's my second day in Royal Seginus Hotel, rooms are big and very nice facilities (water games closed in winter). Water park was full of amazing slides for all ages, special area for children 3 y and above and another special area of water playground for babies 6 months - 3 years 2. It took about 6 attempts every morning to get sparkling water. Separate kids water park, carnival style rides and cafe available. The water slides were great fun and the lifeguards are very tuned in and take little nonsense without spoiling anyone's fun. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. The water on the beach is very deep ... in 2 m from the shore the water is already 2m deep. fab pools, slides are great, everyone loves a funfair, and kids water climbing frames are a big hit, with adults and kids lol... Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit. The kids loved the water park 128. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. Yorum: Poor service WiFi rubbish house keeping was non existent begging for toilet rolls and water bearing in mind it was 40 degrees every day all got food poisoning in the Turk restaurant hotel not interested we ended up eating out after paying for all inclusive would not recommend this hotel at all !!! The menus are fantastic and the waterspouts and beach & Pier facilities are wonderful too. The water was cold in first 4 days then started to get warmer. A lot of pools, water playgrounds for babies, youngs and a super waterpark with slides. Lots of swimming and water park, it's shame in the evening was slightly ABIT Boring. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. Yorum: Very nice and luxuary hotel very clean and the employees were nice the waterpark was nice 230. Yorum: Perfect place for a wonderful holiday, food superb, great water slides ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 259. My kids enjoyed the swimming pool, slides, outdoor food corner, and funfair. Yorum: One of the worst experience ever I'm traveling almost monthly with my family But I never felt unsafe as it happened with me in this hotel Me and my wife and three kids booked in this hotel last week For 7 hights We take a complex room no 1955 (a&b) Everything was going well untill the fifth day my daughter felt a little sick So she prefer to stay at the room that day and me and the rest of my family went to the swimming suddenly my daughter (13) years old called me asking for help!!! The swimming pool is very cold and also the jacuzzi is cold. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. A downsize of this hotel is the parking wich is outside the hotel near the main bulevard, and the indoor swimming pool wich is not heated. It's incredibly that a five star hotel has such worse indoor swimming pool. Lots of swimming and water park, it's shame in the evening was slightly ABIT Boring. swimming pools absolutely freezing .. Yorum: All the staff are amazing the cocktail guys with|The trolly round poolside are amazing The drinks are out of this world |Anamation are new this year super friendly |Mr Alek only one who has been here years |Is a superstar and a legend … 11. Yorum: Beautiful hotel/complex, fantastic pool areas, all spotlessly clean, good food, only downside was my wife's necklace was stolen out of our room, and the woman opposite us had here sunglasses stolen, such a shame. Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. The pool area is very chilled and relaxing with a large bar area to get drinks. BUT the internet is a desaster - at the beach and pool area is a doesn't work most of the time at all, even in the rooms the connection getting lost every two minutes. Entertainment during the day in the pool area as well is the evening at the auditorium. Check in was a breeze and we were delighted with our room which had loads of space including a separate dressing area, spacious shower room including built in sauna, large double bed, inclusive mini bar, balcony and great view of the pool area. The pool area has lots of beds and we had no trouble getting a space. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip ….

Rating for Transportation Options: 7.3
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 152
All results text for Transportation Options: They arranged everything for us to go to the hospital (transport, medical report, etc). Yorum: We had a bad experience with a taxi driver which has been ordered through the hotel “reception”. After we left the hotel on 25th December with the taxi, then the taxi rejected to turn on the taxi meter and asked us to leave the taxi around 500m from the hotel. We have reported the case to the hotel because the taxi was called through them but they haven’t take any action. We felt insulted and the hotel shall make sure that the taxi company follow the rules to maintain tourism in Antalya. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service. It is close to the airport and close to Mall of Anatolia. Yorum: The transfer from the airport to the hotel was quick and comfortable. On the way from the airport to the hotel the thomas cook rep said that if you like the transfer guys service tip him bearing in mind we have paid for transfers, we decided not to tip him and see how he was at the end. Within 30 minutes of the airport having dropped guests off at 3 other hotels first. Yorum: Quality beach HOTEL preferred for our antalya airport transfer services 223. But it was very busy and messy. Bus stop close to hotel to go into Antalya city or terracitty mall. I was very grateful for the advice and help to take the bus into Antalya's old town. It was terribly busy. The beach is 5 minute walk away and there is also shuttle buses every few minutes to take you. As our stay conicided with Eid it was extremely busy of some days but overall the hotel ans staff coped well with this amount of guests. If you are too lazy to walk for 3 minutes to the beach, you can take the shuttle bus. The restaurant does get quite busy so you have to time it right. There is a chef named “Bilal” who sits on pubs, he is such a disaster, I don’t think he knows this business. I dont see why most facility's had to be down just because it wasnt a busy season i felt like i missed out abit. Yorum: Pro: Nice hotel, Huge rooms, very clean, sun beds and shade on the beach, also very clean, stuff wearing gloves and masks, changing beach towels every day, shuttle bus to the beach Cons: not to many food choices (no food for vegetarians, or allergies) just 1 or 2 choices. Employee has to know how to appeal guest regardless of the price in a business, especially if here is a hotel, a 5 star hotel. Animator states its a businessman hotel, but is sold to you as holiday hotel. So we know guys it's to expansive to treat people like this put your price down and make business or you will be empty like this all the time and go around to ask people to come, if you put good prices people come to you them self. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service. It was at capacity so very busy but the staff worked exceptionally hard to try and keep everyone happy 173. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness. Need training to staff who are working in the reception, for example, English language and keep a smile on face when they talk to the gusts. Many families we spoke with had same issue and were constrained to room; or worse, were hospitalised. Generally the motivation and training of the employes is not good enough. Yes only a niggle, as I said before the staff are great and a real pleasure, Hotel should be proud., Update some bar staff can be rude, by just ignoring when you order I drink by serving younger females who just turns up, even thou there's a queue, trained bar staff should know better, 63. This hotel has only been open a year and staff are not very well trained. New staff, still training. Talking about sprinting, there is a fully equipped gym with all the new high tech treadmills, cross trainers, excersise bikes, and other weight trainers, leg press, dumbbells etc. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service. Yorum: Hotel looks really really nice, food is not that good and the staff needs some more training. A downsize of this hotel is the parking wich is outside the hotel near the main bulevard, and the indoor swimming pool wich is not heated. Location is fab. Yorum: The facility and location are nice, but the service is worse as how it can be worse. Personally I think this is a great location for young adults or those with older kids. The location is not really good and their definition of sea view room is somewhat different from the rest of the world... Enjoyed the food and entertainment, brilliant location as everything is close by. Yorum: Great location and Service, comfortable rooms,great staff 242. Yorum: It is a extraordinary location for spending a vacantion with your family. Yorum: Lovely view great location too. Yorum: Ants in the hotel room, poor wifi,central air conditioning - temperature cannot be adjusted-too hot or too cold. Yorum: Beautiful hotel/complex, fantastic pool areas, all spotlessly clean, good food, only downside was my wife's necklace was stolen out of our room, and the woman opposite us had here sunglasses stolen, such a shame. The kids club area is dull and depressing, even kids don't want to stay in. Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool. The kids area is too small and seems unattractive and inadequate. the cleaning staff in the outside area do their best. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. Overall, you will have absolutely everything you need (food or drink), wherever you are on the hotel area. As soon as the staff realised this was affecting our holiday, they opened the snack bar as an additional restaurant area for non-conference guests. The rooms are spacious with a very large bathroom and separate dressing area. Snack restaurant and play area near the beach, so don't have to go back to the main hotel part to eat. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. The pool area is very chilled and relaxing with a large bar area to get drinks. Beach in this area is wide and clean. The maid was doing greate job, the room and outside areas was so clean ! Water park was full of amazing slides for all ages, special area for children 3 y and above and another special area of water playground for babies 6 months - 3 years 2. Special area for children dinner and breakfast open 1/2 hour before regular dinner that was helpful with children 3. BUT the internet is a desaster - at the beach and pool area is a doesn't work most of the time at all, even in the rooms the connection getting lost every two minutes. Entertainment during the day in the pool area as well is the evening at the auditorium. Check in was a breeze and we were delighted with our room which had loads of space including a separate dressing area, spacious shower room including built in sauna, large double bed, inclusive mini bar, balcony and great view of the pool area. The pool area has lots of beds and we had no trouble getting a space. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. The food at the pool consists of a large cafe area with different sections which open at staggered times. My husband and daughter had an accident on one of the slides, they fell out of the inflatable and were trying to get out of the slide area, the girl was crying because of the strong hit on hear head and the people in charge let more people jump, my husband had to dodge those who came as best he could and then came the lifeguard to yell at him, asking him to leave the area without giving any help, my husband explained that they had an accident and the man continues to scream at him, came another one and started yelling at him in Turkish... I recommen to better look for another hotel option, in the area there are many hotels and thus take care not to damage your vacation. To be honest I wasn't really sure about which hotel to choose in this area and I saw that online with the recommendation of a website. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. You cant take food to the poll areas. Place for kids is very good, girls in that area are very very good!!! If you are coming with very young kids 0-5, I would say that in the Lara area in general there are lots of hotels all crammed into on strio and comparing this to the voyage Belek I went to last year space is a bit tighter and noticeable for me in lara. Yorum: This is the second time we stayed in this hotel because all the other hotels in de area need a restoration and this one is new but this hotel had a lot too learn how to treath there costumers. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. Yorum: We have been to lots of hotels in Lara beach area and there have been lots of good waiters and waitress this lady Ebru Yetgin is amazing she is always happy and smiling and goes that extra mile to serve you and make your time a very good one 165. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. Yorum: This is our 4 th visit to this wonderful hotel.|The hotel is spotless all the staff are amazing from the cleaning staff to hotel management,|It’s like coming home |They never forget you and know our names |Are favourite place is the roof … 6. Yorum: Half way through our holiday, really starting to enjoy the place. I don't recommend this place at all. Yorum: The worst experience in my life ever And the worst staff ever they very very very rude My friend was at the hotel, and I came to him to see if I liked the place or not to book a suite for me and my wife. ,,My wife and I waited in the reception for 2 minutes, and my friend, who is already a guest at the hotel, came Then the staff asked us to leave I told them I will talk to my friend for 10 minutes and if I like the place I will book immediately The manager came to me and told me this is not visit time, I told him that I am in the reception and I do not want to see the hotel. There were several issues that seriously impacted my stay, making it difficult for me to recommend this place to others. Despite waking up early, it was a constant struggle to find a place, and we often ended up in unpleasant confrontations with other guests who had taken our towels and spots. From the inadequate internet and pool space to the disappointing food and unhelpful staff, I cannot recommend this place to fellow travelers. I’ve been to many places but I should say this place has the best employees ever. Yorum: This place is full of fun and food, if you have kids it would be good for you and your family, I don't feel disturbed by anything in the place. Great choices of bars & places to eat . this is not a place to vacation if you have children. Yorum: Outstanding places its my 1st day i booked full board suite Water park is great kids enjoyed a lot Food is good Yes some things a seprate from full board Beach is nice they have shuttle to beach as resort is too big so shuttle is nice Many bars and couple of activites for kids all in all an amazing experience 36. c in dining place and elevator so I melted every time I ate. Cleaning could have been better as towels, tea etc not replaced occasionally. Yorum: Perfect place for holiday. We expected way more from this place. Negative: at the beach, no place to play with sand, nothing to play at all. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm, as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. Yorum: Royal Seginus is a place where you can feel like in home from first minutes. For sure it wasn't our last time in this place. When you order elevator, no indication lights that elevator arrived, you miss it because you couldn’t see all doors from one place. All places were very clean, the staff all very nice, even if they don't understand and speak good english. Comment: Amazing place. The main pool is big and there are many sun chairs, so you can find a place even if you are late in the morning. I saw people getting food by hand and trying the bread by hand if ist warm and leaving again in the same place(disgusting). The Royal wings has better staff and is a nicer place to be, the royal wings just needs a bit of a referb. Also this place is serving ultra all-inclusive. There is also someone standing in guest relations, there is the place for to assist the guests, they even don’t know how to appeal guests so they will start assisting me. Yorum: Very nice hotel, I was very satisfied, it's a place that everyone should go, thank you very much, good for the interest 104. Yorum: My first time in this place. If you are have gluten allergy this isn't a place for you. Place for kids is very good, girls in that area are very very good!!! Outdoor polls are very big problem because there is not enough place for visitors and umbrellas. People are “booking” places with towels early in the morning and we couldn’t find places for us at 10:00 am. It is very frustrating when you see other guest “fighting” for umbrellas and places in all inclusive hotel! Welcoming and attentive staff, large and clean rooms, excellent food, large pools and enough places on sunbeds, in a word excellent! The food are super, enough place for sitting, fast service. Wonderful family oriented place. The Seginus arena where shows take place is not so good. Yorum: Very modern place, large pools, lots of space and sun beds, rooms are incredible. Yorum: What a lovely place to stay ! Be careful of this place they are crooks. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Yorum: service very bad food more poisons than food we were all exhausted for 5 days we could not live on their food the only place where you should not go they are really frivolous among the poisoned food there were also children a shame 149. Yorum: The services here are absolutely amazing, the people here welcome you like a family and make you feel at home the people at fancy diamond and Benetti bags and shoes as well as the other places offer amazing prices and services, highly recommend trying these places out! very bad in dealing he refuse to let us check in and wants us to pay more 750 euro for our stay for 5 nights which will coast us 3000 dirhams extra which is not not fair as the room was so spacious for all of us , he insist and wants to obligate us to pay this amount or he will cancel the reservation , we are tourist and we don’t have more money and we don’t have place to go , he cancelled the reservation when we refuse to pay , and even all the managers there didn’t help us when we asked for there help as really the room was spacious and I have a kid 10 years old , they get us out of the hotel at 8:pm with our luggage and children , and all hotels were full and no net with us , but we found a cafe near by and thanks god we found a room in better hotel and bigger which is Rixos sungate with cheaper offer , they were so kind to us Rixos ... Comment: Nice place. Yorum: Very beautiful place, the recreation places like pools, slides, etc. Comment: Great place ! Yorum: Brilliant place to stay & nice friendly staff 224. Yorum: ROYAL SEGINUS is the best place to stay for family holidays. Yorum: Lovely place, great service, friendly staff and incredibly tasty food! Comment: Very nice place... very good place for family everything is cool.. go will not forget this place. Comment: Absolutely brilliant place. Yorum: It was an unforgettable accommodation place. Yorum: Perfect place for a wonderful holiday, food superb, great water slides ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 259. Yorum: Extraordinarily modern and luxurious, a great place where I will definitely spend the next holiday. I recomand this place for everyone!!! Comment: Very nice place. A great place to stay. Disgusting place. Yorum: What a wonderful place I loved every minute of being there... Yorum: Fabulous place for luxury holidays. Yorum: Still on holiday and the place is amazing. Yorum: Attention to detail, 5star service and a fun filles place 298. Yorum: Great place, very clean, very good services 299. Yorum: NICE PLACE and very comfortable 314. Besides the main restaurant, various a la carte restaurants are situated at the hotel for dinner.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 7.1
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 126
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: I have not long come back from here with my family of 5, 3 adults, 17 year old and an 8 year old. Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults 10. Yorum: Great hotel, we had a great family holiday here. Yorum: This place is full of fun and food, if you have kids it would be good for you and your family, I don't feel disturbed by anything in the place. Very family friendly ! Yorum: Came here with my partner and little boy, total family of 22 we have wasted time and money coming here, never come to this hotel When we arrived 3 members of the family were left without there room as the hotel was apparently full and they had no rooms Service is awful from most of the staff 17 out of 22 people in our family have all gotten sickness and diarrhea Food is just repetitive and not very nice The male staff here have extremely disgusting behavior towards women, female guests cannot even walk through the hotel with the slightest amount of skin showing without the staff staring at them, especially the disgusting Turkish bald man who works in the barber shop, countless occasions I’ve caught him doing whatever he can to see a females bum when walking passed, including my partner! Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Totally out of line My partner and 2 other female members of the family tried to sort out an issue we had with the late checkout with a male member of staff on reception who was disgustingly rude and did not seem interested until myself and my brother in law went up to sort the problem. The whole family suffered from gastro-intestinal complaints at one time or another. Yorum: Absolutely lovely hotel been here twice now spent a week there with a 6 month old and a ten year old so much to do for the whole family really clean food gets the same old but doesn't Any all inclusive hotel. First of all the room was very noisy, my neighbors family were very noisy , and when i went to the reception they tallede that they cannot do any thing !! Beach: 5 minute walk or buggy, standard beach Fairground: lots of fun for the family. Yorum: I have just returned from week at the hotel with my young family. Lots to do for the children great family hotel. Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. I made friends but also it was such a comfortable hotel for my family . Yorum: One of the worst experience ever I'm traveling almost monthly with my family But I never felt unsafe as it happened with me in this hotel Me and my wife and three kids booked in this hotel last week For 7 hights We take a complex room no 1955 (a&b) Everything was going well untill the fifth day my daughter felt a little sick So she prefer to stay at the room that day and me and the rest of my family went to the swimming suddenly my daughter (13) years old called me asking for help!!! And our entire family had food poisoning, and a lot of people in the hotel had we would see people feeling sick and the people that work here will tell you that unfortunately it is something normal, horrible. My family had a lovely time. Yorum: Resort with lots of in house activities for family. I do recommend this hotel for family holidays. Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit. I'm recommending this resort to all friends and family. Comment: Lovely family hotel. Wonderful family oriented place. Big, clean rooms, I like specially the "standard" family rooms, which are a 2x 60sqm duplex, with two spacious room and 2 bath room, separate toilet upstairs (parents room), both rooms has an inside secondary door for your privacy ;-) Ultra all inclusive: so big choice of foods, just 15-20 different main courses / diner, 50-60 cakes, sweets, a tons of salads. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Yorum: The services here are absolutely amazing, the people here welcome you like a family and make you feel at home the people at fancy diamond and Benetti bags and shoes as well as the other places offer amazing prices and services, highly recommend trying these places out! Yorum: This is the worst hotel I ever seen , I booked a room since June for me and my family in booking . Yorum: Hotel excellent very comfortable very clean personal very serviceable choices of food every night cuisine exceptional it's a must I am with family an it's a pleasure to stay in this beautiful hotel... Yorum: Great hotel ,great service I really enjoyed with my family. Yorum: ROYAL SEGINUS is the best place to stay for family holidays. very good place for family everything is cool.. Yorum: It is a extraordinary location for spending a vacantion with your family. Yorum: Good hotel for family holiday top service 277. Yorum: Very hot , great food, very nice family holidays. Yorum: Very good family hotel. There are 4 separate pools and a water park that the kids loved. Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults 10. Kids club is a disaster. The kids club area is dull and depressing, even kids don't want to stay in. There was times when Arabic women lefty dirty kids nappies on the grounds. The kids club, for instance, required an additional fee to keep children entertained, which seemed unfair given the already high costs of the stay. My kids enjoyed the swimming pool, slides, outdoor food corner, and funfair. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e. Yorum: This place is full of fun and food, if you have kids it would be good for you and your family, I don't feel disturbed by anything in the place. The kids area is too small and seems unattractive and inadequate. Yorum: Outstanding places its my 1st day i booked full board suite Water park is great kids enjoyed a lot Food is good Yes some things a seprate from full board Beach is nice they have shuttle to beach as resort is too big so shuttle is nice Many bars and couple of activites for kids all in all an amazing experience 36. More for little kids. For example the spa is next to the dining room and play zone you can hear kids screaming and being kids 😵‍💫 Nice and helpful staff especially Mr. Kids loved the water slides and pools. They should add nuggets and cheese balls in their midnight buffet and Pattesrie as kids going there dont have much variety to eat from . We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. Esra was great in the kids club. She was so good with the kids and really friendly. Kids disco lasts 30 minutes which is far too short. At 8:30pm kids disco for 30 mins & at 9:30 for adults. Kids absolutely feeling happy and comfortable. Water park for kids and babies is great. Yorum: One of the worst experience ever I'm traveling almost monthly with my family But I never felt unsafe as it happened with me in this hotel Me and my wife and three kids booked in this hotel last week For 7 hights We take a complex room no 1955 (a&b) Everything was going well untill the fifth day my daughter felt a little sick So she prefer to stay at the room that day and me and the rest of my family went to the swimming suddenly my daughter (13) years old called me asking for help!!! Enough things to do for the kids, but also enough space to relax and enjoy. Great for kids. Separate kids water park, carnival style rides and cafe available. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. Not too many fruits choices, the program for kids attractions was from 14-16.30 when usually the kids are sleeping. fab pools, slides are great, everyone loves a funfair, and kids water climbing frames are a big hit, with adults and kids lol... Pools, bars, restaurants and plenty activities for kids and adults. There is a Lunar park for the kids which is like a funfair very decent. Kids restaurant is really good they have separate restaurant if u wish to use it. After 2pm there is nothing to eat until the dinner, the kids were hungry. Also shows in Royal Arena are not suitable for kids and they should write that on posters! Place for kids is very good, girls in that area are very very good!!! They should seperate families with small and big kids and also couples like they did in the restaurant. Yorum: One of the best hotels for kids in Antalya , great food great hospitality great aqua park 118. Yorum: Very nice hotel, food buffet had lots on the menu, kids club as activities everyday and a show every night to keep adults entertained. Personally I think this is a great location for young adults or those with older kids. If you are coming with very young kids 0-5, I would say that in the Lara area in general there are lots of hotels all crammed into on strio and comparing this to the voyage Belek I went to last year space is a bit tighter and noticeable for me in lara. The animation team is one of the badest teams I have ever seen we have visited all hotels on the strip and the animation teams Will walk around in the morning to take the kids to the mini club and let them have a great time, here they dont care my childern did not even know they excisted. The kids loved the water park 128. There is a small fair with few attractions for the kids-all free of charge so this is a plus. Yorum: Really nice hotel, just a shame the pool was so cool we could hardly use it, even the kids pools and indoor. As this is a kid friendly hotel, a big choice of food for kids as well. Football pitch, funfair and its own beach, ideal for kids of all ages. Tones to do for the kids. Yorum: Great hotel with great activities for kids and adults and vary good food 237. Yorum: Great rooms but I visited during summer break so TONS of rude kids 264. Kids club is a disaster. The kids club area is dull and depressing, even kids don't want to stay in. The kids club, for instance, required an additional fee to keep children entertained, which seemed unfair given the already high costs of the stay. Esra was great in the kids club. Yorum: Very nice hotel, food buffet had lots on the menu, kids club as activities everyday and a show every night to keep adults entertained. Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults 10. The kids club, for instance, required an additional fee to keep children entertained, which seemed unfair given the already high costs of the stay. Yorum: For children, it was really good. The safety in this hotel is abysmal, floors around the hotel are slippery, I fell walking over the bridge at night, so did my partners auntie in the same spot the night following, I saw a small child hot the back of their head on the side of the children’s pool while walking to get in, luckily he was okay and didn’t seem too hurt, there are 0 life guard's watching the children’s pools either, the snake slide is also dangerous, my brother in law and his child actually fell out of the dingy, also if you do not lift up your bum on the dingy on that slide you will risk really hurting yourself as I did, they do not warn you about this before riding, there is a flat point at the bottom of the drop with will catch your bottom, it really does hurt! this is not a place to vacation if you have children. Great for little children. We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. A few families style was to allow their children run riot. Many people throwing up, and being sick - especially children. Hint: go to the restaurant half-way between hotel and beach for lunch, it’s the only one included within all-inclusive that is table-service and so makes a better meal without rushing to buffet style, especially if you have children. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. Was more fun for children rather for adults, children were running everywhere. They cooked a few days the fish, that was full of bones - that could be very dangerous for children. For children Positive: Animation, every evening mini dance for children very intrateinment, Rides and other stuff very good. Lots to do for the children great family hotel. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. Water park was full of amazing slides for all ages, special area for children 3 y and above and another special area of water playground for babies 6 months - 3 years 2. Special area for children dinner and breakfast open 1/2 hour before regular dinner that was helpful with children 3. Amusement park was very entertaining for children and adults it was free. Entertainment events for children Cons: 1. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. It is so crowded with so many children so noisy. Yorum: Great hotel, fantastic through and through Children's fairground in the evening, toddlers splash park as well as the adults aqua park. Pools - 8-9/10 children's pool really good with slides. Only a pool around 80cm is missing for the childrens. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. Yorum: service very bad food more poisons than food we were all exhausted for 5 days we could not live on their food the only place where you should not go they are really frivolous among the poisoned food there were also children a shame 149. If they control childrens and selfs will be so much clener. Com and as every body knows internallially that a 10 years old child is achild not adult , we were comming from istanbul to that hotel after a day long tired with the children and we reached at 6:pm very tired , there is chief manager called Murat .. very bad in dealing he refuse to let us check in and wants us to pay more 750 euro for our stay for 5 nights which will coast us 3000 dirhams extra which is not not fair as the room was so spacious for all of us , he insist and wants to obligate us to pay this amount or he will cancel the reservation , we are tourist and we don’t have more money and we don’t have place to go , he cancelled the reservation when we refuse to pay , and even all the managers there didn’t help us when we asked for there help as really the room was spacious and I have a kid 10 years old , they get us out of the hotel at 8:pm with our luggage and children , and all hotels were full and no net with us , but we found a cafe near by and thanks god we found a room in better hotel and bigger which is Rixos sungate with cheaper offer , they were so kind to us Rixos ... Loved the food, attractions and the children facilities! Yorum: Modern building, spacious rooms, interesting facilities, children's playgrounds, well equipped fitness center, green spaces, an interesting pontoon etc. Yorum: Very nice hotel with phenomenal facilities for children. Children loved it 285. Yorum: Nice, children friendly hotel....

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 8.2
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 81
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Cleanliness was another major issue during our stay. The cleanliness and general maintenance was above average. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness. Even basic sanitation was a concern, as the pool toilets emitted foul odors throughout the day, without any apparent cleaning efforts. The hygiene is non existence and many … 8. The hotel is big and clean with great facilities. The hotel was amazing, it was clean, comfortable and had lots to do with the pools, the water park, the beach and peer, … 4. Yorum: This is our 4 th visit to this wonderful hotel.|The hotel is spotless all the staff are amazing from the cleaning staff to hotel management,|It’s like coming home |They never forget you and know our names |Are favourite place is the roof … 6. Clean ! Very clean, staff are all very nice, food is good and a nice variety. Yorum: Beautiful hotel/complex, fantastic pool areas, all spotlessly clean, good food, only downside was my wife's necklace was stolen out of our room, and the woman opposite us had here sunglasses stolen, such a shame. The rooms are huge and very neat and clean, and very very good. it was very clean. my room got cleaned everyday as it should be. food will give you food poisoning and it’s not clean. I do not recommend it at all staff is racist, even the managers are, unclean food and bad treatment 21. Cleanliness was another major issue during our stay. Even basic sanitation was a concern, as the pool toilets emitted foul odors throughout the day, without any apparent cleaning efforts. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful. the room is always clean. To add to this the cleaning staff are not good. The rooms were only really cleaned when we checked in, after that not even the vacuum they used. Really poor the cleaning. The cleanliness and general maintenance was above average. Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Yorum: Absolutely lovely hotel been here twice now spent a week there with a 6 month old and a ten year old so much to do for the whole family really clean food gets the same old but doesn't Any all inclusive hotel. the cleaning staff in the outside area do their best. Very clean. Yorum: The hotel was new and clean. Cleaning could have been better as towels, tea etc not replaced occasionally. The hotel is exceptionally clean and well managed. Everything was well cleaned and the housekeepers changed the linen every day while I was out. House keeping is bad and even leaving liras on the bed each time, the rooms is not cleaned properly. Rooms have been cleaned very bad. Room was full of dust, we couldn’t wear our white clothes as they were covered in the dust from the shelves that haven’t been cleaned seems for ages. Will not be cleaned deeply every day. Cleaners cleaned the room better than I expected, waiters were really amiable, kindly, smiling. Kudos to the buffet restaurant team, for working hard to clean each table and provide drinks for everyone but honestly they could use more staff there. Yorum: Excellent stay staff very attentive and quick to serve and clean. Beach in this area is wide and clean. The room was clean and very spacious. Unfortunately the houskeepr lady entered to clean up the room And she was very angry for no reason.. The found my daughter alone then she forced her to clean the room with here She screamed and keep saying bad words in a loud voice for my doughter Then she through the pillow on my doughter's face and spat on the floor next to her with a very bad behavior then she closed the door strongly my daughte kept crying all the time scaring that the women will come back unfortunately i went to the guest realation and i make complain but no response at all then i went to the police station thay told me that if they want to open investigation it may takes time and they will take my daughter to the criminal department and making investigation which may really makes her very scare or they come with me to hotel and this is what they done a police man come with me and we met the operation manager and the guest relation manager i explained everything in details they promised that they will handle and solve this disaster but unfortunately nothing happened i will share this bad experience to all people every where cause we never had this bad experience this in all hotels we've been in 68. We had 2 deluxe rooms that were very clean and spacious. Yorum: Reception, service, employees, room cleaning are all of good quality. The maid was doing greate job, the room and outside areas was so clean ! Large clean pools 6. All places were very clean, the staff all very nice, even if they don't understand and speak good english. Yorum: The Hotel looks Beautiful, rooms are huge and everything is kept very clean. Rooms are large and very clean. We ate well, drank well, had a great room, the hotel was sparkling clean and the staff were all lovely. Rooms were clean and spacious. Yorum: Pro: Nice hotel, Huge rooms, very clean, sun beds and shade on the beach, also very clean, stuff wearing gloves and masks, changing beach towels every day, shuttle bus to the beach Cons: not to many food choices (no food for vegetarians, or allergies) just 1 or 2 choices. The hotel is clean with steam in each room but there is no much activities except DJ or live music at Skyline bar. Staff from cleaning team to waiters are working hard, maybe not everyone speak your language but their do their job. I like the room it was quite huge and clean and cosy. Welcoming and attentive staff, large and clean rooms, excellent food, large pools and enough places on sunbeds, in a word excellent! Room cleaning the hole week that we where there the mirrors and Windows where not Cleaned When we complained all of this issues they looked at my face like I was telling them rubbish!? The beach is small but clean with a wonderful peer. The hotel is clean, the stuff friendly and you have everything you want. And the stairs not to be cleaned of this toxic plants. Big, clean rooms, I like specially the "standard" family rooms, which are a 2x 60sqm duplex, with two spacious room and 2 bath room, separate toilet upstairs (parents room), both rooms has an inside secondary door for your privacy ;-) Ultra all inclusive: so big choice of foods, just 15-20 different main courses / diner, 50-60 cakes, sweets, a tons of salads. All workers work very hard too clean the hotel but the people are very dirty . Yorum: Had the most amazing time pools clean food was delish a little away from the main buzz but a 15 min walk at most rooms amazing 154. Yorum: Just got home after a week with my husdand royal seginus hotel lovely staff want to do everything for you very happy to help well worth a look its beautiful food all drinks pools beach bars rooms are lovely very clean great standards 5 stars entertainment team very nice all work so hard to please everyone truly enjoyable Holliday met some really nice people management are happy to be there for you too anytime Will look forward to seeing you all again soon 😁 166. Yorum: Wow an amazing hotel, plenty of food choices, clean and lots of pools to choose from. Yorum: Hotel excellent very comfortable very clean personal very serviceable choices of food every night cuisine exceptional it's a must I am with family an it's a pleasure to stay in this beautiful hotel... Yorum: Is good and big rooms and food is good rooms is clean but internet doesn't work outside. Very clean. The room was always clean. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness. Spacious clean rooms 192. Yorum: Very beautiful hotel and newly build too :) Food was very good and rooms were very clean ;) 205. Yorum: excellent hotel, clean, staff very friendly food lovely ,animation team great 209. Yorum: New hotel opened in May 2017, clean,spacious rooms ,variety and tasty food, free wifi, best decision! Yorum: Very nice and luxuary hotel very clean and the employees were nice the waterpark was nice 230. Yorum: Very friendly staf, very good service, very delicious food, very clean highly recommended 9,5/10 👍🏻 238. Yorum: Comfortable, clean and all stuff are so nice. Yorum: Big room,clean, very good food, friendly staff 271. Yorum: Great place, very clean, very good services 299. Yorum: Lovely clean big hotel 306.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 6.6
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 73
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): Yorum: I have not long come back from here with my family of 5, 3 adults, 17 year old and an 8 year old. Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults 10. Yorum: Great hotel, we had a great family holiday here. Yorum: This place is full of fun and food, if you have kids it would be good for you and your family, I don't feel disturbed by anything in the place. Very family friendly ! Yorum: Came here with my partner and little boy, total family of 22 we have wasted time and money coming here, never come to this hotel When we arrived 3 members of the family were left without there room as the hotel was apparently full and they had no rooms Service is awful from most of the staff 17 out of 22 people in our family have all gotten sickness and diarrhea Food is just repetitive and not very nice The male staff here have extremely disgusting behavior towards women, female guests cannot even walk through the hotel with the slightest amount of skin showing without the staff staring at them, especially the disgusting Turkish bald man who works in the barber shop, countless occasions I’ve caught him doing whatever he can to see a females bum when walking passed, including my partner! Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Totally out of line My partner and 2 other female members of the family tried to sort out an issue we had with the late checkout with a male member of staff on reception who was disgustingly rude and did not seem interested until myself and my brother in law went up to sort the problem. The whole family suffered from gastro-intestinal complaints at one time or another. Yorum: Absolutely lovely hotel been here twice now spent a week there with a 6 month old and a ten year old so much to do for the whole family really clean food gets the same old but doesn't Any all inclusive hotel. First of all the room was very noisy, my neighbors family were very noisy , and when i went to the reception they tallede that they cannot do any thing !! Beach: 5 minute walk or buggy, standard beach Fairground: lots of fun for the family. Yorum: I have just returned from week at the hotel with my young family. Lots to do for the children great family hotel. Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. I made friends but also it was such a comfortable hotel for my family . Yorum: One of the worst experience ever I'm traveling almost monthly with my family But I never felt unsafe as it happened with me in this hotel Me and my wife and three kids booked in this hotel last week For 7 hights We take a complex room no 1955 (a&b) Everything was going well untill the fifth day my daughter felt a little sick So she prefer to stay at the room that day and me and the rest of my family went to the swimming suddenly my daughter (13) years old called me asking for help!!! And our entire family had food poisoning, and a lot of people in the hotel had we would see people feeling sick and the people that work here will tell you that unfortunately it is something normal, horrible. My family had a lovely time. Yorum: Resort with lots of in house activities for family. I do recommend this hotel for family holidays. Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit. I'm recommending this resort to all friends and family. Comment: Lovely family hotel. Wonderful family oriented place. Big, clean rooms, I like specially the "standard" family rooms, which are a 2x 60sqm duplex, with two spacious room and 2 bath room, separate toilet upstairs (parents room), both rooms has an inside secondary door for your privacy ;-) Ultra all inclusive: so big choice of foods, just 15-20 different main courses / diner, 50-60 cakes, sweets, a tons of salads. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Yorum: The services here are absolutely amazing, the people here welcome you like a family and make you feel at home the people at fancy diamond and Benetti bags and shoes as well as the other places offer amazing prices and services, highly recommend trying these places out! Yorum: This is the worst hotel I ever seen , I booked a room since June for me and my family in booking . Yorum: Hotel excellent very comfortable very clean personal very serviceable choices of food every night cuisine exceptional it's a must I am with family an it's a pleasure to stay in this beautiful hotel... Yorum: Great hotel ,great service I really enjoyed with my family. Yorum: ROYAL SEGINUS is the best place to stay for family holidays. very good place for family everything is cool.. Yorum: It is a extraordinary location for spending a vacantion with your family. Yorum: Good hotel for family holiday top service 277. Yorum: Very hot , great food, very nice family holidays. Yorum: Very good family hotel. Not baby friendly. Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults 10. The kids club, for instance, required an additional fee to keep children entertained, which seemed unfair given the already high costs of the stay. Yorum: For children, it was really good. The safety in this hotel is abysmal, floors around the hotel are slippery, I fell walking over the bridge at night, so did my partners auntie in the same spot the night following, I saw a small child hot the back of their head on the side of the children’s pool while walking to get in, luckily he was okay and didn’t seem too hurt, there are 0 life guard's watching the children’s pools either, the snake slide is also dangerous, my brother in law and his child actually fell out of the dingy, also if you do not lift up your bum on the dingy on that slide you will risk really hurting yourself as I did, they do not warn you about this before riding, there is a flat point at the bottom of the drop with will catch your bottom, it really does hurt! this is not a place to vacation if you have children. Great for little children. We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. A few families style was to allow their children run riot. Many people throwing up, and being sick - especially children. Hint: go to the restaurant half-way between hotel and beach for lunch, it’s the only one included within all-inclusive that is table-service and so makes a better meal without rushing to buffet style, especially if you have children. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. Was more fun for children rather for adults, children were running everywhere. They cooked a few days the fish, that was full of bones - that could be very dangerous for children. For children Positive: Animation, every evening mini dance for children very intrateinment, Rides and other stuff very good. Lots to do for the children great family hotel. U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros Activity is good for children not for adults Its boring for adults Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “ Pool activities is 3 times a day Disco after 12 is open empty all the time just few guys in ther … Im just not happy with this experience its bad holiday … Staff asking for tip …. Water park was full of amazing slides for all ages, special area for children 3 y and above and another special area of water playground for babies 6 months - 3 years 2. Special area for children dinner and breakfast open 1/2 hour before regular dinner that was helpful with children 3. Amusement park was very entertaining for children and adults it was free. Entertainment events for children Cons: 1. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. It is so crowded with so many children so noisy. Yorum: Great hotel, fantastic through and through Children's fairground in the evening, toddlers splash park as well as the adults aqua park. Pools - 8-9/10 children's pool really good with slides. Only a pool around 80cm is missing for the childrens. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children. Yorum: service very bad food more poisons than food we were all exhausted for 5 days we could not live on their food the only place where you should not go they are really frivolous among the poisoned food there were also children a shame 149. If they control childrens and selfs will be so much clener. Com and as every body knows internallially that a 10 years old child is achild not adult , we were comming from istanbul to that hotel after a day long tired with the children and we reached at 6:pm very tired , there is chief manager called Murat .. very bad in dealing he refuse to let us check in and wants us to pay more 750 euro for our stay for 5 nights which will coast us 3000 dirhams extra which is not not fair as the room was so spacious for all of us , he insist and wants to obligate us to pay this amount or he will cancel the reservation , we are tourist and we don’t have more money and we don’t have place to go , he cancelled the reservation when we refuse to pay , and even all the managers there didn’t help us when we asked for there help as really the room was spacious and I have a kid 10 years old , they get us out of the hotel at 8:pm with our luggage and children , and all hotels were full and no net with us , but we found a cafe near by and thanks god we found a room in better hotel and bigger which is Rixos sungate with cheaper offer , they were so kind to us Rixos ... Loved the food, attractions and the children facilities! Yorum: Modern building, spacious rooms, interesting facilities, children's playgrounds, well equipped fitness center, green spaces, an interesting pontoon etc. Yorum: Very nice hotel with phenomenal facilities for children. Children loved it 285. Yorum: Nice, children friendly hotel....

Rating for Beach: 7.8
Total number of comments for Beach: 65
All results text for Beach: Nice walk to a private beach … 2. The hotel was amazing, it was clean, comfortable and had lots to do with the pools, the water park, the beach and peer, … 4. Good if you like walking too, nice covered path to the beach, or a buggy service if you don't want to walk. Beach very ok. Yorum: Been to lara beach a few times and this one certainly didn't dissapoint. Beautiful settings around the pool, geared up for families with waterpark and funfair and close to the beach. Great beach and pier too. Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool. Yorum: Outstanding places its my 1st day i booked full board suite Water park is great kids enjoyed a lot Food is good Yes some things a seprate from full board Beach is nice they have shuttle to beach as resort is too big so shuttle is nice Many bars and couple of activites for kids all in all an amazing experience 36. The beach is rubbish and like little stones. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. The hotel has a part of the beach and a pier all to itself, which is really nice. We visited royal holiday palace a couple of years back, and although seginous was not directly on the beach, we preferred this hotel. We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. Beach: 5 minute walk or buggy, standard beach Fairground: lots of fun for the family. Hint: go to the restaurant half-way between hotel and beach for lunch, it’s the only one included within all-inclusive that is table-service and so makes a better meal without rushing to buffet style, especially if you have children. The beach is 5 minute walk away and there is also shuttle buses every few minutes to take you. Snack restaurant and play area near the beach, so don't have to go back to the main hotel part to eat. If I had to find a slight disappointment it would be the beach which is a little underwhelming if that’s what you’re after. You have to walk around 10 mins to the beach. Negative: at the beach, no place to play with sand, nothing to play at all. Next year sure back to Lara beach but somewhere else. For lunch, you do not have to visit the main restaurant, but there are also restaurants located at the pool and on your way to the beach for a bite. There is a lot of security at the hotel which gives you a safe feeling; even on the beach. If you are too lazy to walk for 3 minutes to the beach, you can take the shuttle bus. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm, as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Beach in this area is wide and clean. Comment: 5-star hotel located on Lara Antalya Beach. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. BUT the internet is a desaster - at the beach and pool area is a doesn't work most of the time at all, even in the rooms the connection getting lost every two minutes. The beach and beach bar on the pier are great. Yorum: Pro: Nice hotel, Huge rooms, very clean, sun beds and shade on the beach, also very clean, stuff wearing gloves and masks, changing beach towels every day, shuttle bus to the beach Cons: not to many food choices (no food for vegetarians, or allergies) just 1 or 2 choices. The water on the beach is very deep ... the beach is quite far 99. 7-8/10 Lara beach is very close, literally walk it in maximum 5mins. There isnt any food at the beach and the beach bar for drinks works to 6pm. Yorum: We were really satisfied with yhe hotel, the beach, pools and the whole territory 8n general! Also it was impossible for me to connect from the pool or beach. Beach is ok. The beach is small but clean with a wonderful peer. We didn't see much of the beach as it's almost all covered by a canopy, and the sand is quite dark looking, so the only time we stayed there was for the evening beach party, which was pretty insane. The menus are fantastic and the waterspouts and beach & Pier facilities are wonderful too. Yorum: It was a bad experience because i was stolen from the employee of the hotel at the beach several times and i complained to the customer service without any response also I also wrote an email to the mother company without any response so everyone wants to stay at this hotel be careful 143. Good fresh food nice beach and pools friendly staff OK entertainment had a great atmosphere five star Turkish rated four star in UK imo 160. Yorum: We have been to lots of hotels in Lara beach area and there have been lots of good waiters and waitress this lady Ebru Yetgin is amazing she is always happy and smiling and goes that extra mile to serve you and make your time a very good one 165. Yorum: Just got home after a week with my husdand royal seginus hotel lovely staff want to do everything for you very happy to help well worth a look its beautiful food all drinks pools beach bars rooms are lovely very clean great standards 5 stars entertainment team very nice all work so hard to please everyone truly enjoyable Holliday met some really nice people management are happy to be there for you too anytime Will look forward to seeing you all again soon 😁 166. The food service was 1st class a pool to die for and the beach was brilliant as for the room duplex style was fantastic 😎😎😎 … 167. Football pitch, funfair and its own beach, ideal for kids of all ages. Not on the beach. Yorum: The hotel, room, staff and food are great but it's not on the beach and you have to pay extra for a la carte 214. Yorum: Quality beach HOTEL preferred for our antalya airport transfer services 223. Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool. Negative: at the beach, no place to play with sand, nothing to play at all. We didn't see much of the beach as it's almost all covered by a canopy, and the sand is quite dark looking, so the only time we stayed there was for the evening beach party, which was pretty insane. There is a food court on pool side open from 11am-16pm with toast, pizzas, french fries, oinon rings, chicken and fish fries, döner, sandwiches, backed potato, Turkish pizza, gözleme, pancakes and waffle, icecream, fruits. in 2 m from the shore the water is already 2m deep. Unfortunately, they don't have a pool with warm water outside, which is very important at the end of the season, inside the pool was closed!!! Yorum: All-inclusive hotel, with a high variety of food and beverages, luxurious rooms with big bathrooms, and nice views (I had a room with a view to the sea). Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say Its my 4th night here Im so unhappy Rooms r big witch is good thing Pool is small to other hotels There no place to sit on the pool People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “ I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it … 4th days in row same food every day nothing new To many types of food and taste very normal Wont recommend my friends to come here Wifi is bad its break all time u cant enjoy it … Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way Bars is normal Room service is fine too I tried to switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places …. I dont see why most facility's had to be down just because it wasnt a busy season i felt like i missed out abit. Only downside is not very good sea view, but sometimes u can't have it all, and all the rest more than makes up for this! The location is not really good and their definition of sea view room is somewhat different from the rest of the world... (See pic of see view) and here i was really trying to take a pic of sea... They have a pier on the sea side, you can make funny jumpin sessions to the sea from 2-3m heigh. Yorum: Brilliant holiday at the Royal Seginus Hotel Great staff very friendly And the lady that cooked the Gaousum were first class The jetty out to sea was wonderful Will be back next year 199.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 7.8
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 38
All results text for Spa and Wellness: For example the spa is next to the dining room and play zone you can hear kids screaming and being kids 😵‍💫 Nice and helpful staff especially Mr. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017 168. You sounds pay för spa and Turkisk hammam not all included in program. Yorum: Go to the spa the girl with the butterfly tattoo amazing at Turkish bath and Swedish massage best I’ve ever had amazingly relaxing another level 207. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Yorum: I had a fantastic massage experience at Royal Seginus. Yorum: Go to the spa the girl with the butterfly tattoo amazing at Turkish bath and Swedish massage best I’ve ever had amazingly relaxing another level 207. But the shower sauna was sublime! Got jacuzzi and sauna in the bathroom. The shower has sauna function also. Check in was a breeze and we were delighted with our room which had loads of space including a separate dressing area, spacious shower room including built in sauna, large double bed, inclusive mini bar, balcony and great view of the pool area. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room. The rooms are very very big with a great shower with wet sauna included. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Delivery: Woow hotel no free sauna and 308 rooms. 2 out of 5 stars from us, because the bottom line is more stress than relaxation. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room. I do not recommend it at all staff is racist, even the managers are, unclean food and bad treatment 21. After this we were in the hospital for 12hours until our kid was ok to leave and had to pay 980 EUR for the treatments. Some customers got special treatment with fruit baskets and champagne, extra toiletries ect, we didnt so again felt left out. My wife broke a crown so we were looking for dental treatment, we were advised that dental specialist was 15Km away and would cost 35€ each way plus cost of treatment. First class treatment and new crown fitted the same day. to avoid this way of treatment , although the hotel is nice and the rooms are spacious but the management ( all we saw of them ) specially this man ( Murat) are very bad in dealing , no humanity in there hearts . The hammam turky was with extra charge, its not included with the -all inclusive-!! You sounds pay för spa and Turkisk hammam not all included in program. Got jacuzzi and sauna in the bathroom. The jacuzzi was great to relax in the evening. The swimming pool is very cold and also the jacuzzi is cold. Yorum: The hotel was immaculate the service was amazing the staff so friendly and attentive my only gripe would be the food very repetitive and catered for the European clients more and the quite pool and jacuzzi is closed from April to October but my overall experience 11 nights of luxury 146. Rooms: modern, big, steam room fantastic. The showers come with a steam room which was fantastic. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room. Medical room - doctor on-sight Room service - 9/10 very good and nice and tidy Bedrooms - 9/10 you have your own steam room in the bathroom. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK.

Rating for Party Experience: 8.3
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 17
All results text for Party Experience: Pool party was a joke! Yorum: Amazing entertainment team ,air gun, aqua gym, dart's, yoga, pull games, party's etc Mr Pablo:),Alex, everybody sorry I don't know the names. We didn't see much of the beach as it's almost all covered by a canopy, and the sand is quite dark looking, so the only time we stayed there was for the evening beach party, which was pretty insane. Evening you can enjoy a Lunapark with 6-8 attractions and events like pier party (don't skip it), circus, dance shows etc. Furthermore, the hotel lacked any sort of nightlife or daytime activities, other than the pool. Same music every time!! We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. Was either live music or bingo (you have to pay 5 euros to get a ticket). Animation all day long and during evenings there are amazing shows and live music. The hotel is clean with steam in each room but there is no much activities except DJ or live music at Skyline bar. To be honest we never get bored at the evening time because there was a DJ performance for sometime and the DJs music was quite good for us so thanks to him Emre ! Yorum: Internet out of work,music bad,to much crowd. Yorum: Ants in the hotel room, poor wifi,central air conditioning - temperature cannot be adjusted-too hot or too cold. The hotel is clean with steam in each room but there is no much activities except DJ or live music at Skyline bar. To be honest we never get bored at the evening time because there was a DJ performance for sometime and the DJs music was quite good for us so thanks to him Emre ! Seda from entertainment team Muku from entertainment team DJ Emre Medeni from main restaurant I will definitely come back in the summer . Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 6.8
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 14
All results text for Sports Facilities: The fitness was also great. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109. Yorum: Modern building, spacious rooms, interesting facilities, children's playgrounds, well equipped fitness center, green spaces, an interesting pontoon etc. Also the program at the pool, for example aqua gym. Minuses, however, are: - gym has an irritating holder, unfriendly and unprofessional staff - lighting and power points in the room few or defective - access cards that do not always work - complaints are heard but not fed back by reception 67. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. Yorum: Amazing entertainment team ,air gun, aqua gym, dart's, yoga, pull games, party's etc Mr Pablo:),Alex, everybody sorry I don't know the names. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room. The gym is good. There are activities throughout the day including archery, air rifle, aqua gym, aqua aerobics and many more. Talking about sprinting, there is a fully equipped gym with all the new high tech treadmills, cross trainers, excersise bikes, and other weight trainers, leg press, dumbbells etc. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service. Wanted to play table tennis and theres 1 bat missing, approached a member of staff and he just shrugged his shoulders and said sorry, a 5 star hotel would approach this in a way 'ill get this fixed for you' rather than 'deal with it do something else'. During our stay we have joined to dart activity and table tennis and some table games everyday with Ibo , and we had a chance to join step aerobic activity with Seda which was so much kind of fun.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 7.2
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 4
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: Was either live music or bingo (you have to pay 5 euros to get a ticket). Animation all day long and during evenings there are amazing shows and live music. The hotel is clean with steam in each room but there is no much activities except DJ or live music at Skyline bar. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus All staff are very funny and helpful Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya 109.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 8.1
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 4
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults 10. They should seperate families with small and big kids and also couples like they did in the restaurant. 2 out of 5 stars from us, because the bottom line is more stress than relaxation. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 8.9
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 4
All results text for Children's Pool Area: We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel) Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working. Yorum: Really nice hotel, just a shame the pool was so cool we could hardly use it, even the kids pools and indoor. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. Pools - 8-9/10 children's pool really good with slides.

Rating for Honeymoon: 6.8
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 4
All results text for Honeymoon: Nice walk to a private beach … 2. Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level. I needed a doctor and they called me from the pier to the hotel (40° outside and far from hotel) and then send me back because the lady from guest relations couldn't find the doctor and said to me to go back and she will call me later (the hotel is far from the private pavillions on the pier). I was injured on the stairs of private pavilion I had rented because the stairs were full of hedgehog-like plants that stung very hard.

Rating for Special Menu: 6.4
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 4
All results text for Special Menu: Yorum: I would not recommend it, the food doesn't have so much variety , and if you are a vegan it's horrible. If I was a vegetarian I would probably mark the hotel down one star, as cross contamination with the meat dishes and Veg dishes with the spoons and hand, serving was not nice for my wife. Yorum: Pro: Nice hotel, Huge rooms, very clean, sun beds and shade on the beach, also very clean, stuff wearing gloves and masks, changing beach towels every day, shuttle bus to the beach Cons: not to many food choices (no food for vegetarians, or allergies) just 1 or 2 choices. Moreover, Guest Relations helped us a lot regarding dietary (gluten-free food).

Rating for Diving: 6.5
Total number of comments for Diving: 2
All results text for Diving: In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 7.4
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2 out of 5 stars from us, because the bottom line is more stress than relaxation. Gym - 10/10 top quality gym Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room.

