Otel İsmi: Royal Wings Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Dalış', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 8.4
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 276
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the food is delicious and changes every day, the hygiene is impeccable, the staff is attentive, like the waiters Veysi, Fatih, Emre, always at our service. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. - the staff does not speak English except in exceptional cases (not French either but that's logical) so it's not always easy to make yourself understood but they always bring in a colleague who speaks English to be able to understand us and help us. Yorum: Fantastic holiday in May 2024 Staff, buffets, location and swimming pools, the best, a real 5*8. Yorum: The hotel was wonderful, all the staff too (at the reception, in the restaurant, the waitresses and waiters, the employees of the different restaurants), all the staff were very pleasant, smiling and always responded to our … 9. #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. Top service, top staff, magnificent hotel, we will definitely come back! Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. Yorum: Superb week spent in this establishment.|The welcome and the staff are great, very friendly and very helpful.|Very nice room and very functional.|The buffets are great, a little disappointed to have to pay 10 euros per person for… 17. Yorum: Very nice hotel, helpful staff and good services 25. The hotel is beautiful and the bar staff were amazing. The grand lobby, with its sumptuous decor and friendly staff, sets the tone for an incredible experience. Every staff member went above and beyond to make sure our stay was perfect. The staff in general can't do enough for you! Yorum: Our last day at our hotel, we would like to share our overall experience; 1) The most distinctive feature of the hotel is that it is customer-oriented in terms of service; All the hotel staff are friendly and solution-oriented, which provides you with much enjoyment, convenience and beyond peace during your vacation. Thank you very much, they filled the meals we requested for our baby before each meal; My wife was even invited to the dining hall, the dining room was very clean and the staff was meticulous. Yorum: The staff is friendly, some are attentive, some are not, or rather, like everywhere else, there is more interest in foreigners than Turkish employees do, I did not find that at all. The staff is not friendly at all, you are afraid to ask or say anything. The staff are very friendly and love children. We particularly appreciated the attention of the pool staff. Because there are thieves among the cleaning staff here. The entertainment team and bar staff… 44. The staff are very friendly, the food is good and the pool is great. Negative: Unfortunately the reception upon arrival was very cold and the staff seemed unfriendly and overwhelmed. The negative atmosphere caused by hostile and stressed staff significantly reduces the overall impression. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, always making sure we had everything we needed. The dining room staff is really inadequate, especially if you are Turkish, you have to wait for foreigners who come after you to be seated. Before breakfast or dinner is over, the dishes are already done or the staff simply don't want to do any more because they are tired. After saying something about this, we also got a big mouth from a staff member. In my opinion, if you work in customer relations, you need to know how to handle customers, especially if you get a big mouth from a staff member who yells at you. Because yes, they have to train their staff every year. From the cleanliness, the waiters, the chefs and the entertainment team, everything was great 👍 | The staff are always polite and happy to … 54. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are quite clean. The staff kept saying to finish, even though there were a lot of potatoes prepared, and there were 4 people waiting, even though there were 4 people waiting in front of me. The other staff member, RABIA YIL, said there were potatoes prepared and she had to help customers who were queuing in advance, but Mr. We were very quiet, very attentive and friendly staff. But I have to mention two points: the internet connection was quite weak and the cleaning staff responsible for the rooms could be criticized, so something could be better. Otherwise great hotel, great staff. The service is very good and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Staff: The staff are friendly and helpful. Friendly staff should be highlighted in a positive way. Although the staff were friendly, they were completely understaffed, especially in the pool drink service. The restaurant staff are friendly. I would also like to thank the restaurant staff, Mrs. Many thanks to the hotel management and all the staff for this beautiful and short vacation. The staff were incredibly friendly and always willing to help which made our stay very enjoyable thanks to: Feruaza from reception (not sure if the spelling is correct) Ahmet from the pool bar, he is very hardworking and always smiling and helpful Ibrahim and Vakkas from the main restaurant The room was clean and well maintained but the only downside was that the walls were quite thin. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. The service was amazing and the staff was very friendly. The staff were super friendly and helpful. Pros: * Nice hotel * Delicious food * Friendly staff * Perfect location * Good facilities Cons: *We couldn't find any negative points! Excellent hotel, very friendly staff with a pleasant attitude, amazing activities for kids with water park and fun rides, perfect for kids ages 8 and up. The cleaning staff is extremely efficient. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is attentive, it is a comfortable and clean hotel. But its staff, garden and swimming pool are very pleasant. The entertainers and all the staff, from the restaurant to the reception, were always friendly and helpful. The reception staff were very unfriendly, they forgot how to laugh... 👀, questionable and shameless, scandalous to treat guests like this ‼️ The staff needs to be replaced urgently; we have witnessed very ugly and unpleasant situations there. The restaurant staff were very nice, tried their best and worked hard, but unfortunately completely understaffed, just not enough staff for that mass of people. To highlight - the STAFF - who were extremely friendly and attentive.!!!! The service staff were very attentive and friendly, especially Muhamed Ali at the evening restaurant and Ibrahim at the beach restaurant were very friendly and helpful staff. I was immediately impressed with the hotel and felt very welcomed by the friendly and attentive staff from the first moment. - We also experienced longer waiting times on several occasions and felt that the staff did not always pay enough attention to this. - Deploy more staff to central and important locations. Cleaning, food, events, staff, everything is perfect, I'm happy to be... The staff are friendly and helpful. The reception is huge and the staff working there are always helpful and smiling. Many thanks to all the staff who helped make our stay so enjoyable. The hotel is very beautiful, the grounds are well maintained, all the staff are always friendly. The staff are very attentive and friendly, the hotel is very clean, the rooms are great, the food is delicious, the drinks are plentiful. Most of the staff don't use shakers for the cocktails we make outside the main building, they don't even mix the glasses by looking at them. The cocktails made in the lobby are of better quality, I think the staff should be trained on this issue. We would like to thank the friendly staff of the hotel, they are very helpful and dedicated. Friendly staff and knows their customers after 2 days. There were no problems with the staff, everyone was doing their job. |Very nice and friendly staff if you have any questions and ask for help… 109. As for the food, almost every day the same menu and you had to queue for the staff to refill the food containers. The service was also poor, we sometimes had to go and get the cutlery ourselves as it was not put on the tables, not to mention the chairs were greasy and had crumbs on them and the staff didn't bother to clean them for the next people. Yorum: Over 30 times I was asked to purchase products from the entertainment team, masseurs, parrot photos and photographers during my 11 nights with my partner and daughter, make your staff understand that the word "No thanks" means leave and let me enjoy my holiday without pestering me every half hour. 16 power cuts and it was mainly during dinner and never an apology from anyone, same food and lack of choice and unfriendly staff! The staff are very friendly and helpful. The service and staff were also super nice. Yorum: We found the hotel very good, the staff at the reception and at the buffet were great. The cleaning staff was very kind and accommodating. The staff is super friendly, especially the children's area animator is so kind and hardworking that our daughter still talks about her. But the staff working there don't work at all. Very friendly staff and attentive to our needs. Good facilities and nice, friendly staff. Very well maintained establishment, large choice of dishes, attentive service staff. Courteous and helpful service staff (waiters, housekeepers and cooks). A very big drawback is the bar staff, who are reluctant and do not even notice the children!!! It's stupid for me to go to a dzus bar with my child every time because the staff ignores him. The staff is very rude and doesn't know how to smile. There are two things I don't like because of the cleanliness of the hotel food and the staff. The food was delicious, the kitchen staff immediately responded to our additional requests, only the variety was a bit low. The staff are mostly unfriendly, although there are a few people who were genuinely friendly and nice. Yorum: A wonderful hotel with excellent food and friendly staff. The grand lobby, with its sumptuous decor and friendly staff, sets the tone for an incredible experience. We were very quiet, very attentive and friendly staff. Friendly staff should be highlighted in a positive way. Pros: * Nice hotel * Delicious food * Friendly staff * Perfect location * Good facilities Cons: *We couldn't find any negative points! Excellent hotel, very friendly staff with a pleasant attitude, amazing activities for kids with water park and fun rides, perfect for kids ages 8 and up. We would like to thank the friendly staff of the hotel, they are very helpful and dedicated. Friendly staff and knows their customers after 2 days. |Very nice and friendly staff if you have any questions and ask for help… 109. 16 power cuts and it was mainly during dinner and never an apology from anyone, same food and lack of choice and unfriendly staff! Very friendly staff and attentive to our needs. Good facilities and nice, friendly staff. Yorum: A wonderful hotel with excellent food and friendly staff. #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. Yorum: Superb week spent in this establishment.|The welcome and the staff are great, very friendly and very helpful.|Very nice room and very functional.|The buffets are great, a little disappointed to have to pay 10 euros per person for… 17. Yorum: Very nice hotel, helpful staff and good services 25. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, always making sure we had everything we needed. Staff: The staff are friendly and helpful. The entire reception team is professional and helpful. The staff were incredibly friendly and always willing to help which made our stay very enjoyable thanks to: Feruaza from reception (not sure if the spelling is correct) Ahmet from the pool bar, he is very hardworking and always smiling and helpful Ibrahim and Vakkas from the main restaurant The room was clean and well maintained but the only downside was that the walls were quite thin. The staff were super friendly and helpful. The entertainers and all the staff, from the restaurant to the reception, were always friendly and helpful. The service staff were very attentive and friendly, especially Muhamed Ali at the evening restaurant and Ibrahim at the beach restaurant were very friendly and helpful staff. The staff are friendly and helpful. The reception is huge and the staff working there are always helpful and smiling. We would like to thank the friendly staff of the hotel, they are very helpful and dedicated. Check out this TikTok, they did it (it's a hotel): Maybe the guests will enjoy it :) The woman at the dive stand is very friendly and helpful and also speaks German very well, very good👍 108. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Courteous and helpful service staff (waiters, housekeepers and cooks). The rooms were clean and housekeeping was helpful in every way, the only thing I would criticize is that of the hotels I have stayed in so far, only this hotel does not provide toothbrushes in the rooms. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the food is delicious and changes every day, the hygiene is impeccable, the staff is attentive, like the waiters Veysi, Fatih, Emre, always at our service. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. - the staff does not speak English except in exceptional cases (not French either but that's logical) so it's not always easy to make yourself understood but they always bring in a colleague who speaks English to be able to understand us and help us. Yorum: Fantastic holiday in May 2024 Staff, buffets, location and swimming pools, the best, a real 5*8. Yorum: The hotel was wonderful, all the staff too (at the reception, in the restaurant, the waitresses and waiters, the employees of the different restaurants), all the staff were very pleasant, smiling and always responded to our … 9. #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. Top service, top staff, magnificent hotel, we will definitely come back! Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. Yorum: Superb week spent in this establishment.|The welcome and the staff are great, very friendly and very helpful.|Very nice room and very functional.|The buffets are great, a little disappointed to have to pay 10 euros per person for… 17. Yorum: Very nice hotel, helpful staff and good services 25. The hotel is beautiful and the bar staff were amazing. The grand lobby, with its sumptuous decor and friendly staff, sets the tone for an incredible experience. Every staff member went above and beyond to make sure our stay was perfect. The staff in general can't do enough for you! Yorum: Our last day at our hotel, we would like to share our overall experience; 1) The most distinctive feature of the hotel is that it is customer-oriented in terms of service; All the hotel staff are friendly and solution-oriented, which provides you with much enjoyment, convenience and beyond peace during your vacation. Thank you very much, they filled the meals we requested for our baby before each meal; My wife was even invited to the dining hall, the dining room was very clean and the staff was meticulous. Yorum: The staff is friendly, some are attentive, some are not, or rather, like everywhere else, there is more interest in foreigners than Turkish employees do, I did not find that at all. The staff is not friendly at all, you are afraid to ask or say anything. The staff are very friendly and love children. We particularly appreciated the attention of the pool staff. Because there are thieves among the cleaning staff here. The entertainment team and bar staff… 44. The staff are very friendly, the food is good and the pool is great. Negative: Unfortunately the reception upon arrival was very cold and the staff seemed unfriendly and overwhelmed. The negative atmosphere caused by hostile and stressed staff significantly reduces the overall impression. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, always making sure we had everything we needed. The dining room staff is really inadequate, especially if you are Turkish, you have to wait for foreigners who come after you to be seated. Before breakfast or dinner is over, the dishes are already done or the staff simply don't want to do any more because they are tired. After saying something about this, we also got a big mouth from a staff member. In my opinion, if you work in customer relations, you need to know how to handle customers, especially if you get a big mouth from a staff member who yells at you. Because yes, they have to train their staff every year. From the cleanliness, the waiters, the chefs and the entertainment team, everything was great 👍 | The staff are always polite and happy to … 54. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are quite clean. The staff kept saying to finish, even though there were a lot of potatoes prepared, and there were 4 people waiting, even though there were 4 people waiting in front of me. The other staff member, RABIA YIL, said there were potatoes prepared and she had to help customers who were queuing in advance, but Mr. We were very quiet, very attentive and friendly staff. But I have to mention two points: the internet connection was quite weak and the cleaning staff responsible for the rooms could be criticized, so something could be better. Otherwise great hotel, great staff. The service is very good and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Staff: The staff are friendly and helpful. Friendly staff should be highlighted in a positive way. Although the staff were friendly, they were completely understaffed, especially in the pool drink service. The restaurant staff are friendly. I would also like to thank the restaurant staff, Mrs. Many thanks to the hotel management and all the staff for this beautiful and short vacation. The staff were incredibly friendly and always willing to help which made our stay very enjoyable thanks to: Feruaza from reception (not sure if the spelling is correct) Ahmet from the pool bar, he is very hardworking and always smiling and helpful Ibrahim and Vakkas from the main restaurant The room was clean and well maintained but the only downside was that the walls were quite thin. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. The service was amazing and the staff was very friendly. The staff were super friendly and helpful. Pros: * Nice hotel * Delicious food * Friendly staff * Perfect location * Good facilities Cons: *We couldn't find any negative points! Excellent hotel, very friendly staff with a pleasant attitude, amazing activities for kids with water park and fun rides, perfect for kids ages 8 and up. The cleaning staff is extremely efficient. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is attentive, it is a comfortable and clean hotel. But its staff, garden and swimming pool are very pleasant. The entertainers and all the staff, from the restaurant to the reception, were always friendly and helpful. The reception staff were very unfriendly, they forgot how to laugh... 👀, questionable and shameless, scandalous to treat guests like this ‼️ The staff needs to be replaced urgently; we have witnessed very ugly and unpleasant situations there. The restaurant staff were very nice, tried their best and worked hard, but unfortunately completely understaffed, just not enough staff for that mass of people. To highlight - the STAFF - who were extremely friendly and attentive.!!!! The service staff were very attentive and friendly, especially Muhamed Ali at the evening restaurant and Ibrahim at the beach restaurant were very friendly and helpful staff. I was immediately impressed with the hotel and felt very welcomed by the friendly and attentive staff from the first moment. - We also experienced longer waiting times on several occasions and felt that the staff did not always pay enough attention to this. - Deploy more staff to central and important locations. Cleaning, food, events, staff, everything is perfect, I'm happy to be... The staff are friendly and helpful. The reception is huge and the staff working there are always helpful and smiling. Many thanks to all the staff who helped make our stay so enjoyable. The hotel is very beautiful, the grounds are well maintained, all the staff are always friendly. The staff are very attentive and friendly, the hotel is very clean, the rooms are great, the food is delicious, the drinks are plentiful. Most of the staff don't use shakers for the cocktails we make outside the main building, they don't even mix the glasses by looking at them. The cocktails made in the lobby are of better quality, I think the staff should be trained on this issue. We would like to thank the friendly staff of the hotel, they are very helpful and dedicated. Friendly staff and knows their customers after 2 days. There were no problems with the staff, everyone was doing their job. |Very nice and friendly staff if you have any questions and ask for help… 109. As for the food, almost every day the same menu and you had to queue for the staff to refill the food containers. The service was also poor, we sometimes had to go and get the cutlery ourselves as it was not put on the tables, not to mention the chairs were greasy and had crumbs on them and the staff didn't bother to clean them for the next people. Yorum: Over 30 times I was asked to purchase products from the entertainment team, masseurs, parrot photos and photographers during my 11 nights with my partner and daughter, make your staff understand that the word "No thanks" means leave and let me enjoy my holiday without pestering me every half hour. 16 power cuts and it was mainly during dinner and never an apology from anyone, same food and lack of choice and unfriendly staff! The staff are very friendly and helpful. The service and staff were also super nice. Yorum: We found the hotel very good, the staff at the reception and at the buffet were great. The cleaning staff was very kind and accommodating. The staff is super friendly, especially the children's area animator is so kind and hardworking that our daughter still talks about her. But the staff working there don't work at all. Very friendly staff and attentive to our needs. Good facilities and nice, friendly staff. Very well maintained establishment, large choice of dishes, attentive service staff. Courteous and helpful service staff (waiters, housekeepers and cooks). A very big drawback is the bar staff, who are reluctant and do not even notice the children!!! It's stupid for me to go to a dzus bar with my child every time because the staff ignores him. The staff is very rude and doesn't know how to smile. There are two things I don't like because of the cleanliness of the hotel food and the staff. The food was delicious, the kitchen staff immediately responded to our additional requests, only the variety was a bit low. The staff are mostly unfriendly, although there are a few people who were genuinely friendly and nice. Yorum: A wonderful hotel with excellent food and friendly staff. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the food is delicious and changes every day, the hygiene is impeccable, the staff is attentive, like the waiters Veysi, Fatih, Emre, always at our service. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. We can even hear the neighbors' doorbells.|Average service, average food. Top service, top staff, magnificent hotel, we will definitely come back! Yorum: Fabulous: food, environment, services, entertainment, cleanliness, location. The service, at the reception, at the restaurant. Yorum: second stay in this hotel disappointed with the services and the hotel service which deserves to be renovated change of group which focuses on the economy the waiters are on the hunt for tips "Tipbox at will" if only the service was there the a la carte restaurant with extra, the indoor swimming pool in case of bad weather cold and very small no show in the evening a bore all the services are paid for while we have experienced the complete opposite in summary not worthy of a 5 star. Yorum: The best place of my life, nothing to say, excellent, I have never seen such top service, I could talk about it until my next vacation, it is so perfect, really recommended 22. Yorum: Very nice hotel, helpful staff and good services 25. What really sets this hotel apart is the exceptional service. A small downside was the many photographers and masseurs who spoke to us every day and wanted to offer their services. Yorum: Our last day at our hotel, we would like to share our overall experience; 1) The most distinctive feature of the hotel is that it is customer-oriented in terms of service; All the hotel staff are friendly and solution-oriented, which provides you with much enjoyment, convenience and beyond peace during your vacation. There were a few male waiters at dinner, they were very friendly and their service was good, we would like to thank them from here. Masseurs who want to offer their services are a bit annoying and intrusive, but yes... There is no service like in other hotels. From the moment we arrived we were impressed by the level of service and the quality of the facilities. The towel service is nice, but sometimes you can also get a stained or rusty towel. The service and friendliness is below standard, except for a few people. Missed dinner service one night due to England watching, so ordered room service and was charged. I have never been all inclusive and been charged for room service before. The service is very good and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Although the staff were friendly, they were completely understaffed, especially in the pool drink service. Yorum: We received a warm welcome and service as soon as we entered. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. The service was amazing and the staff was very friendly. The only downside is the slippery tiles around the pool and a big downside is the aggressiveness of the service providers of… 82. The service is really nice and wants to help and the whole hotel is really clean. Service: Minibar was included every day. The service at the restaurant is very good. The service staff were very attentive and friendly, especially Muhamed Ali at the evening restaurant and Ibrahim at the beach restaurant were very friendly and helpful staff. Advice to the owner - Set up a self-service refrigerator for drinks to avoid long waiting times, as currently one employee serves the drinks as well as cleaning and preparing the tables for new guests. The food for breakfast and dinner was very varied, hot and with table service for drinks. Excellent service, excellent WiFi, excellent choice 91. Housekeeping service - and fridge restocked daily with a range of soft drinks and even beers. Huge swimming pool, plenty of sun loungers, towel service. Many bars with perfect service, many entertainment options during the day and in the evening. Parking and valet service are available. Above all, the employees are at the service of others, they do not come to the Turks, no one brings drinks, there is no music and the swimming pool is a very bad hotel. Yorum: There is a lot of room for improvement, the service is also not the best, because many people simply do not speak German or even English😅 You order "Soda Citrus" and you only get soda, or you order "Two Cokes" and you get a Coke😬 Here are some examples: Sometimes the WiFi is very bad or works very slowly. The service was also poor, we sometimes had to go and get the cutlery ourselves as it was not put on the tables, not to mention the chairs were greasy and had crumbs on them and the staff didn't bother to clean them for the next people. Overall, my husband tried to talk to the hotel manager who was absolutely rude and suggested that we go to another hotel if the services offered did not meet our expectations. The fact is that we paid for the whole family (5 people) an ultra all-inclusive service, which Royal Wings Antalya did not even summarize in anything that defines this concept. We found the hotel and service to be excellent. The service and staff were also super nice. Service, beauty, food, etc. Also very nice service 117. Very well maintained establishment, large choice of dishes, attentive service staff. Yorum: The service and efforts of the management were excellent. Courteous and helpful service staff (waiters, housekeepers and cooks). Yorum: The service and food have deteriorated considerably. As a result, we got the service we wanted and left the hotel satisfied. Yorum: A great hotel with excellent service and delicious food.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 8.1
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 211
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. The water slides are a real highlight and offer lots of fun for children and adults alike. However, any water slide with an age requirement of 3-15 is more likely to be rated 3-11. Also worth mentioning is a superb water slide park, somewhat separate from the pool. There is also a wide selection of water slides. Small improvement: review the tiling on the Aqua Park side which is not or not sufficiently anti-slip. The amusement park and the aqua park are enough. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. Thank you Miss NUR 🌹 #Room: the new room was magnificent, overlooks the slides and the boulevard, spacious, contemporary, very clean upon our arrival, air-conditioned, contains everything necessary: ​​large flat screen, comfortable bedding, mini bar refilled every day (free), kettle,... * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. We accepted without much conviction and when we saw that the hotel did not have the facilities that we had reserved, such as the slides for example, we asked to find the Royal Wings hotel. The children's pools and slides are very nice. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. Great importance was given to safety during slides and the behaviors were generally observed in the different pools. The water slides are a real highlight and offer lots of fun for children and adults alike. We spent hours enjoying the slides and the well maintained swimming pool. My daughter wanted to go on a tire slide and just wanted to go forward, the employee said no, go back away from it. There are also many activities available for children, including the many slides in the water park. The water park with its slides is a highlight, although the Cobra slide has some injury potential. However, any water slide with an age requirement of 3-15 is more likely to be rated 3-11. Also worth mentioning is a superb water slide park, somewhat separate from the pool. A beautiful spacious swimming pool with slides and plenty of sun loungers was fantastic. There is also a wide selection of water slides. Also, the bathroom/toilet door in the bedroom is very, very difficult to re-lock (if you lock it from the inside and then want to unlock it again, it's extremely fiddly and requires a lot of force), when you close the door normally, it sometimes gets stuck somehow, so it doesn't really slide open smoothly. Unfortunately, our daughter and I couldn't do a single slide together, but next time we will when she is older. Yorum: Great hotel 👍👍 The pool is big so you don't feel like there are a lot of people. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. + pretty well-maintained garden and beautiful outdoor swimming pools + very pretty mini club and nice entertainers + off-peak season so very quiet and not too many people (surely very different in high season) + 4 fast and glazed elevators, which avoids the feeling of suffocation that you can quickly have in an elevator. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. - toilets should be added to the indoor pool - the indoor pool is very nice with a view of the garden but is not very warm although heated. Even the 2 small round pools that have a jacuzzi option are cold - music until midnight that can be heard in the room on the 8th floor, in low season however. Yorum: Fantastic holiday in May 2024 Staff, buffets, location and swimming pools, the best, a real 5*8. We had a great stay, a week around mid-September, the weather was ideal for the beach and the swimming pool (around 30°C during the day, and a pleasant temperature in the evening) #Location: very well located hotel, 15 min from the airport, opposite many shopping centers, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies... We had to complain and negotiate to get a nicer room overlooking the swimming pool... #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. but what struck us the most was the "Turkish tent" where they prepare very tasty traditional Turkish specialties (Pide, Gözleme) #Beach and swimming pool: * clean beach, sufficient number of deckchairs, free towels that are given to you on the 1st day upon arrival. * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. The Royal wings infrastructure level is magnificent swimming pool and palm tree on 1 km the beach right next door. Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. The garden is magnificent, all this nature, these flowers and these palm trees which border the swimming pools. we discussed with others well exactly the same process so without counting swimming pool closed in the morning not possible to use tibbogann and so many others that I can no longer tell you avoid this hotel 19. Yorum: second stay in this hotel disappointed with the services and the hotel service which deserves to be renovated change of group which focuses on the economy the waiters are on the hunt for tips "Tipbox at will" if only the service was there the a la carte restaurant with extra, the indoor swimming pool in case of bad weather cold and very small no show in the evening a bore all the services are paid for while we have experienced the complete opposite in summary not worthy of a 5 star. Yorum: too bad the indoor pool is not open. Yorum: The sea 5 minutes from the room, swimming pool, food galore, sun, superb dream vacation 26. Our 3 year old daughter had the time of her life going from the pool to the beach to the water park. The facilities were top notch including the spa, gym and swimming pool which were all the perfect way to relax. There are plenty of options at the pools and beach at lunch time and the food is not bad. No matter where we sit by the pool or towards the beach, we always hear the smell of cat feces while eating lunch, which is extremely disturbing. The children's pools and slides are very nice. There are many pools and options. If you only go to the children's pool, you are far from everything. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. We particularly appreciated the attention of the pool staff. Great importance was given to safety during slides and the behaviors were generally observed in the different pools. The staff are very friendly, the food is good and the pool is great. They close the indoor pool in the summer and condemn you to the infernal heat of 45 degrees outside. We were particularly impressed by the swimming pool: it is modern and well designed. The restaurant and waiters around the pool are very attentive and friendly. Irfan, the employee of the restaurant and the pool bar, for his interest in us. One of the best features was the pool and water park. We spent hours enjoying the slides and the well maintained swimming pool. Nice pool, but towels are provided from 7am. Ice creams are available at certain times at the main pool. The music setup at the pool bar in the evening is bad, if there is live music you better bring your earplugs because with some bands it feels like a karaoke night. The pool is great and my son loved it. Also, the pool is big and clean, the water park is very nice and the mini amusement park is too. After settling into our room the first day, we spent time with my son in the water park and pools where I was in the line for baked potatoes. All the servers in the lobby, restaurant and pool are top👍. There are children in every pool and not a corner where you can relax. Due to the small size of the hotel, the music played in the main pool is played throughout. The long pool is well designed so that crowds get lost and it doesn't feel overcrowded. Although the staff were friendly, they were completely understaffed, especially in the pool drink service. One person for the whole pool is simply not enough, which is why it took a long time to find something to drink. The swimming pools are sufficient and clean. There are different programs at the pool every day. We did not notice any shortage of sun loungers at the pool or on the beach. The staff were incredibly friendly and always willing to help which made our stay very enjoyable thanks to: Feruaza from reception (not sure if the spelling is correct) Ahmet from the pool bar, he is very hardworking and always smiling and helpful Ibrahim and Vakkas from the main restaurant The room was clean and well maintained but the only downside was that the walls were quite thin. The beach and pool were fantastic and had great amenities, but it was difficult to find a sunbed by the pool. Overall, this is a good place to stay with a few minor drawbacks, particularly in terms of noise and availability of poolside seating. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. We used various facilities during our stay at Royal Wings, such as the swimming pool, spa and fitness room. First of all I want to thank them, however, the hotel is very clean, the food is very good, the pool is sparkling clean, I don't know what else. But its staff, garden and swimming pool are very pleasant. The pool is huge and clean, the snacks are delicious, especially the pizza. The pools are ok, the … 81. The only downside is the slippery tiles around the pool and a big downside is the aggressiveness of the service providers of… 82. One of the best hotels, with a superb swimming pool without equal... Also worth mentioning is a superb water slide park, somewhat separate from the pool. Entertainment: It was entertainment around the main pool. Children stay at the sea or swimming pool until noon at the latest. As there were a lot of people at the pool, we were able to enjoy the beach to ourselves. The swimming pool is huge. A beautiful spacious swimming pool with slides and plenty of sun loungers was fantastic. The pool is huge and surrounds a huge area, cute little bridges to cross to see the whole area. Plus, too many sun loungers to count and a pool bar that also serves snacks. Large space, swimming pools of different sizes… 94. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... I can't say that they offer the same standard in terms of drinks, there is a serious difference in quality between the cocktails prepared in the lobby and the cocktails prepared at the pool bar. People have to go from the beach to the pool bar to drink whatever drinks they want. Huge swimming pool, plenty of sun loungers, towel service. Excellent gastronomic offer, both in the main restaurant and in the bars around the pool, I appreciate the afternoon fruit buffet. The pools were colder, the heated outdoor pool was quite busy. I stayed in the pool everyday with my family and the food was amazing. Beach-Pool: The beach is quite beautiful. The huge swimming pool in front of the hotel is very clean and beautiful. There is a heated swimming pool in the Aquapark section. Above all, the employees are at the service of others, they do not come to the Turks, no one brings drinks, there is no music and the swimming pool is a very bad hotel. Also, the food stalls outside the pool should be open longer! Another suggestion for improvement would be to put very large ice cubes or blocks of ice in the pool to make it a little cooler, as it is already very hot. It is difficult to find a trash can around the swimming pools to throw your waste in. My little ones have stained the sheets with orange juice several times, so I hit the "Clean My Room" button to have the room cleaned while we spent our day at the pool. The towels in the bathroom were stained, while those given to the pool smelled bad. Royal Wings Antalya has many swimming pools inside its complex, but no lifeguard. The swimming pool is very big and beautiful. The indoor pool is also very nice. Also the men outside the pool, at first very insistent and friendly, but as soon as you book massages they become hostile and don't even say hello. Several swimming pools, everything is super well maintained. There is a water park and an amusement park in front of the hotel and several swimming pools and restaurants behind the hotel. drink and ask questions This can still happen so what to say top top top I never knew the pool waiters of course for our daughter it was pure heaven eating delicious fruit all day and people having fun with her. The outdoor pool is very cold this season. The ceiling of the indoor pool is very low. Beautiful swimming pools with plenty of sun loungers. We have rarely experienced such clean toilets by the pool. is that foreigners don't like to serve Turks because they tip in euros, and the other is that the water in the swimming pools is extremely COLD, which I am the most victim of. the pool and the food. The outdoor and indoor pools are very large. Our 3 year old daughter had the time of her life going from the pool to the beach to the water park. I don't understand if you open your drinks with water or what, everything tastes the same. Unfortunately the sea is only beautiful in the morning, at other times the water is very wavy and cloudy, I didn't like it, I don't think they deserve the money paid. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. The sea and water park are ok, there is also an amusement park which is a bit complicated, other than that I suggest you look at other hotels. The water slides are a real highlight and offer lots of fun for children and adults alike. One of the best features was the pool and water park. They had a little house, with food and water for them, which made me so happy to see. the shower stall was holding water like that, because my child had knocked over the bottle of shower gel in the stall in the morning and it was dead by evening. The water park is fun, but boring for the employees. If you want water ice or something like a cornetto, you have to walk to the water park. Also, the pool is big and clean, the water park is very nice and the mini amusement park is too. After settling into our room the first day, we spent time with my son in the water park and pools where I was in the line for baked potatoes. The drinks are a mixture of sugar and water. There are also many activities available for children, including the many slides in the water park. The water park with its slides is a highlight, although the Cobra slide has some injury potential. The view from the balcony over the waterfront is incredible. However, the water park was a highlight: very big and incredibly fun! Having a water park and amusement park was a big factor in our choice of this hotel. It is located directly on the beach, where you can swim, sunbathe and practice water sports. It's really nice that everything in the water park and the children's amusement park is free. However, any water slide with an age requirement of 3-15 is more likely to be rated 3-11. Excellent hotel, very friendly staff with a pleasant attitude, amazing activities for kids with water park and fun rides, perfect for kids ages 8 and up. The swimming area where the water park is located is a bit far from the other swimming area. Also worth mentioning is a superb water slide park, somewhat separate from the pool. Minor drawback - The beach is made up of small stones, where you sink deep, especially in the water area, and which also descends quite quickly... Water park: excellent Considering the above, if you are a family with children, I would recommend you to think about other hotel alternatives. Towels were available as well as bottled water. There is also a wide selection of water slides. The water park is beautiful and big. In the cupboard where the refrigerator is located, there is water that keeps accumulating. (Someone should take a look at it, otherwise the box could get water damaged) The cabinet where the fridge is located can't be closed completely, but I don't think that's really a problem. Yorum: The hotel is designed for families and offers plenty of entertainment, a large water park and several rides.||We personally found the hotel's food a little bland for our taste, but after more than 30 years of vacationing … 112. There is a water park and an amusement park in front of the hotel and several swimming pools and restaurants behind the hotel. The water park is very cool. is that foreigners don't like to serve Turks because they tip in euros, and the other is that the water in the swimming pools is extremely COLD, which I am the most victim of. Even the water is better this season. After all, I would understand how cold it would be if it was summer, but the fact that there was so much cold water in April and May made me sad. Even the tourists around us who were entering the water couldn't. I stop and get out of the water. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. + pretty well-maintained garden and beautiful outdoor swimming pools + very pretty mini club and nice entertainers + off-peak season so very quiet and not too many people (surely very different in high season) + 4 fast and glazed elevators, which avoids the feeling of suffocation that you can quickly have in an elevator. Yorum: Fantastic holiday in May 2024 Staff, buffets, location and swimming pools, the best, a real 5*8. We had a great stay, a week around mid-September, the weather was ideal for the beach and the swimming pool (around 30°C during the day, and a pleasant temperature in the evening) #Location: very well located hotel, 15 min from the airport, opposite many shopping centers, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies... We had to complain and negotiate to get a nicer room overlooking the swimming pool... #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. but what struck us the most was the "Turkish tent" where they prepare very tasty traditional Turkish specialties (Pide, Gözleme) #Beach and swimming pool: * clean beach, sufficient number of deckchairs, free towels that are given to you on the 1st day upon arrival. * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. The Royal wings infrastructure level is magnificent swimming pool and palm tree on 1 km the beach right next door. Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. The garden is magnificent, all this nature, these flowers and these palm trees which border the swimming pools. we discussed with others well exactly the same process so without counting swimming pool closed in the morning not possible to use tibbogann and so many others that I can no longer tell you avoid this hotel 19. Yorum: second stay in this hotel disappointed with the services and the hotel service which deserves to be renovated change of group which focuses on the economy the waiters are on the hunt for tips "Tipbox at will" if only the service was there the a la carte restaurant with extra, the indoor swimming pool in case of bad weather cold and very small no show in the evening a bore all the services are paid for while we have experienced the complete opposite in summary not worthy of a 5 star. for people who want to go swimming. Yorum: The sea 5 minutes from the room, swimming pool, food galore, sun, superb dream vacation 26. The facilities were top notch including the spa, gym and swimming pool which were all the perfect way to relax. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. We were particularly impressed by the swimming pool: it is modern and well designed. We spent hours enjoying the slides and the well maintained swimming pool. The swimming pools are sufficient and clean. We used various facilities during our stay at Royal Wings, such as the swimming pool, spa and fitness room. The swimming area where the water park is located is a bit far from the other swimming area. But its staff, garden and swimming pool are very pleasant. One of the best hotels, with a superb swimming pool without equal... Children stay at the sea or swimming pool until noon at the latest. The swimming pool is huge. A beautiful spacious swimming pool with slides and plenty of sun loungers was fantastic. Large space, swimming pools of different sizes… 94. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... Huge swimming pool, plenty of sun loungers, towel service. The huge swimming pool in front of the hotel is very clean and beautiful. There is a heated swimming pool in the Aquapark section. Above all, the employees are at the service of others, they do not come to the Turks, no one brings drinks, there is no music and the swimming pool is a very bad hotel. It is difficult to find a trash can around the swimming pools to throw your waste in. Royal Wings Antalya has many swimming pools inside its complex, but no lifeguard. Swimming in the sea from sunrise to sunset. The swimming pool is very big and beautiful. Several swimming pools, everything is super well maintained. There is a water park and an amusement park in front of the hotel and several swimming pools and restaurants behind the hotel. Beautiful swimming pools with plenty of sun loungers. The hotel offers a great swimming course for children. Ural and the swimming/diving instructors do an excellent job and teach the children to swim or dive with great sensitivity. is that foreigners don't like to serve Turks because they tip in euros, and the other is that the water in the swimming pools is extremely COLD, which I am the most victim of. Overall, this is a good place to stay with a few minor drawbacks, particularly in terms of noise and availability of poolside seating.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 8.5
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 96
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Everything was perfect from the room to the dinners and the cleanliness.|There were 8 of us as a family and everyone was happy.|Recommended and we will definitely be back. Yorum: Fabulous: food, environment, services, entertainment, cleanliness, location. is nice and clean, the maximum cleanliness that can be in a hotel, because I am one of those who do the cleaning myself. There is a lot of noise coming from the next room and the cleanliness of the rooms cannot be called clean. Room cleanliness is a separate issue. From the cleanliness, the waiters, the chefs and the entertainment team, everything was great 👍 | The staff are always polite and happy to … 54. The cleanliness of the rooms was also disappointing. I liked the cleanliness. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. We were completely satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel. Yorum: The food is poor quality, same everyday The notion of Ultra All Inclusive is very exaggerated, anything extra/premium is charged extra Cleanliness left a lot to be desired, I contacted Ms. There are two things I don't like because of the cleanliness of the hotel food and the staff. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the food is delicious and changes every day, the hygiene is impeccable, the staff is attentive, like the waiters Veysi, Fatih, Emre, always at our service. Good food, friendly people, comfortable beds, good hygiene. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. Positive points + tastefully renovated hotel + clean hotel and rooms + daily room cleaning + varied and delicious buffet: including Turkish specialties and quality products: grilled vegetables, grilled fish, sautéed beef, fragrant rice, delicious pastries (be careful of the calories or you'll quickly come back with extra kilos haha ​​but it's so good!) + wide restaurant opening hours, we're on vacation and it's very appreciated Breakfast 7:30 a.m. Thank you Miss NUR 🌹 #Room: the new room was magnificent, overlooks the slides and the boulevard, spacious, contemporary, very clean upon our arrival, air-conditioned, contains everything necessary: ​​large flat screen, comfortable bedding, mini bar refilled every day (free), kettle,... #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. but what struck us the most was the "Turkish tent" where they prepare very tasty traditional Turkish specialties (Pide, Gözleme) #Beach and swimming pool: * clean beach, sufficient number of deckchairs, free towels that are given to you on the 1st day upon arrival. Everything was perfect from the room to the dinners and the cleanliness.|There were 8 of us as a family and everyone was happy.|Recommended and we will definitely be back. Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. Yorum: Fabulous: food, environment, services, entertainment, cleanliness, location. Our room was well maintained and clean and the refrigerator…31. The rooms were spacious, spotlessly clean and beautifully designed. Nice, very clean hotel with good rooms. 2) The rooms were cleaned every day during our stay, thank you for their efforts. Thank you very much, they filled the meals we requested for our baby before each meal; My wife was even invited to the dining hall, the dining room was very clean and the staff was meticulous. is nice and clean, the maximum cleanliness that can be in a hotel, because I am one of those who do the cleaning myself. There is a lot of noise coming from the next room and the cleanliness of the rooms cannot be called clean. Because there are thieves among the cleaning staff here. Room cleanliness is a separate issue. Rooms are cleaned regularly and well for as long as requested. Our room was spotless and very comfortable, with excellent housekeeping ensuring everything was clean and tidy throughout our stay. Yorum: This is our third visit as a family, the rooms are clean. Cleaning the table Yesterday at 8pm the sushi was finished. The rooms are nice and spacious, the air conditioning works well, cleaning is easy. From the cleanliness, the waiters, the chefs and the entertainment team, everything was great 👍 | The staff are always polite and happy to … 54. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are quite clean. Also, the pool is big and clean, the water park is very nice and the mini amusement park is too. But I have to mention two points: the internet connection was quite weak and the cleaning staff responsible for the rooms could be criticized, so something could be better. Clean: The hotel is very clean. We had to ask for a new bar of soap after a week, the cleaning ladies did not replace it until we asked. I wish the balcony was cleaned often too. The cleanliness of the rooms was also disappointing. There is only one cleaning lady per floor, who is very friendly but simply does not have enough time per room. Unfortunately, this is clearly seen in the superficiality of the cleaning. The toilet brush in particular was in a terrible state and in general it felt like there was not enough time to clean the rooms thoroughly. The rooms are large, comfortable and spotlessly clean. The sea is clean and you can easily access food and drinks while enjoying the beautiful Mediterranean. The swimming pools are sufficient and clean. The rooms are cleaned regularly. I liked the cleanliness. The staff were incredibly friendly and always willing to help which made our stay very enjoyable thanks to: Feruaza from reception (not sure if the spelling is correct) Ahmet from the pool bar, he is very hardworking and always smiling and helpful Ibrahim and Vakkas from the main restaurant The room was clean and well maintained but the only downside was that the walls were quite thin. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. Yorum: Honestly, we had some reservations when reading some of the reviews, but from the cleaning of the rooms to the attitude of the employees, they were all very good and caring. The hotel is truly magnificent: clean, modern and with all the amenities one could wish for. The hotel is clean and tidy, we had absolutely no problems. The cleaning staff is extremely efficient. First of all I want to thank them, however, the hotel is very clean, the food is very good, the pool is sparkling clean, I don't know what else. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is attentive, it is a comfortable and clean hotel. The pool is huge and clean, the snacks are delicious, especially the pizza. They didn't want to give it to us because there weren't enough cleaners who would then have to clean again. The cleaning sucks, although there is a sensor on the door to tell them to clean it, they don't clean it every day. The service is really nice and wants to help and the whole hotel is really clean. I have never seen such a clean hotel! The room was nice and very clean. Cleaning: poor. The cleaning was done late in the afternoon around 2:00 p.m., when the children were sleeping. One day I woke up to the sound of the cleaning crew knocking on every door asking if they wanted to clean. After 3:00 p.m., I asked them to clean the room. For this reason, our room was only cleaned twice a week. Even every morning I put the sign on the door saying "Please clean the room", it has not been cleaned. Advice to the owner - Set up a self-service refrigerator for drinks to avoid long waiting times, as currently one employee serves the drinks as well as cleaning and preparing the tables for new guests. The rooms were cleaned daily and the towels were new. Cleaning, food, events, staff, everything is perfect, I'm happy to be... The housekeeping was perfect, the towels large, clean and friendly. We were completely satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel. The staff are very attentive and friendly, the hotel is very clean, the rooms are great, the food is delicious, the drinks are plentiful. The rooms were clean, they were cleaned daily and the mini bar contents were checked and replenished. Rooms: Generally clean and large. The huge swimming pool in front of the hotel is very clean and beautiful. The food is so disgusting it can't even be eaten, they literally hired a cleaner to make the cocktails. Yorum: Great hotel, everything was very clean, good food with a wide choice at almost all times, not just morning, lunch and evening. I will start by pointing out that the rooms and surrounding areas are not cleaned properly. I drank from a glass and after "cleaning" the room I found the glass identical, with lipstick on it as I had used it before and dried juice inside, while the cleaning ladies put it with the bucket. My little ones have stained the sheets with orange juice several times, so I hit the "Clean My Room" button to have the room cleaned while we spent our day at the pool. The service was also poor, we sometimes had to go and get the cutlery ourselves as it was not put on the tables, not to mention the chairs were greasy and had crumbs on them and the staff didn't bother to clean them for the next people. I mean, it's literally very clean, very big, the food is very good, it's absolutely amazing, you should go there. The cleaning staff was very kind and accommodating. Yorum: The food is poor quality, same everyday The notion of Ultra All Inclusive is very exaggerated, anything extra/premium is charged extra Cleanliness left a lot to be desired, I contacted Ms. The room is very comfortable and clean. So clean towels every morning The hotel is located very close to the beach with excellent facilities. We have rarely experienced such clean toilets by the pool. Generally the area is kept clean throughout and constantly throughout the day. There are two things I don't like because of the cleanliness of the hotel food and the staff. The rooms were clean and housekeeping was helpful in every way, the only thing I would criticize is that of the hotels I have stayed in so far, only this hotel does not provide toothbrushes in the rooms.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 8.5
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 88
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: However, the wifi is not excellent everywhere and you have to expect a family hotel with few young people. Everything was perfect from the room to the dinners and the cleanliness.|There were 8 of us as a family and everyone was happy.|Recommended and we will definitely be back. Yorum: We just returned from a wonderful family vacation at this hotel. Yorum: We love Turkey, the most visited place by myself and my family, I went to Side, Belek and now Lara Beach. The family hotel is marketed as offering activities for children, but the children's activities (colouring sheets, light-up balloons, etc.) all require payment. Yorum: My family and I have visited Antalya over eight times and stayed in different hotels, but this hotel really stands out as one of the best experiences we have had! Overall, my family and I had an amazing experience. Yorum: This is our third visit as a family, the rooms are clean. Yorum: We went on an all-inclusive family vacation with a 12-year-old child. Yorum: Our family vacation at Royal Wings was overall enjoyable, but unfortunately the hotel doesn't quite live up to the high price point. Yorum: We are currently on a family vacation at the hotel. Water park: excellent Considering the above, if you are a family with children, I would recommend you to think about other hotel alternatives. Yorum: I was there with my colleagues and my family. A few things that particularly stood out to us during our stay: - The internet was often slow and unstable, which was particularly annoying when we were trying to stay in touch with family and friends. We had a two story family room connected by stairs. There is a photo shop in the hotel with an arrogant man who keeps pushing to do a family photoshoot. I stayed in the pool everyday with my family and the food was amazing. The fact is that we paid for the whole family (5 people) an ultra all-inclusive service, which Royal Wings Antalya did not even summarize in anything that defines this concept. Yorum: My family and I (2 adults and a 2 year old) spent a week there in May and what can I say, it was simply amazing. And while the kids were eating chips in the morning, they dropped one on the floor Less than 10 seconds later, I tried to pick it up and let's see... Some of the kids' club activities are money-related, such as kids' tattoos and t-shirt painting. Excellent hotel, very friendly staff with a pleasant attitude, amazing activities for kids with water park and fun rides, perfect for kids ages 8 and up. It was incredibly noisy everywhere, both in the restaurant and in the room (lots of kids screaming and stomping around) as our flight home didn't leave until late yesterday evening we wanted to book a day room to enjoy the last day. Every night at the kids' disco, the host asks all the kids to line up on stage and ONLY the kids who bought the t-shorts were invited to speak on the microphone and get a diploma. My kids asked for drinks and there were none. The kids' club was open until 12:30. We had 5 days full of activities, food, drinks and even the kids had so much fun through nightly theatre shows, movie nights and late night parties. We had a great time, especially the kids club had interesting programs for Ozge's sister. If there was a 0 that's how I would rate it, they literally persuade kids to participate in every paid activity. The family hotel is marketed as offering activities for children, but the children's activities (colouring sheets, light-up balloons, etc.) all require payment. Low involvement in children's activities. We had a great time, especially the kids club had interesting programs for Ozge's sister. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. Not ideal if you have children who need to sleep or if you simply want to go to bed earlier. They thought of everyone: * small restaurant for children with small tables and chairs, and which opens its doors 30 minutes before the main restaurant opens, like that you feed your children first so that you can eat in peace afterwards (well... (-): large sand and pebbles, and deep bay that I do not recommend for children. * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. #Hotel very suitable for children: playground, free daycare from 4 years old, mini disco every evening.. paradise for lovers and children alike. The children's pools and slides are very nice. If you only go to the children's pool, you are far from everything. With two young children we had plenty to do there. There were also plenty of offers for older children. The staff are very friendly and love children. We were very satisfied and can highly recommend this hotel to everyone, with or without children. The water slides are a real highlight and offer lots of fun for children and adults alike. Demonstration races were organised for adults during the day and activities were organised so that children could have a good time at the mini-club. The family hotel is marketed as offering activities for children, but the children's activities (colouring sheets, light-up balloons, etc.) all require payment. Meal times and opening and closing times of children's playgrounds are the same, so if you feed the child, the playground (mini amusement park) closes. It was a real treat for children and adults alike! There are spaces reserved for children and the sisters who work there are very sincere and hardworking, so you can rest your mind. Kettle dangerous with small children as it is very hot outside. In my opinion, only 3 members of the animation team actually do something and involve people and children. There are also many activities available for children, including the many slides in the water park. There are children in every pool and not a corner where you can relax. Perfect for families with children. There were plenty of activities available which kept us entertained, but we noticed that the children's area was quite small and didn't offer many options for the little ones. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. It's really nice that everything in the water park and the children's amusement park is free. We particularly recommend this hotel to families with children who are looking for a relaxing holiday. Yorum: Hotel: looks very nice, nice architecture and interior Children's entertainment: most of the children's entertainers were native Russian speakers, barely able to understand or speak English, except for the lady who seemed to be the head of the children's entertainment team. Low involvement in children's activities. They sell t-shirts for children to paint for 15 euros. All other children are completely ignored. This prompted parents to buy the €15 t-shirt, otherwise their children might feel left out. 50% of the children's disco program consisted of children's entertainment and 50% of T-short festivities. The cleaning was done late in the afternoon around 2:00 p.m., when the children were sleeping. I set Do Not Disturb to allow my children to sleep in the afternoon. Children stay at the sea or swimming pool until noon at the latest. Nothing to do with children between 12:30 and 1:00 p.m. Water park: excellent Considering the above, if you are a family with children, I would recommend you to think about other hotel alternatives. There were plenty of options for both children and adults. I would especially like to highlight the workers of the aquatic department, they pay a lot of attention to children, they were always playing pranks, which made the children even more excited. There is also a funfair with rides for adults and children. The only downside is the small play area, which requires more activity equipment for toddlers and young children. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... Yorum: We spent four nights in April, during the Ramadan holidays, with two adults and two children. I can say it is good for children and adults. I can say that this is an ideal hotel for families with children. They even have a children's restaurant. Delicious food, great room and I can recommend the diving to anyone with children. She was very kind to children. The staff is super friendly, especially the children's area animator is so kind and hardworking that our daughter still talks about her. At the mini-club, the ladies invite the children to paint t-shirts, for example. The hotel offers a great swimming course for children. Ural and the swimming/diving instructors do an excellent job and teach the children to swim or dive with great sensitivity. A large complex next to the hotel and many possibilities for children. A very big drawback is the bar staff, who are reluctant and do not even notice the children!!!

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 8.4
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 78
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: However, the wifi is not excellent everywhere and you have to expect a family hotel with few young people. Everything was perfect from the room to the dinners and the cleanliness.|There were 8 of us as a family and everyone was happy.|Recommended and we will definitely be back. Yorum: We just returned from a wonderful family vacation at this hotel. Yorum: We love Turkey, the most visited place by myself and my family, I went to Side, Belek and now Lara Beach. The family hotel is marketed as offering activities for children, but the children's activities (colouring sheets, light-up balloons, etc.) all require payment. Yorum: My family and I have visited Antalya over eight times and stayed in different hotels, but this hotel really stands out as one of the best experiences we have had! Overall, my family and I had an amazing experience. Yorum: This is our third visit as a family, the rooms are clean. Yorum: We went on an all-inclusive family vacation with a 12-year-old child. Yorum: Our family vacation at Royal Wings was overall enjoyable, but unfortunately the hotel doesn't quite live up to the high price point. Yorum: We are currently on a family vacation at the hotel. Water park: excellent Considering the above, if you are a family with children, I would recommend you to think about other hotel alternatives. Yorum: I was there with my colleagues and my family. A few things that particularly stood out to us during our stay: - The internet was often slow and unstable, which was particularly annoying when we were trying to stay in touch with family and friends. We had a two story family room connected by stairs. There is a photo shop in the hotel with an arrogant man who keeps pushing to do a family photoshoot. I stayed in the pool everyday with my family and the food was amazing. The fact is that we paid for the whole family (5 people) an ultra all-inclusive service, which Royal Wings Antalya did not even summarize in anything that defines this concept. Yorum: My family and I (2 adults and a 2 year old) spent a week there in May and what can I say, it was simply amazing. 4) One of the biggest issues for us was that our experience staying at this hotel coincided with our 8 month old baby's transition to solid foods. Thank you very much, they filled the meals we requested for our baby before each meal; My wife was even invited to the dining hall, the dining room was very clean and the staff was meticulous. Since we didn't use the blankets from the baby bed, we put them on the floor along with the extra pillows and blankets from the big bed. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. Not ideal if you have children who need to sleep or if you simply want to go to bed earlier. They thought of everyone: * small restaurant for children with small tables and chairs, and which opens its doors 30 minutes before the main restaurant opens, like that you feed your children first so that you can eat in peace afterwards (well... (-): large sand and pebbles, and deep bay that I do not recommend for children. * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. #Hotel very suitable for children: playground, free daycare from 4 years old, mini disco every evening.. paradise for lovers and children alike. The children's pools and slides are very nice. If you only go to the children's pool, you are far from everything. With two young children we had plenty to do there. There were also plenty of offers for older children. The staff are very friendly and love children. We were very satisfied and can highly recommend this hotel to everyone, with or without children. The water slides are a real highlight and offer lots of fun for children and adults alike. Demonstration races were organised for adults during the day and activities were organised so that children could have a good time at the mini-club. The family hotel is marketed as offering activities for children, but the children's activities (colouring sheets, light-up balloons, etc.) all require payment. Meal times and opening and closing times of children's playgrounds are the same, so if you feed the child, the playground (mini amusement park) closes. It was a real treat for children and adults alike! There are spaces reserved for children and the sisters who work there are very sincere and hardworking, so you can rest your mind. Kettle dangerous with small children as it is very hot outside. In my opinion, only 3 members of the animation team actually do something and involve people and children. There are also many activities available for children, including the many slides in the water park. There are children in every pool and not a corner where you can relax. Perfect for families with children. There were plenty of activities available which kept us entertained, but we noticed that the children's area was quite small and didn't offer many options for the little ones. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. It's really nice that everything in the water park and the children's amusement park is free. We particularly recommend this hotel to families with children who are looking for a relaxing holiday. Yorum: Hotel: looks very nice, nice architecture and interior Children's entertainment: most of the children's entertainers were native Russian speakers, barely able to understand or speak English, except for the lady who seemed to be the head of the children's entertainment team. Low involvement in children's activities. They sell t-shirts for children to paint for 15 euros. All other children are completely ignored. This prompted parents to buy the €15 t-shirt, otherwise their children might feel left out. 50% of the children's disco program consisted of children's entertainment and 50% of T-short festivities. The cleaning was done late in the afternoon around 2:00 p.m., when the children were sleeping. I set Do Not Disturb to allow my children to sleep in the afternoon. Children stay at the sea or swimming pool until noon at the latest. Nothing to do with children between 12:30 and 1:00 p.m. Water park: excellent Considering the above, if you are a family with children, I would recommend you to think about other hotel alternatives. There were plenty of options for both children and adults. I would especially like to highlight the workers of the aquatic department, they pay a lot of attention to children, they were always playing pranks, which made the children even more excited. There is also a funfair with rides for adults and children. The only downside is the small play area, which requires more activity equipment for toddlers and young children. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... Yorum: We spent four nights in April, during the Ramadan holidays, with two adults and two children. I can say it is good for children and adults. I can say that this is an ideal hotel for families with children. They even have a children's restaurant. Delicious food, great room and I can recommend the diving to anyone with children. She was very kind to children. The staff is super friendly, especially the children's area animator is so kind and hardworking that our daughter still talks about her. At the mini-club, the ladies invite the children to paint t-shirts, for example. The hotel offers a great swimming course for children. Ural and the swimming/diving instructors do an excellent job and teach the children to swim or dive with great sensitivity. A large complex next to the hotel and many possibilities for children. A very big drawback is the bar staff, who are reluctant and do not even notice the children!!!

Kumsal için rating: 8.4
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 77
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. We had a great stay, a week around mid-September, the weather was ideal for the beach and the swimming pool (around 30°C during the day, and a pleasant temperature in the evening) #Location: very well located hotel, 15 min from the airport, opposite many shopping centers, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies... but what struck us the most was the "Turkish tent" where they prepare very tasty traditional Turkish specialties (Pide, Gözleme) #Beach and swimming pool: * clean beach, sufficient number of deckchairs, free towels that are given to you on the 1st day upon arrival. The Royal wings infrastructure level is magnificent swimming pool and palm tree on 1 km the beach right next door. Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. Our 3 year old daughter had the time of her life going from the pool to the beach to the water park. Yorum: We love Turkey, the most visited place by myself and my family, I went to Side, Belek and now Lara Beach. We spent 10 wonderful nights at Royal Wings Lara Beach. A large modern hotel with its own beach… 34. There are plenty of options at the pools and beach at lunch time and the food is not bad. No matter where we sit by the pool or towards the beach, we always hear the smell of cat feces while eating lunch, which is extremely disturbing. In addition to a large fitness room, various activities such as beach volleyball, etc. The Long Beach Resort is definitely a better hotel. There is no bar on the pier, you will go to the beach. This also applied to the security guards, who did not even allow us to meet visitors on the beach to say hello. the sea, yes it is a sandy beach, but it gets deep immediately and is usually wavy. The beach is not great, the location to shops is good, the night entertainment is not the best and quite late so the little ones are ready for bed by then. Although Lara beach hotels are generally smaller than Belek hotels, which are a further 20 minutes away. Overall: I recommend this hotel and will definitely return when we choose to stay in Lara Beach. The beach is very beautiful. Also, the path to leave the building and go to the beach is a bit complicated, but after a while you discover shortcuts☺️. We did not notice any shortage of sun loungers at the pool or on the beach. The beach and pool were fantastic and had great amenities, but it was difficult to find a sunbed by the pool. It is located directly on the beach, where you can swim, sunbathe and practice water sports. The beach is beautiful and we had some fantastic photos taken by Kadir Mumcu as a souvenir. Minor drawback - The beach is made up of small stones, where you sink deep, especially in the water area, and which also descends quite quickly... which hinders walking on the beach. Although it has a very good beach bar, a small bar on the pier would not be the worst idea!! The service staff were very attentive and friendly, especially Muhamed Ali at the evening restaurant and Ibrahim at the beach restaurant were very friendly and helpful staff. As there were a lot of people at the pool, we were able to enjoy the beach to ourselves. - Install a router on each floor and provide separate Internet connections for the bar and the beach. Another negative is that not all cocktails can be made at the beach side bar. People have to go from the beach to the pool bar to drink whatever drinks they want. In addition, the drinks served on the beach side are served in paper cups, which considerably reduces their quality. If you come here, I will recommend you to go to Lara beach and … 103. Beach-Pool: The beach is quite beautiful. So clean towels every morning The hotel is located very close to the beach with excellent facilities. (-): large sand and pebbles, and deep bay that I do not recommend for children. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. the sea, yes it is a sandy beach, but it gets deep immediately and is usually wavy. It is made of fine sand. We landed at midnight, our suitcases were taken upstairs to a very nice room with a sea view and we had the nice surprise of discovering the restaurant open at night (midnight to 7am). + pretty well-maintained garden and beautiful outdoor swimming pools + very pretty mini club and nice entertainers + off-peak season so very quiet and not too many people (surely very different in high season) + 4 fast and glazed elevators, which avoids the feeling of suffocation that you can quickly have in an elevator. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. Even the 2 small round pools that have a jacuzzi option are cold - music until midnight that can be heard in the room on the 8th floor, in low season however. Yorum: The sea 5 minutes from the room, swimming pool, food galore, sun, superb dream vacation 26. Unfortunately the sea is only beautiful in the morning, at other times the water is very wavy and cloudy, I didn't like it, I don't think they deserve the money paid. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. They search clothes, wardrobes, handbags!!!! The only supermarket that will inflate an inflatable sea toy costs 2 euros. The sea and water park are ok, there is also an amusement park which is a bit complicated, other than that I suggest you look at other hotels. The dining room staff is really inadequate, especially if you are Turkish, you have to wait for foreigners who come after you to be seated. There are no toilet seats in the common areas. the sea, yes it is a sandy beach, but it gets deep immediately and is usually wavy. Yorum: You finally feel like treating yourself to something for a week and paying extra (€2050!!!) for a room with a partial sea view and that's it. These are the rooms with a partial sea view. The sea is clean and you can easily access food and drinks while enjoying the beautiful Mediterranean. Overall, this is a good place to stay with a few minor drawbacks, particularly in terms of noise and availability of poolside seating. Yorum: A big thank you to the manager Emre, he made our stay 5 stars by upgrading the room.|The advantages of the hotel are:|the sunbeds are close to the sea and there are plenty of them.|the sea is clear and there are plenty of fish|the … 69. Our first room was a spacious superior room with a partial sea view, but the air conditioning vents directly under our balcony were annoying. After speaking to reception we were given a new room with a full sea view without any problems - simply fantastic! Children stay at the sea or swimming pool until noon at the latest. We decided to spend seven days at this renowned hotel to enjoy a mix of relaxation and luxury by the sea. We hope to see you next season! Large comfortable seating areas in the lobby with plenty of sofas, tables and chairs. The Amphitheatre offers endless seating and brilliant shows every night. We would like to come back during the season. The location is beautiful, we were able to swim in the sea even though it was April. The rooms with partial sea view face the neighboring hotel, the noise from the fans in the hotel is disturbing. I think the rooms with land and sea view are partly better. The sea is beautiful, but it was a bit cold because I went in April. Swimming in the sea from sunrise to sunset. I liked it very much, right next to the sea. The outdoor pool is very cold this season. There are jellyfish in the sea. Even the water is better this season. We come here for the season.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 7.8
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 68
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Check-in in the impressive lobby went smoothly and suitcases were quickly transported to the rooms. We had a great stay, a week around mid-September, the weather was ideal for the beach and the swimming pool (around 30°C during the day, and a pleasant temperature in the evening) #Location: very well located hotel, 15 min from the airport, opposite many shopping centers, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies... #Reception: the only downside of our stay, after spending a sleepless night at the airport + the plane + transfer, we arrived around 7am, very tired and with a 4 year old child, we had to wait 6 hours to finally be given a room, and what a room!!! Location: Very convenient and only 20 minutes from the airport. The hotel is only 15-20 minutes from the airport. The transfer from the airport with a private bus was great. Location: 20-25 minutes from the airport for those arriving by plane. The entertainment team is busy wandering around on deckchairs and selling t-shirts. It looks like the entertainment team runs their own business inside the hotel selling t-shirts. The transfer from the airport with a private bus was great. The pools were colder, the heated outdoor pool was quite busy. Even at the end, while we were waiting for the bus to leave, the concierge asked us if we had any spare change, how cheeky! Because yes, they have to train their staff every year. The cocktails made in the lobby are of better quality, I think the staff should be trained on this issue. Parking and valet service are available. Yorum: Fantastic holiday in May 2024 Staff, buffets, location and swimming pools, the best, a real 5*8. We had a great stay, a week around mid-September, the weather was ideal for the beach and the swimming pool (around 30°C during the day, and a pleasant temperature in the evening) #Location: very well located hotel, 15 min from the airport, opposite many shopping centers, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies... Yorum: Fabulous: food, environment, services, entertainment, cleanliness, location. The beach is not great, the location to shops is good, the night entertainment is not the best and quite late so the little ones are ready for bed by then. The location is perfect anyway, LARA is always a good decision. Location: Very convenient and only 20 minutes from the airport. Positive: Aquapark, Langnese ice cream :), location, hotel complex in general. The location of the hotel is perfect. Pros: * Nice hotel * Delicious food * Friendly staff * Perfect location * Good facilities Cons: *We couldn't find any negative points! The location is good, it is close to the crossroads and markets. - Deploy more staff to central and important locations. Wide choice of food in the restaurant, as well as a good choice of food in the various locations in the hotel's huge grounds. The location is beautiful, we were able to swim in the sea even though it was April. Location: 20-25 minutes from the airport for those arriving by plane. Yorum: Very nice hotel with excellent location. The facilities and hotel are good, as is the location of the hotel. The location, design and rooms were good. It enjoys a perfect location. There are small branches of large supermarket chains nearby where you can meet your needs. - Deploy more staff to central and important locations. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. There are no toilet seats in the common areas. We had to go to the pier to relax in a quiet area. There were plenty of activities available which kept us entertained, but we noticed that the children's area was quite small and didn't offer many options for the little ones. The swimming area where the water park is located is a bit far from the other swimming area. Minor drawback - The beach is made up of small stones, where you sink deep, especially in the water area, and which also descends quite quickly... POINTS OF CRITICISM Despite the many positive aspects, there are some areas where the Royal Wings Hotel did not quite meet our expectations. Large comfortable seating areas in the lobby with plenty of sofas, tables and chairs. The pool is huge and surrounds a huge area, cute little bridges to cross to see the whole area. The only downside is the small play area, which requires more activity equipment for toddlers and young children. I just didn't like the carpet in the room, it doesn't seem hygienic at all in public areas. Some areas were not yet open. I will start by pointing out that the rooms and surrounding areas are not cleaned properly. The day of arrival and departure was also perfect, we were only able to enter the room around 2pm but we already had the opportunity to discover the whole area. What we cannot recommend at all is the spa area, especially the lady behind the counter where you have to pay, we have rarely seen such an unpleasant person!!! The staff is super friendly, especially the children's area animator is so kind and hardworking that our daughter still talks about her. Generally the area is kept clean throughout and constantly throughout the day. It's a good place to live, I've been staying there for two weeks now and I dream of coming back. Yorum: The best place of my life, nothing to say, excellent, I have never seen such top service, I could talk about it until my next vacation, it is so perfect, really recommended 22. Yorum: We love Turkey, the most visited place by myself and my family, I went to Side, Belek and now Lara Beach. It's unbelievable, but it was obvious from the day we arrived that they were standing in the same place, they didn't even pick up the bed and fix it (this is the first time we've experienced this). Compared to other places we've stayed, the shows and activities weren't as engaging or exciting, but that didn't take away from the overall enjoyment of our stay. We had to ask for a new bar of soap after a week, the cleaning ladies did not replace it until we asked. Lots of places and corners to sit. There are not enough umbrellas to provide shade and you can't find a place because of the empty deckchairs where the standard towels are thrown. Overall, this is a good place to stay with a few minor drawbacks, particularly in terms of noise and availability of poolside seating. 👀, questionable and shameless, scandalous to treat guests like this ‼️ The staff needs to be replaced urgently; we have witnessed very ugly and unpleasant situations there. The place is very child-centered. If the quality of drinks is important to you when choosing a hotel, you definitely should not choose this place. Yorum: I was very satisfied with my stay at this place. Charming place, very well appointed. Shouldn't it have been placed anyway?

Spa and Wellness için rating: 5.6
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 24
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Let's talk about the spa and the wonderful Balinese massages, but also the stronger and different Turkish ones. We used various facilities during our stay at Royal Wings, such as the swimming pool, spa and fitness room. * Use the spa for a wonderful massage. Not to mention we even went to the SPA for a Balinese massage and I noticed my towel was torn and had holes :))) The carpet in the room was stained and dirty. What we cannot recommend at all is the spa area, especially the lady behind the counter where you have to pay, we have rarely seen such an unpleasant person!!! We were harassed a lot the first day by photographers, massage/wellness vendors, etc. A big thank you to the host JOELLE for her extreme kindness, I hope that your "Turkish" colleague learns a little good manners #Spa: I wanted to have a massage but the prices are TOO expensive 10. Let's talk about the spa and the wonderful Balinese massages, but also the stronger and different Turkish ones. The massage and Turkish bath side is entrusted to a private company. They treat you badly until you get a massage and pay them. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. * Use the spa for a wonderful massage. Only during the last massage were we alone, while during other treatments we had to share the room with other clients. Not to mention we even went to the SPA for a Balinese massage and I noticed my towel was torn and had holes :))) The carpet in the room was stained and dirty. Also the men outside the pool, at first very insistent and friendly, but as soon as you book massages they become hostile and don't even say hello. We were harassed a lot the first day by photographers, massage/wellness vendors, etc. There is also a sauna with massage. There is also a sauna with massage. We decided to spend seven days at this renowned hotel to enjoy a mix of relaxation and luxury by the sea. - We were promised an exclusive treatment for two at the spa, but unfortunately this was not always respected. Only during the last massage were we alone, while during other treatments we had to share the room with other clients. I hope so 😋) * a small corner for people on a diet, with "healthy" dishes * they even thought of celiac patients, a corner with salty and sweet meals and GLUTEN-FREE bread * next to the main restaurant, there are several small restaurants and snack bars all over the hotel, which serve very good quality snacks: pizza, hamburger, döner, kumpir, hot dog, fruit, ice cream, cold drinks... - The hammam experience was particularly disappointing, as we had expected it to be a relaxing experience, but had to share it with eight other people. Even the 2 small round pools that have a jacuzzi option are cold - music until midnight that can be heard in the room on the 8th floor, in low season however.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 6.9
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 15
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Royal Wings knows how to throw a party, whether it's a garden party, a foam party or a victory party. Since we were Turkish at the foam party at noon, the host friend didn't even do it. We loved the Galaxy Party last night. Even the 2 small round pools that have a jacuzzi option are cold - music until midnight that can be heard in the room on the 8th floor, in low season however. The music setup at the pool bar in the evening is bad, if there is live music you better bring your earplugs because with some bands it feels like a karaoke night. Due to the small size of the hotel, the music played in the main pool is played throughout. No Turkish music, no animation that one associates with Türkiye. There was only one live music event, of course not Turkish. The DJ who performed twice during the 6 days also played mainly international music. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... Live music attracts foreign tourists. Above all, the employees are at the service of others, they do not come to the Turks, no one brings drinks, there is no music and the swimming pool is a very bad hotel. The only thing that was a bit annoying was the loud music at the events. The team put a lot of effort into the decoration and the DJ was fantastic. The DJ who performed twice during the 6 days also played mainly international music.

Özel Menü için rating: 10.0
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: I hope so 😋) * a small corner for people on a diet, with "healthy" dishes * they even thought of celiac patients, a corner with salty and sweet meals and GLUTEN-FREE bread * next to the main restaurant, there are several small restaurants and snack bars all over the hotel, which serve very good quality snacks: pizza, hamburger, döner, kumpir, hot dog, fruit, ice cream, cold drinks... #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. I hope so 😋) * a small corner for people on a diet, with "healthy" dishes * they even thought of celiac patients, a corner with salty and sweet meals and GLUTEN-FREE bread * next to the main restaurant, there are several small restaurants and snack bars all over the hotel, which serve very good quality snacks: pizza, hamburger, döner, kumpir, hot dog, fruit, ice cream, cold drinks... Thank you very much, they filled the meals we requested for our baby before each meal; My wife was even invited to the dining hall, the dining room was very clean and the staff was meticulous. In short, it is sold as all-inclusive, but everything except the room and the tasteless meals is extra. However, meals between meals can be a little more varied. take their meals.

Spor Alanları için rating: 6.5
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: In addition to a large fitness room, various activities such as beach volleyball, etc. We used various facilities during our stay at Royal Wings, such as the swimming pool, spa and fitness room. * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. The facilities were top notch including the spa, gym and swimming pool which were all the perfect way to relax. The gym was basic but functional. We were harassed a lot the first day by photographers, massage/wellness vendors, etc.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 6.4
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The beach is not great, the location to shops is good, the night entertainment is not the best and quite late so the little ones are ready for bed by then. The music setup at the pool bar in the evening is bad, if there is live music you better bring your earplugs because with some bands it feels like a karaoke night. There was only one live music event, of course not Turkish. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... Live music attracts foreign tourists.

Balayı için rating: 7.9
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Here is a review My new wife and I had the pleasure of spending our honeymoon at the Royal Wings Hotel in August 2024. Other hotels have private WhatsApp groups to communicate with guests, but there is nothing like this. The massage and Turkish bath side is entrusted to a private company. The transfer from the airport with a private bus was great. Each floor has private bathrooms, a shower and a minibar that is restocked daily.

Dalış için rating: 10.0
Dalış için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Dalış için tüm sonuçlar metni: Special mention to the scuba diving team who were fantastic! Delicious food, great room and I can recommend the diving to anyone with children. Ural and the swimming/diving instructors do an excellent job and teach the children to swim or dive with great sensitivity. Special mention to the scuba diving team who were fantastic!

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 8.4
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Thank you Miss NUR 🌹 #Room: the new room was magnificent, overlooks the slides and the boulevard, spacious, contemporary, very clean upon our arrival, air-conditioned, contains everything necessary: ​​large flat screen, comfortable bedding, mini bar refilled every day (free), kettle,... Every detail has been carefully considered, from luxurious bedding to stunning city views. The only negative was the mattresses being too hard, but the rooms were nicely decorated. We decided to spend seven days at this renowned hotel to enjoy a mix of relaxation and luxury by the sea.

Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için rating: 7.5
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: One thing that really stood out to me was how well the hotel took care of the local cats. And finally the cats. Since we have cats ourselves, it was all the more pleasant for our daughter to see so many cats and if anyone read the not so nice review about the cats, I don't know the story about that, but you never saw anyone grooming the cats.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 10.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The children's pools and slides are very nice. If you only go to the children's pool, you are far from everything.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 10.0
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: We decided to spend seven days at this renowned hotel to enjoy a mix of relaxation and luxury by the sea.

