Hotel Name: Royal Holiday Palace

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 8.4
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 214
All results text for Service Quality: The activities were ridiculous as hell on the part of the pool staff, there were even some who were arrogant with my daughter and didn't speak English to make themselves understood. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. The staff was very attentive, smiling, welcoming, really nothing to say... All the staff are really caring and very helpful. For such a large establishment there is a shortage of staff. The staff at reception are very welcoming but on the other hand in the restaurant the waiters do not come to you, it is up to you to call them just like at the swimming pool... Smiling staff. The staff are friendly and attentive. The hotel staff are so kind, considerate, attentive to your every need that I cried... Very friendly staff despite the language barrier. The hours are not suitable for a family and I think the hotel is understaffed. Attentive staff. The staff is very welcoming and professional. Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: Very nice hotel Smiling and attentive staff 15 minutes from the airport Close to the shopping center 25. Yorum: The servers are great 👌 Great entertainment, the staff are always smiling. The staff, including the restaurant manager, do not understand customer service. The staff is very friendly… Borat, Halil, Bedo…. The staff welcomed us very friendly. The pools were quite large and there were sufficient staff serving drinks poolside. The hotel is beautiful with lots of English speaking staff and excellent service. The staff were again great, with the exception of a few. The staff are extremely hospitable, helpful and will literally do anything for you, whether it's 37 degrees or whatever. The staff is friendly. Unfortunately, since our arrival yesterday, we have seen more staff members crying while doing their jobs. It's a bit hard to see staff crying because it somehow means that their working conditions might not be good!! You will be welcomed and your suitcases will be immediately taken care of by the staff. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. One of the hotel's strong points is the staff who do everything they can, but there are simply too few of them. It was always clean, the staff were friendly and there was a good choice of varied food and themed nights at the buffet. The hotel staff were incredibly friendly and prompt. The food was often poorly prepared, probably due to the kitchen staff being overworked. Despite the policy of posting signs to prevent this, no action was taken by hotel staff. Very friendly staff! The good first: - The staff is extremely friendly. The carpet is questionable :-) - The service staff at the buffet restaurant is not to be envied. Far too few staff. The staff were always friendly and attentive and we felt well looked after at all times. We felt completely comfortable and well looked after, the friendly staff made the stay unforgettable. The staff are only occasionally motivated and friendly, which was different in the past. The hotel impresses with its cleanliness and friendly staff, available to answer all your questions. The staff here are very attentive and we were assured at reception upon arrival that we could contact them at any time if needed for the little one! And then the unfriendly staff. The staff are very caring, I looked at some reviews saying the staff are indifferent, you have to show empathy, people find it hard to do that. Bottled water is available everywhere in the hotel, I also saw that the staff uses this bottled water to prepare drinks and so on. It also helps that the staff who deal with people there are kind and witty. The staff in general are friendly, polite and respectful. This was particularly noticeable with the restaurant staff (waiters/waitresses) and the pool cleaning service. The reception is staffed with friendly staff you can count on. Clean and friendly staff with a very child friendly pool and playground. Yorum: This hotel and the staff that run it were simply exceptional. The entertainment was comprehensive and varied, the staff were friendly and went to great lengths to make us feel included and welcome. The staff were very friendly, both inside and outside the hotel. - The friendliness of the restaurant staff was excellent, especially Baris Kivrak. **Cons:** - Unfortunately, the staff at the pool bar and pool restaurant were less motivated and only moderately friendly, which was a negative compared to other staff. The hotel is a little more expensive, but you get very good facilities, great staff and a great choice of food. The staff are always polite and helpful. The staff is super friendly, you feel like you're in good hands and you're immediately in a good mood when you talk to someone. Yorum: The hotel is very family friendly and the staff is very friendly. The food, the room cleaning staff were all very nice. Friendly and non-intrusive waiters and cleaning staff! I would particularly like to highlight the service staff: they always have a smile on their face and are happy to see us. The hotel and staff are great, no complaints. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, big, clean, the staff and food are great, especially the staff are very friendly, their services are super fast, the only thing missing from the hotel is the entertainment is very weak, it was a nice holiday, a lady named Esra gave 5/1 in the comments below and I believe the comment was given a bit deliberately, it is not possible to criticize this hotel like that Especially since all the employees are friendly and helpful, that's it. All the staff were friendly but not overly friendly so there were no downsides. I was also surprised to see that the room cleaning staff folded the clothes the children left behind and kept them very clean. The staff are extremely polite and helpful. The staff is very helpful, the rooms are cleaned every day, the food is great!!! The whole staff is amazing! The staff were incredibly friendly and the food offered a varied selection of delicacies. The food is excellent and very varied and the staff are really friendly. It is a very nice hotel, the staff, the room, the food is very good, there is not a single negative point, I thank my brother Ali who smiles, he is. one of the smiling staff, it is a very nice hotel for those who want to have a good day. The staff is extremely wonderful and treats us like family. If you contact the staff, they will take care of it immediately. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. The cleanliness is just perfect, the customer service is just wonderful. The staff, including the restaurant manager, do not understand customer service. Very friendly staff despite the language barrier. Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. Very friendly staff! We felt completely comfortable and well looked after, the friendly staff made the stay unforgettable. The hotel impresses with its cleanliness and friendly staff, available to answer all your questions. And then the unfriendly staff. The reception is staffed with friendly staff you can count on. Clean and friendly staff with a very child friendly pool and playground. The cleaning lady, I have nothing to say, smiling and helpful. The buffet, quite a bit of choice, the waiter who looked after us was very helpful and attentive (back of the restaurant), at the start of the restaurant the waiters were cold and didn't like their job). All the staff are really caring and very helpful. The staff are extremely hospitable, helpful and will literally do anything for you, whether it's 37 degrees or whatever. I have 2 tips; Everyone gets the same wristband, maybe it would be helpful to give the under 18s a different colour wristband? Very good service, smiling, helpful, great hosts. The lady in charge of customer relations was always helpful and friendly. The staff are always polite and helpful. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, big, clean, the staff and food are great, especially the staff are very friendly, their services are super fast, the only thing missing from the hotel is the entertainment is very weak, it was a nice holiday, a lady named Esra gave 5/1 in the comments below and I believe the comment was given a bit deliberately, it is not possible to criticize this hotel like that Especially since all the employees are friendly and helpful, that's it. The staff are extremely polite and helpful. The staff is very helpful, the rooms are cleaned every day, the food is great!!! The activities were ridiculous as hell on the part of the pool staff, there were even some who were arrogant with my daughter and didn't speak English to make themselves understood. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. The staff was very attentive, smiling, welcoming, really nothing to say... All the staff are really caring and very helpful. For such a large establishment there is a shortage of staff. The staff at reception are very welcoming but on the other hand in the restaurant the waiters do not come to you, it is up to you to call them just like at the swimming pool... Smiling staff. The staff are friendly and attentive. The hotel staff are so kind, considerate, attentive to your every need that I cried... Very friendly staff despite the language barrier. The hours are not suitable for a family and I think the hotel is understaffed. Attentive staff. The staff is very welcoming and professional. Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: Very nice hotel Smiling and attentive staff 15 minutes from the airport Close to the shopping center 25. Yorum: The servers are great 👌 Great entertainment, the staff are always smiling. The staff, including the restaurant manager, do not understand customer service. The staff is very friendly… Borat, Halil, Bedo…. The staff welcomed us very friendly. The pools were quite large and there were sufficient staff serving drinks poolside. The hotel is beautiful with lots of English speaking staff and excellent service. The staff were again great, with the exception of a few. The staff are extremely hospitable, helpful and will literally do anything for you, whether it's 37 degrees or whatever. The staff is friendly. Unfortunately, since our arrival yesterday, we have seen more staff members crying while doing their jobs. It's a bit hard to see staff crying because it somehow means that their working conditions might not be good!! You will be welcomed and your suitcases will be immediately taken care of by the staff. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. One of the hotel's strong points is the staff who do everything they can, but there are simply too few of them. It was always clean, the staff were friendly and there was a good choice of varied food and themed nights at the buffet. The hotel staff were incredibly friendly and prompt. The food was often poorly prepared, probably due to the kitchen staff being overworked. Despite the policy of posting signs to prevent this, no action was taken by hotel staff. Very friendly staff! The good first: - The staff is extremely friendly. The carpet is questionable :-) - The service staff at the buffet restaurant is not to be envied. Far too few staff. The staff were always friendly and attentive and we felt well looked after at all times. We felt completely comfortable and well looked after, the friendly staff made the stay unforgettable. The staff are only occasionally motivated and friendly, which was different in the past. The hotel impresses with its cleanliness and friendly staff, available to answer all your questions. The staff here are very attentive and we were assured at reception upon arrival that we could contact them at any time if needed for the little one! And then the unfriendly staff. The staff are very caring, I looked at some reviews saying the staff are indifferent, you have to show empathy, people find it hard to do that. Bottled water is available everywhere in the hotel, I also saw that the staff uses this bottled water to prepare drinks and so on. It also helps that the staff who deal with people there are kind and witty. The staff in general are friendly, polite and respectful. This was particularly noticeable with the restaurant staff (waiters/waitresses) and the pool cleaning service. The reception is staffed with friendly staff you can count on. Clean and friendly staff with a very child friendly pool and playground. Yorum: This hotel and the staff that run it were simply exceptional. The entertainment was comprehensive and varied, the staff were friendly and went to great lengths to make us feel included and welcome. The staff were very friendly, both inside and outside the hotel. - The friendliness of the restaurant staff was excellent, especially Baris Kivrak. **Cons:** - Unfortunately, the staff at the pool bar and pool restaurant were less motivated and only moderately friendly, which was a negative compared to other staff. The hotel is a little more expensive, but you get very good facilities, great staff and a great choice of food. The staff are always polite and helpful. The staff is super friendly, you feel like you're in good hands and you're immediately in a good mood when you talk to someone. Yorum: The hotel is very family friendly and the staff is very friendly. The food, the room cleaning staff were all very nice. Friendly and non-intrusive waiters and cleaning staff! I would particularly like to highlight the service staff: they always have a smile on their face and are happy to see us. The hotel and staff are great, no complaints. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, big, clean, the staff and food are great, especially the staff are very friendly, their services are super fast, the only thing missing from the hotel is the entertainment is very weak, it was a nice holiday, a lady named Esra gave 5/1 in the comments below and I believe the comment was given a bit deliberately, it is not possible to criticize this hotel like that Especially since all the employees are friendly and helpful, that's it. All the staff were friendly but not overly friendly so there were no downsides. I was also surprised to see that the room cleaning staff folded the clothes the children left behind and kept them very clean. The staff are extremely polite and helpful. The staff is very helpful, the rooms are cleaned every day, the food is great!!! The whole staff is amazing! The staff were incredibly friendly and the food offered a varied selection of delicacies. The food is excellent and very varied and the staff are really friendly. It is a very nice hotel, the staff, the room, the food is very good, there is not a single negative point, I thank my brother Ali who smiles, he is. one of the smiling staff, it is a very nice hotel for those who want to have a good day. The staff is extremely wonderful and treats us like family. If you contact the staff, they will take care of it immediately. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Yorum: The food is always the same every day, plus I think the chef doesn't taste the meals that are prepared, really no taste, drink not tasty, room not bright enough, room service, radio silence..... The cleanliness is just perfect, the customer service is just wonderful. (Small gift hung on the door for Christmas, special Christmas party, special New Year's party with Show and Concert, without any supplement, ...) Room service 24 hours a day, Lounge Bar open 24 hours a day, Bistro-Patisserie open 24 hours a day, ... The hotel is indeed 5 stars but the service offered is not 14. Yorum: I have been to several hotels in Lara, this one is the worst, lousy service, lousy food, cold, bland, tasteless, slides for children, no lifeguard, no security, no welcome drinks at reception, sorry but those who give 5 stars, it is certainly the first time they have come to Turkey, to be avoided honestly 20. Friendly servers but don't speak French, very expensive service Sauna, Hammam... Yorum: Magnificent, this hotel is an incredible luxury, the spacious rooms with balconies, the impeccable service, and the location 25 minutes from Antalya. Yorum: Too much lamb in the dishes, otherwise everything else was perfect 👌🏼, top service 29. The staff, including the restaurant manager, do not understand customer service. The service in the lobby, dining room and bars is very good. The hotel is beautiful with lots of English speaking staff and excellent service. Excellent service ! Everyone prefers to do everything for you so you have to do little or nothing yourself, a good service overall. The carpet is questionable :-) - The service staff at the buffet restaurant is not to be envied. This is the number 1 hotel that does not compromise on service and food. Very good service, smiling, helpful, great hosts. And the service from the managers and customer support was also very satisfactory. The service and cleanliness are good in all areas. The hotel itself and the catering service etc. This was particularly noticeable with the restaurant staff (waiters/waitresses) and the pool cleaning service. It's a shame about the location, but the services are poor... The only thing I recommend is not to use the services of the photographer located in the hotel. He charges an absurd amount for his services. Unfortunately, the service is not good everywhere. The service at the pool bar leaves a lot to be desired. The service on the outdoor terrace of the main restaurant is really excellent, especially Sebastian fulfills every wish and of course the service on the beach is really good. The service was completely unprofessional and simple things like: No one could really handle a latte macchiato, freshly squeezed orange juice is only available for an extra charge of 3 euros, that's the all-inclusive theme... I would particularly like to highlight the service staff: they always have a smile on their face and are happy to see us. Only the poolside service was. Unfortunately, the quality of service could not keep up at all. In summary, the Royal Holiday Palace offers decent rooms and good food, but there is still a lot of room for improvement in terms of service and hospitality. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, big, clean, the staff and food are great, especially the staff are very friendly, their services are super fast, the only thing missing from the hotel is the entertainment is very weak, it was a nice holiday, a lady named Esra gave 5/1 in the comments below and I believe the comment was given a bit deliberately, it is not possible to criticize this hotel like that Especially since all the employees are friendly and helpful, that's it. Every time I go to Pauschal Urlaub, it is the first time that I book a hotel and a flight separately and I feel burdened to have to provide the pick-up service myself, but the distance between the airport and the hotel was close, so I was able to get to the hotel without any problems, and on the day of return, I called a taxi from the lobby and it only took 5 minutes. The service and food were very good. The longer you stayed, the more you regretted the lack of variety, instead of enjoying the quality of your services. cleanliness (everywhere including the room (which is quite large), toilets, etc.), variety of food and drinks, impeccable service, huge swimming pool, numerous pool/snack bars, numerous deckchairs, great lobby/lounge. Top food and service. A fabulously beautiful holiday palace with a high level of service. Service: Very attentive and friendly, not at all greedy for tips or intrusive.

Rating for Water Slides: 7.9
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 155
All results text for Water Slides: The new children's area with water slides is amazing. The water slides are also great, we had a lot of fun with my son. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities. Nice slide for kids. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. No slide for children after 5 p.m. Year: Nice hotel Food not great (no grill) Positive points: Slide for children and adults great. Big up to the gentleman who manages the children's slides (patient and kind). Yorum: I have been to several hotels in Lara, this one is the worst, lousy service, lousy food, cold, bland, tasteless, slides for children, no lifeguard, no security, no welcome drinks at reception, sorry but those who give 5 stars, it is certainly the first time they have come to Turkey, to be avoided honestly 20. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. The pool area is really great and the slides were awesome 👍 The main restaurant gets really busy at peak times and you might want to consider going for dinner a little later. The new children's area with water slides is amazing. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). Only slight negative: the pool with the new children's slides was very cold - refreshing on hot days, but a little uncomfortable for children on cooler, windy days - and the rooms were a little noisy. The hotel is ideal for families with children (slides for children and adults) and an amusement park with carousels and a mill wheel - a great attraction for children. Slides ok, but fight for the 5 existing rings and boats... A superb pool area is truly impressive here - with slides for young and old. You slide everywhere. The water slides are also great, we had a lot of fun with my son. The swimming pool has five magnificent slides. It is common for children to run and slide down the stairs leading to the slides, but safety precautions are taken with a non-slip mat installed. The security guards who operated the slides always greeted the children with gusto and treated them with kindness, and their humor and good humor made the vacation even more enjoyable. The swimming pools are also very nice, there are lots of slides for children and there are also small pools for toddlers. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities. Cool slides for kids. You are the best ❤️ They involve you in all the pool games and activities! Otherwise good overall Restaurant: standard in the morning, different buffets available near the swimming pools with multiple choices depending on the time, in the evening a few dishes that change. Swimming pools: you have to get up early to reserve your sun loungers using your towels. The pools are not full, it was pretty cool, we had our space. The activities were ridiculous as hell on the part of the pool staff, there were even some who were arrogant with my daughter and didn't speak English to make themselves understood. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. The staff at reception are very welcoming but on the other hand in the restaurant the waiters do not come to you, it is up to you to call them just like at the swimming pool... Magnificent complex, amazing swimming pool. The only downside is that the indoor pool is cold, and the prices for a treatment or massage are expensive. Yorum: The hotel is sublime, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families. A spacious and clean room with a magnificent view (sea, swimming pool, mountains). Magnificent swimming pools for all tastes. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. Amazing pool. The welcome was wonderful, the feeling of being a king for a few days 😀😀, fantastic swimming pool. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families, the rooms are spacious and clean, the waiters are great, I don't like to say that but the food is mediocre, too bad you need to change cooks or invest in a thermomix 😂 23. The pool area is really great and the slides were awesome 👍 The main restaurant gets really busy at peak times and you might want to consider going for dinner a little later. The pool is beautiful but also very cold; however, I did not dive into the pool because it was cold. Large swimming pool, 5 minutes walk to the sea. The pools were quite large and there were sufficient staff serving drinks poolside. (The amusement park is also available in some hotels, but it costs extra, be careful about that) I would like to make some suggestions; (These are not big issues, just small things that I think would be better) 1) First of all, the hallway where you exit the pool and enter the hotel (the hallway where you enter through the revolving door, where the market and the photographer are) is extremely cold. People already get out of the pool half wet and have to go straight through this corridor, so they end up with inextricable cold/cold, etc. 2) The pool is cleaned in the evening, I saw it every night, but even though I entered the pool early in the morning, there were little things on the ground in some places. Yes, the pool is very big, but the cleaning. The outdoor pool always looked great. The children's pool is not attractive for little ones. The outdoor area is amazing, the pool that runs from the hotel and almost down to the beach is incredible. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). As a rule, there were always enough sun loungers available at the pools and on the beach. Only slight negative: the pool with the new children's slides was very cold - refreshing on hot days, but a little uncomfortable for children on cooler, windy days - and the rooms were a little noisy. This led to chaotic situations around the pool. Yorum: The holiday was very nice, the rooms were clean, the food was the same, the pools were big, clear and clean, the food at the snack bar was delicious, our only problem was that it was very hot, apart from that everything went well, especially the animation team entertained us a lot, they know their job very well. Yorum: I can recommend it for a holiday with children because they offer many activities (some for a fee), swimming pools for all ages and the beach very close. It doesn't work at all in the pool and in the room only after 10:30 p.m. Lots of swimming pools and sea access with its own jetty + jetty bar. Positive points: The complex is simply fantastic, especially the huge swimming pool invites you to relax. A superb pool area is truly impressive here - with slides for young and old. The sunbeds around the pool are usually full, which is not a big problem for us, we always prefer the sea. The pools are perfectly designed. I never had a problem finding a free spot even though we usually went to the pool late, well after 10:00. Additionally, the pool was cleaned every day. I highly recommend doing a pool day followed by a beach/pier day. This was particularly noticeable with the restaurant staff (waiters/waitresses) and the pool cleaning service. Clean and friendly staff with a very child friendly pool and playground. The pool was refreshing and awesome. The pool is very big, the children's area is great... - The pool area is very large and offers space for different needs. There is a large children's area, an action-packed pool with music and separate, quieter areas for relaxing. - The pool was carefully cleaned every evening, which we found very positive. **Cons:** - Unfortunately, the staff at the pool bar and pool restaurant were less motivated and only moderately friendly, which was a negative compared to other staff. The service at the pool bar leaves a lot to be desired. Yorum: The pool is nice, the exterior of the building is also nice, but that's it. Large spacious complex with a large swimming pool. Children's/baby pools much too cold in September despite daytime temperatures of 30-35 degrees. The daily entertainment activities like volleyball and pool party were a lot of fun. Only the poolside service was. As the pool was large, we always found a free spot. The hotel pool was spacious, clean and nicely designed. The swimming pool has five magnificent slides. It was nice that there was a variety of food available around the pool at all times and the buffet was also excellent. Swimming pools too... The swimming pools are also very nice, there are lots of slides for children and there are also small pools for toddlers. Next to the pools there are cocktails, pizzas, kebabs, fresh fruit, it's really fantastic. The pool is beautiful, with a walkway leading to the sea above. The pool is so big and at the same time the walkway provides shade when you are in the sea. You are the best ❤️ They involve you in all the pool games and activities! And the lovely Büșra who brought us drinks around the pool, always remembered what we wanted and always had a bottle of water on hand! The resort is awesome, pools, food, beach etc. cleanliness (everywhere including the room (which is quite large), toilets, etc.), variety of food and drinks, impeccable service, huge swimming pool, numerous pool/snack bars, numerous deckchairs, great lobby/lounge. Yorum: + spacious rooms + very nice hotel and swimming pool + very good breakfast - the rooms really need to be renovated, especially the bathrooms and the beds which are not very comfortable... The swimming pools are clean and hygienic. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities. The pool is huge, there are always plenty of deckchairs for everyone, even on the beach. Pool/Beach: very nice and clean, daily cleaning. The swimming pool is huge and clean. Doesn't even offer a welcome glass of water or a bracelet... The cups in the room were simply rinsed with water. The new children's area with water slides is amazing. Poor beach - direct access to deep water, water not very clean. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. From the varied food to the water entertainment to the children's activities, everything was perfectly organized. No watermelon, much less pineapple or pomegranate. But not a foam party as promised either, water is sprayed through the hose... Bottled water is available everywhere in the hotel, I also saw that the staff uses this bottled water to prepare drinks and so on. The water slides are also great, we had a lot of fun with my son. We enjoyed the food, used the water park and had a great time. efforts, the water park employees were also very attentive, the food and breakfast were very good. Second, carbonated drinks like Coke, Fanta and Sprite are really bad, they are not cold and have no gas, they are like sugar water, but other than that they are really warm. You receive water in 33 cl bottles... You can't drink the cocktails, they extend all the cocktails with water. The sea water was clean and we could have fun surfing on choppy days, but the water suddenly got deeper and the kids had to wear life jackets to enter the sea. And the lovely Büșra who brought us drinks around the pool, always remembered what we wanted and always had a bottle of water on hand! Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities. Otherwise good overall Restaurant: standard in the morning, different buffets available near the swimming pools with multiple choices depending on the time, in the evening a few dishes that change. Swimming pools: you have to get up early to reserve your sun loungers using your towels. The staff at reception are very welcoming but on the other hand in the restaurant the waiters do not come to you, it is up to you to call them just like at the swimming pool... Magnificent complex, amazing swimming pool. Yorum: The hotel is sublime, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families. A spacious and clean room with a magnificent view (sea, swimming pool, mountains). Magnificent swimming pools for all tastes. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. The welcome was wonderful, the feeling of being a king for a few days 😀😀, fantastic swimming pool. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families, the rooms are spacious and clean, the waiters are great, I don't like to say that but the food is mediocre, too bad you need to change cooks or invest in a thermomix 😂 23. We always had a lot of fun swimming and going to the evening shows. Large swimming pool, 5 minutes walk to the sea. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). Yorum: I can recommend it for a holiday with children because they offer many activities (some for a fee), swimming pools for all ages and the beach very close. Lots of swimming pools and sea access with its own jetty + jetty bar. Positive points: The complex is simply fantastic, especially the huge swimming pool invites you to relax. Large spacious complex with a large swimming pool. The swimming pool has five magnificent slides. Swimming pools too... The swimming pools are also very nice, there are lots of slides for children and there are also small pools for toddlers. cleanliness (everywhere including the room (which is quite large), toilets, etc.), variety of food and drinks, impeccable service, huge swimming pool, numerous pool/snack bars, numerous deckchairs, great lobby/lounge. Yorum: + spacious rooms + very nice hotel and swimming pool + very good breakfast - the rooms really need to be renovated, especially the bathrooms and the beds which are not very comfortable... The swimming pools are clean and hygienic. The swimming pool is huge and clean. The pools were quite large and there were sufficient staff serving drinks poolside. Only the poolside service was. The pool area is really great and the slides were awesome 👍 The main restaurant gets really busy at peak times and you might want to consider going for dinner a little later. A superb pool area is truly impressive here - with slides for young and old. - The pool area is very large and offers space for different needs. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. You are the best ❤️ They involve you in all the pool games and activities! WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. You are the best ❤️ They involve you in all the pool games and activities! WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 7.6
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 79
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): It is also a very child-friendly hotel. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). Yorum: This is my first day with family, it doesn't deserve 5 stars, we slept badly on a concrete mattress, the cleanliness leaves something to be desired. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. The hours are not suitable for a family and I think the hotel is understaffed. Thanks to all, family hotel, the hotel is located about 25 minutes from Antalya airport 19. Comment: Super family hotel. Yorum: At the moment I am still in the hotel with 2 teenagers, but I would like to enthusiastically let potential guests know that they should just book this hotel if they are looking for a family hotel!! In short, a great family vacation! Conclusion: If you are looking for a good family hotel at a reasonable price, you are well served here. Yorum: I have been coming with my family since 2011. Yorum: Family stay 2:1 (4 year old son). Yorum: The seaside holiday was a real success for the whole family. It is a family hotel. Yorum: We have stayed in other hotels many times but we really liked this place as a family. Yorum: The hotel is very family friendly and the staff is very friendly. Yorum: We came to the hotel as a wonderful family. As a family we have been seriously ill for 2 weeks, I advise you to pay attention to hygiene at this stage. Overall, a successful family holiday of 3 with a baby. It is a family friendly hotel. My family and two sons, aged 8 and 11, had a wonderful Pfingstferien stay at this hotel and returned yesterday, so much so that I felt I had to leave a review during our trip. We traveled as a family with 2 children. I am usually very careful when choosing vacation destinations for our family, but I highly recommend booking here. The staff is extremely wonderful and treats us like family. Nice slide for kids. Lots of activities for kids to do. So you still have to pay for certain things (kids club t-shirts for painting, branded alcohol, etc.). Personally the interior of the room was not to my taste, but the kids who always love gold and crystal loved it, and apart from the fact that the room was dark it was spacious and pleasant. The sea water was clean and we could have fun surfing on choppy days, but the water suddenly got deeper and the kids had to wear life jackets to enter the sea. Cool slides for kids. From the varied food to the water entertainment to the children's activities, everything was perfectly organized. So you still have to pay for certain things (kids club t-shirts for painting, branded alcohol, etc.). Very disappointed overall, for the price of 17,000 euros for 3 adults and 3 children 14 nights we deserved better. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. No slide for children after 5 p.m. Year: Nice hotel Food not great (no grill) Positive points: Slide for children and adults great. Big up to the gentleman who manages the children's slides (patient and kind). The children are left alone in their corner. No children's show. Yorum: I have been to several hotels in Lara, this one is the worst, lousy service, lousy food, cold, bland, tasteless, slides for children, no lifeguard, no security, no welcome drinks at reception, sorry but those who give 5 stars, it is certainly the first time they have come to Turkey, to be avoided honestly 20. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: The mini club leaders are great with the children, thank you. 2 adults and two children (12/10). The fact that the hotel has an amusement park and is free can be a real choice, especially for families with children. Children can literally consume alcohol and it doesn't feel good to me as a mother because I can't constantly keep up with the children. The children's pool is not attractive for little ones. The new children's area with water slides is amazing. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. Children's entertainment only exists on the schedule - in practice there is nothing. Yorum: We spent 10 days with our two young children (1 and 3 years old) at the Royal Holiday Palace and were completely satisfied. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). Only slight negative: the pool with the new children's slides was very cold - refreshing on hot days, but a little uncomfortable for children on cooler, windy days - and the rooms were a little noisy. There are many activities for children at the mini club, we can leave our children safely and comfortably, they are the heroes of our holidays. Yorum: I can recommend it for a holiday with children because they offer many activities (some for a fee), swimming pools for all ages and the beach very close. They have a kindergarten for children, the girls are super super nice but unfortunately they only speak Turkish and English. The hotel is ideal for families with children (slides for children and adults) and an amusement park with carousels and a mill wheel - a great attraction for children. Additionally, there is a daily mini-disco for children and a show for adults. From the varied food to the water entertainment to the children's activities, everything was perfectly organized. I would particularly like to highlight the friendliness of the children. Otherwise, the facility is still very nice and there are plenty of play options for children. After standing outside for over an hour in our pajamas with young children, they told us it was a small fire and we could go back to the rooms. They often make quick jokes with the children, which adds to the positive experience. The pool is very big, the children's area is great... There is a large children's area, an action-packed pool with music and separate, quieter areas for relaxing. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay between August 5th and 9th, 2 adults and 2 children, at the entrance. There are great activities in the mini club designed for our children. Unfortunately, we and our children caught the worst infections while staying at the hotel. Children's/baby pools much too cold in September despite daytime temperatures of 30-35 degrees. It is common for children to run and slide down the stairs leading to the slides, but safety precautions are taken with a non-slip mat installed. The security guards who operated the slides always greeted the children with gusto and treated them with kindness, and their humor and good humor made the vacation even more enjoyable. I was also surprised to see that the room cleaning staff folded the clothes the children left behind and kept them very clean. We traveled as a family with 2 children. The swimming pools are also very nice, there are lots of slides for children and there are also small pools for toddlers. Yorum: The rooms were very spacious and clean, they were of very high quality in terms of hygiene, the food and drinks were of very high quality, the animation team was of very high quality, designed for both adults and children. Yorum: We had a fantastic week at the Royal Holiday Palace Hotel with our 2 children. The children were able to fully enjoy their day until the end. Yorum: I have a question and a new children's game for the little ones was presented to us on a site, but unfortunately it is not available on various supplier sites. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 7.3
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 76
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): The elevators close too quickly, impossible with a stroller. Children's/baby pools much too cold in September despite daytime temperatures of 30-35 degrees. Yorum: This is my first day with family, it doesn't deserve 5 stars, we slept badly on a concrete mattress, the cleanliness leaves something to be desired. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. The hours are not suitable for a family and I think the hotel is understaffed. Thanks to all, family hotel, the hotel is located about 25 minutes from Antalya airport 19. Comment: Super family hotel. Yorum: At the moment I am still in the hotel with 2 teenagers, but I would like to enthusiastically let potential guests know that they should just book this hotel if they are looking for a family hotel!! In short, a great family vacation! Conclusion: If you are looking for a good family hotel at a reasonable price, you are well served here. Yorum: I have been coming with my family since 2011. Yorum: Family stay 2:1 (4 year old son). Yorum: The seaside holiday was a real success for the whole family. It is a family hotel. Yorum: We have stayed in other hotels many times but we really liked this place as a family. Yorum: The hotel is very family friendly and the staff is very friendly. Yorum: We came to the hotel as a wonderful family. As a family we have been seriously ill for 2 weeks, I advise you to pay attention to hygiene at this stage. Overall, a successful family holiday of 3 with a baby. It is a family friendly hotel. My family and two sons, aged 8 and 11, had a wonderful Pfingstferien stay at this hotel and returned yesterday, so much so that I felt I had to leave a review during our trip. We traveled as a family with 2 children. I am usually very careful when choosing vacation destinations for our family, but I highly recommend booking here. The staff is extremely wonderful and treats us like family. The worst part was that I was sleeping on the 5th floor with my 1 year old baby and woke up coughing because of the smoke in our room. After insisting, they gave us another room because I refused to sleep with my 1 year old baby in that burning smell. Children's/baby pools much too cold in September despite daytime temperatures of 30-35 degrees. Overall, a successful family holiday of 3 with a baby. We were shown the door with child and baby. Very disappointed overall, for the price of 17,000 euros for 3 adults and 3 children 14 nights we deserved better. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. No slide for children after 5 p.m. Year: Nice hotel Food not great (no grill) Positive points: Slide for children and adults great. Big up to the gentleman who manages the children's slides (patient and kind). The children are left alone in their corner. No children's show. Yorum: I have been to several hotels in Lara, this one is the worst, lousy service, lousy food, cold, bland, tasteless, slides for children, no lifeguard, no security, no welcome drinks at reception, sorry but those who give 5 stars, it is certainly the first time they have come to Turkey, to be avoided honestly 20. Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: The mini club leaders are great with the children, thank you. 2 adults and two children (12/10). The fact that the hotel has an amusement park and is free can be a real choice, especially for families with children. Children can literally consume alcohol and it doesn't feel good to me as a mother because I can't constantly keep up with the children. The children's pool is not attractive for little ones. The new children's area with water slides is amazing. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. Children's entertainment only exists on the schedule - in practice there is nothing. Yorum: We spent 10 days with our two young children (1 and 3 years old) at the Royal Holiday Palace and were completely satisfied. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). Only slight negative: the pool with the new children's slides was very cold - refreshing on hot days, but a little uncomfortable for children on cooler, windy days - and the rooms were a little noisy. There are many activities for children at the mini club, we can leave our children safely and comfortably, they are the heroes of our holidays. Yorum: I can recommend it for a holiday with children because they offer many activities (some for a fee), swimming pools for all ages and the beach very close. They have a kindergarten for children, the girls are super super nice but unfortunately they only speak Turkish and English. The hotel is ideal for families with children (slides for children and adults) and an amusement park with carousels and a mill wheel - a great attraction for children. Additionally, there is a daily mini-disco for children and a show for adults. From the varied food to the water entertainment to the children's activities, everything was perfectly organized. I would particularly like to highlight the friendliness of the children. Otherwise, the facility is still very nice and there are plenty of play options for children. After standing outside for over an hour in our pajamas with young children, they told us it was a small fire and we could go back to the rooms. They often make quick jokes with the children, which adds to the positive experience. The pool is very big, the children's area is great... There is a large children's area, an action-packed pool with music and separate, quieter areas for relaxing. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay between August 5th and 9th, 2 adults and 2 children, at the entrance. There are great activities in the mini club designed for our children. Unfortunately, we and our children caught the worst infections while staying at the hotel. Children's/baby pools much too cold in September despite daytime temperatures of 30-35 degrees. It is common for children to run and slide down the stairs leading to the slides, but safety precautions are taken with a non-slip mat installed. The security guards who operated the slides always greeted the children with gusto and treated them with kindness, and their humor and good humor made the vacation even more enjoyable. I was also surprised to see that the room cleaning staff folded the clothes the children left behind and kept them very clean. We traveled as a family with 2 children. The swimming pools are also very nice, there are lots of slides for children and there are also small pools for toddlers. Yorum: The rooms were very spacious and clean, they were of very high quality in terms of hygiene, the food and drinks were of very high quality, the animation team was of very high quality, designed for both adults and children. Yorum: We had a fantastic week at the Royal Holiday Palace Hotel with our 2 children. The children were able to fully enjoy their day until the end. Yorum: I have a question and a new children's game for the little ones was presented to us on a site, but unfortunately it is not available on various supplier sites. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 8.9
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 75
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Yorum: This is my first day with family, it doesn't deserve 5 stars, we slept badly on a concrete mattress, the cleanliness leaves something to be desired. Cleanliness and food are strong points. The cleanliness is just perfect, the customer service is just wonderful. Top cleanliness. I have to say the cleanliness was very good, the rooms were always spotless and the toilets were clean. The service and cleanliness are good in all areas. The hotel impresses with its cleanliness and friendly staff, available to answer all your questions. cleanliness (everywhere including the room (which is quite large), toilets, etc.), variety of food and drinks, impeccable service, huge swimming pool, numerous pool/snack bars, numerous deckchairs, great lobby/lounge. The little ones had so much fun and were able to participate in various activities without us having to worry about cleanliness and safety. The food and hygiene were an absolute disaster! As a family we have been seriously ill for 2 weeks, I advise you to pay attention to hygiene at this stage. Yorum: The rooms were very spacious and clean, they were of very high quality in terms of hygiene, the food and drinks were of very high quality, the animation team was of very high quality, designed for both adults and children. Yorum: This is my first day with family, it doesn't deserve 5 stars, we slept badly on a concrete mattress, the cleanliness leaves something to be desired. The cleaning lady, I have nothing to say, smiling and helpful. Yorum: The whole hotel was very clean, the rooms were very well cleaned every day. Cleanliness and food are strong points. The hotel is really beautiful and very clean. Beautiful, very clean. A spacious and clean room with a magnificent view (sea, swimming pool, mountains). The rooms are spacious and clean. The sea is just ahead and the gravel beach is quite clean. The cleanliness is just perfect, the customer service is just wonderful. Top cleanliness. Very clean. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families, the rooms are spacious and clean, the waiters are great, I don't like to say that but the food is mediocre, too bad you need to change cooks or invest in a thermomix 😂 23. The hotel is clean and tidy, but a little dated and outdated. The room was clean and tidy. 2) The pool is cleaned in the evening, I saw it every night, but even though I entered the pool early in the morning, there were little things on the ground in some places. Yes, the pool is very big, but the cleaning. Yorum: A great clean hotel, but it's getting old. However, it is very well maintained and clean. The bathroom has minimal mold in the grout, other than that I have no complaints about the cleaning or the room! Poor beach - direct access to deep water, water not very clean. It was always clean, the staff were friendly and there was a good choice of varied food and themed nights at the buffet. Yorum: The holiday was very nice, the rooms were clean, the food was the same, the pools were big, clear and clean, the food at the snack bar was delicious, our only problem was that it was very hot, apart from that everything went well, especially the animation team entertained us a lot, they know their job very well. Unfortunately, the cleaning of the rooms is superficial (the rooms are older). - The hotel and garden are very clean and well maintained. I have to say the cleanliness was very good, the rooms were always spotless and the toilets were clean. The service and cleanliness are good in all areas. The hotel impresses with its cleanliness and friendly staff, available to answer all your questions. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the sea is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. Additionally, the pool was cleaned every day. This was particularly noticeable with the restaurant staff (waiters/waitresses) and the pool cleaning service. Very comfortable, clean, but I imagine it could do with a refresh in terms of furnishings (doesn't apply to the bathrooms, those are top notch). Clean and friendly staff with a very child friendly pool and playground. We were very well received and our rooms were clean. The rooms are large and cleaned daily. - The pool was carefully cleaned every evening, which we found very positive. Our room was also super nice, clean and big. The food, the room cleaning staff were all very nice. Friendly and non-intrusive waiters and cleaning staff! And also, the food was very hygienic and clean. They are spacious, clean and well equipped, which made the stay comfortable. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, big, clean, the staff and food are great, especially the staff are very friendly, their services are super fast, the only thing missing from the hotel is the entertainment is very weak, it was a nice holiday, a lady named Esra gave 5/1 in the comments below and I believe the comment was given a bit deliberately, it is not possible to criticize this hotel like that Especially since all the employees are friendly and helpful, that's it. The hotel pool was spacious, clean and nicely designed. I was also surprised to see that the room cleaning staff folded the clothes the children left behind and kept them very clean. The sea water was clean and we could have fun surfing on choppy days, but the water suddenly got deeper and the kids had to wear life jackets to enter the sea. The rooms were clean and large. Whether it's the waiter, the chef, the receptionist, the cleaning lady, or even the photographer. And everything is very good, the restaurant is clean, the employees are ALL very nice. Everything is clean and well maintained. Yorum: The rooms were very spacious and clean, they were of very high quality in terms of hygiene, the food and drinks were of very high quality, the animation team was of very high quality, designed for both adults and children. The room not clean enough, same thing eating every day for 12 days nothing traditional, the worst behavior ever The reception oh my god they had a lot of attitude no respect at all!! The staff is very helpful, the rooms are cleaned every day, the food is great!!! So clean and tidy, the gardens are beautiful. cleanliness (everywhere including the room (which is quite large), toilets, etc.), variety of food and drinks, impeccable service, huge swimming pool, numerous pool/snack bars, numerous deckchairs, great lobby/lounge. The little ones had so much fun and were able to participate in various activities without us having to worry about cleanliness and safety. The swimming pools are clean and hygienic. Clean everywhere, food you can think of. The rooms are beautiful, always clean. They clean every day. Clean and tidy everywhere. Pool/Beach: very nice and clean, daily cleaning. The rooms are clean. The swimming pool is huge and clean.

Rating for Transportation Options: 8.6
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 70
All results text for Transportation Options: It takes about an hour by bus and unfortunately a taxi is quite expensive. It took about 20 minutes by taxi from Antalya airport to the hotel, I can only recommend it. Every time I go to Pauschal Urlaub, it is the first time that I book a hotel and a flight separately and I feel burdened to have to provide the pick-up service myself, but the distance between the airport and the hotel was close, so I was able to get to the hotel without any problems, and on the day of return, I called a taxi from the lobby and it only took 5 minutes. A taxi arrived and I was able to complete my journey comfortably. Thanks to all, family hotel, the hotel is located about 25 minutes from Antalya airport 19. Yorum: Very nice hotel Smiling and attentive staff 15 minutes from the airport Close to the shopping center 25. Quick access from the airport about 20-25 minutes. Cons: The location to the airport is great, you can get there quickly. It took about 20 minutes by taxi from Antalya airport to the hotel, I can only recommend it. Time: Short transfer time from Antalya airport, approximately 20 minutes. Every time I go to Pauschal Urlaub, it is the first time that I book a hotel and a flight separately and I feel burdened to have to provide the pick-up service myself, but the distance between the airport and the hotel was close, so I was able to get to the hotel without any problems, and on the day of return, I called a taxi from the lobby and it only took 5 minutes. I have been here several times now as it is my favourite hotel on Lara beach: close to the airport, sandy beach, the hotel itself meets all the requirements for a perfect stay: eg. Just 15 minutes from the airport. Yorum: Transfer: From the airport to the hotel, it takes about 15 to 40 minutes. The pool area is really great and the slides were awesome 👍 The main restaurant gets really busy at peak times and you might want to consider going for dinner a little later. No matter how busy the restaurant is, your drink should be at its maximum. Upon arrival we immediately noticed that the hotel was far too busy for the number of guests staying there. Too busy and poor management The hotel was overcrowded, which directly affected the quality of the facilities. In fact, even when it was very busy, the hotel tried to install extra beds and umbrellas between the already occupied places, especially for Dutch-Turkish guests. It takes about an hour by bus and unfortunately a taxi is quite expensive. this was nicely solved with a mattress topper - very busy dining room in the evening which is really unacceptable!!! No need to get up in the morning and get busy. Depending on the type of transfer (private transfer, minibus,...) Reception/lobby: very spacious and attractive facilities. Yorum: Magnificent, this hotel is an incredible luxury, the spacious rooms with balconies, the impeccable service, and the location 25 minutes from Antalya. - The location is also good. Cons: The location to the airport is great, you can get there quickly. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the sea is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. It's a shame about the location, but the services are poor... is in a perfect architectural structure and location with everything as in the pictures. Beautiful location. The hotel's location is ideal for exploring the surrounding area. There is almost nothing in the area that is really close - you have to be within walking distance to access the shopping centers. Every time I go to Pauschal Urlaub, it is the first time that I book a hotel and a flight separately and I feel burdened to have to provide the pick-up service myself, but the distance between the airport and the hotel was close, so I was able to get to the hotel without any problems, and on the day of return, I called a taxi from the lobby and it only took 5 minutes. Lots of shops nearby. We have decided not to book this hotel for a future vacation as there are simply better quality hotels nearby (Dolphin Chain). There is almost nothing in the area that is really close - you have to be within walking distance to access the shopping centers. Yorum: After seeing several establishments in the area, the Royal Holiday is my favorite. The pool area is really great and the slides were awesome 👍 The main restaurant gets really busy at peak times and you might want to consider going for dinner a little later. could be done a little more in depth, especially in the wooded areas. 3) It would be advantageous to place one or two fans in the garden/balcony areas of the restaurant and on the stage of the amphitheater where the events take place. The outdoor area is amazing, the pool that runs from the hotel and almost down to the beach is incredible. The new children's area with water slides is amazing. There is almost nothing in the area that is really close - you have to be within walking distance to access the shopping centers. The service and cleanliness are good in all areas. A superb pool area is truly impressive here - with slides for young and old. The beach area is also very pleasant and equipped with deckchairs and a jetty. My wife slipped in the shower in the wellness area and got a huge bump. As there is no ventilation or cooling system in the live music area, it is very hot and it is not possible to have fun or play. The pool is very big, the children's area is great... including the spa area. - The pool area is very large and offers space for different needs. There is a large children's area, an action-packed pool with music and separate, quieter areas for relaxing. The hotel's location is ideal for exploring the surrounding area. I don't usually like pasta, but the pasta at the outdoor restaurant was really excellent and the pasta buffet area also offered three different pasta dishes each day, all very delicious. About a third of the area is made up of a magnificent garden maintained down to the smallest detail. Yorum: I can definitely recommend this place. 2) The pool is cleaned in the evening, I saw it every night, but even though I entered the pool early in the morning, there were little things on the ground in some places. 3) It would be advantageous to place one or two fans in the garden/balcony areas of the restaurant and on the stage of the amphitheater where the events take place. Yorum: Another amazing place from STONE GROUP and for us our second stay in one of these royal hotels. In addition, the laying of towels started at 5am, making it almost impossible to get a deckchair, let alone a place under a parasol. In fact, even when it was very busy, the hotel tried to install extra beds and umbrellas between the already occupied places, especially for Dutch-Turkish guests. It shouldn't be that hard to put a fan in these places... A great place that we will definitely return to. If you like to wander around the city in the evening, Lara Kundu is not the right place for you. Yorum: We have stayed in other hotels many times but we really liked this place as a family. Cola from the vending machine and wine served in a plastic cup, ice cream in a cone, were in the same place, from 2 p.m. We chose this place this time because it was as wonderful as this one. Simply a place to feel good, we will definitely come back. Yorum: An incredible place for a luxurious royal vacation. Yorum: The Royal Holiday Palace is my happy place, we have been here for 6 years on the trot.

Rating for Beach: 8.0
Total number of comments for Beach: 47
All results text for Beach: On the other hand, the beach terrace is my favorite spot. Yorum: The hotel is sublime, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families. The sea is just ahead and the gravel beach is quite clean. Very beautiful beach. Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families, the rooms are spacious and clean, the waiters are great, I don't like to say that but the food is mediocre, too bad you need to change cooks or invest in a thermomix 😂 23. The outdoor area is amazing, the pool that runs from the hotel and almost down to the beach is incredible. Poor beach - direct access to deep water, water not very clean. As a rule, there were always enough sun loungers available at the pools and on the beach. Yorum: I can recommend it for a holiday with children because they offer many activities (some for a fee), swimming pools for all ages and the beach very close. The beach area is also very pleasant and equipped with deckchairs and a jetty. beach bar or amphitheater bar. I highly recommend doing a pool day followed by a beach/pier day. You can walk to the beach throughout the resort. The service on the outdoor terrace of the main restaurant is really excellent, especially Sebastian fulfills every wish and of course the service on the beach is really good. You were rarely, if ever, served on the beach. There were only five cocktails to choose from, and you can only get them at a bar about 5-10 minutes from the beach, which is extremely inconvenient if you're on the beach. The resort is awesome, pools, food, beach etc. Yorum: A beach hotel that can be fully recommended. I have been here several times now as it is my favourite hotel on Lara beach: close to the airport, sandy beach, the hotel itself meets all the requirements for a perfect stay: eg. The pool is huge, there are always plenty of deckchairs for everyone, even on the beach. Tip: Turkish tent towards the beach, here you can find Gözleme and Pide; is made by women who still understand this type of craft. Pool/Beach: very nice and clean, daily cleaning. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the sea is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. I have been here several times now as it is my favourite hotel on Lara beach: close to the airport, sandy beach, the hotel itself meets all the requirements for a perfect stay: eg. A spacious and clean room with a magnificent view (sea, swimming pool, mountains). The sea is just ahead and the gravel beach is quite clean. Large swimming pool, 5 minutes walk to the sea. Maybe it's because the season is coming to an end and the team is simply exhausted. It is more crowded in high season than during the May holidays, so we had to drop off our towels on time, it was no problem for us. Lots of swimming pools and sea access with its own jetty + jetty bar. We found it particularly pleasant that, despite booking a land-side room, we were given a room with a partial sea view - a great surprise! Yorum: The seaside holiday was a real success for the whole family. For example, fruits are unfortunately very limited at the end of the season. The sea is completely murky. Unfortunately we didn't have a sea view either. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the sea is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. The sunbeds around the pool are usually full, which is not a big problem for us, we always prefer the sea. **Pros:** - The room was very spacious and had an excellent sea view despite the side sea view we had booked. - The seats on the balcony were extremely uncomfortable. The complex is located directly on the seafront. As a doctor myself, you will understand that I am sufficiently informed to know what disease I caught and where. The sea water was clean and we could have fun surfing on choppy days, but the water suddenly got deeper and the kids had to wear life jackets to enter the sea. The pool is beautiful, with a walkway leading to the sea above. The pool is so big and at the same time the walkway provides shade when you are in the sea. By the sea, the paths almost lead to the deckchairs, and there is plenty of space between the deckchairs. The sea is unreal, warm.

Rating for Party Experience: 8.8
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 17
All results text for Party Experience: (Small gift hung on the door for Christmas, special Christmas party, special New Year's party with Show and Concert, without any supplement, ...) Room service 24 hours a day, Lounge Bar open 24 hours a day, Bistro-Patisserie open 24 hours a day, ... But not a foam party as promised either, water is sprayed through the hose... This is not a foam party... - The evening's program was rather mediocre, although the big party on Wednesday evening was organized with a lot of love and left a positive impression. The daily entertainment activities like volleyball and pool party were a lot of fun. The foam party is epic and the Friday night party! During the activities, please turn down the music from a really loud tone, think of people who have hearing problems and because of the high volume, many people cannot participate in the activities. We can hear a lot of music from the neighboring hotel which seems very lively. Always the same music. You can't sit on the terrace balcony before noon because you can hear very loud music from other hotels. No matter where, music plays all day and all night. even though there is relatively relaxed music at the breakfast table... As there is no ventilation or cooling system in the live music area, it is very hot and it is not possible to have fun or play. There is a large children's area, an action-packed pool with music and separate, quieter areas for relaxing. The entertainment and live music were nice. The hotel next door has very loud music all the time. The mini club is very popular and offers lots of fun activities.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 6.8
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 15
All results text for Spa and Wellness: Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. including the spa area. My wife slipped in the shower in the wellness area and got a huge bump. The only downside is that the indoor pool is cold, and the prices for a treatment or massage are expensive. Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. Although you could win vouchers like massages, we found this price unreasonable for an all-inclusive hotel. Friendly servers but don't speak French, very expensive service Sauna, Hammam... So there is no relaxation here. The only downside is that the indoor pool is cold, and the prices for a treatment or massage are expensive. The prices for hotel treatments remain exorbitant. Impure plates, mass treatment. Dangerous for health! On the contrary, I have never felt so well nourished and healthy. To sum up the health topic: I can't complain and I'm a very sensible person in this regard. Friendly servers but don't speak French, very expensive service Sauna, Hammam...

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2.6
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 5
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Yorum: This is my first day with family, it doesn't deserve 5 stars, we slept badly on a concrete mattress, the cleanliness leaves something to be desired. he promised us a room change but is still waiting, we all have back pain because of the mattresses or bad bed base! The mattresses were also very bad, so bad that you couldn't sleep. this was nicely solved with a mattress topper - very busy dining room in the evening which is really unacceptable!!! So there is no relaxation here.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 8.9
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 4
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: We always had a lot of fun swimming and going to the evening shows. In my opinion the entertainment team was allowed to do a little more, dance groups were often flown in for the evening shows. As there is no ventilation or cooling system in the live music area, it is very hot and it is not possible to have fun or play. The entertainment and live music were nice.

Rating for Special Menu: 7.9
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 3
All results text for Special Menu: Gluten-free offers... Yorum: The food is always the same every day, plus I think the chef doesn't taste the meals that are prepared, really no taste, drink not tasty, room not bright enough, room service, radio silence..... Yorum: The meals were very good, the waiters were great 👌, good atmosphere with the hosts.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 4.7
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 2
All results text for Children's Pool Area: The children's pool is not attractive for little ones. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 10.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 1
All results text for Sports Facilities: My wife slipped in the shower in the wellness area and got a huge bump.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 3.1
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: So there is no relaxation here.

Rating for Honeymoon: 10.0
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 1
All results text for Honeymoon: Depending on the type of transfer (private transfer, minibus,...) Reception/lobby: very spacious and attractive facilities.

