Hotel Name: Senza The Inn Resort Spa Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', "Children's Pool Area", 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Service Quality: 6.5
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 224
All results text for Service Quality: The hotel is very good physically and architecturally, but unfortunately there seem to be some limitations in terms of service quality. The reception staff is great especially (Gihan) he was very friendly and made everything easy for us and his interaction was nice. Yorum: The place is nice but the food is not good and the reception staff's treatment is not good at all 4. Poor reception by the staff, starting from the receptionists to the pool cleaners. Yorum: Great staff and a lovely place to spend a fun holiday 12. There was pizza and hamburgers in the snack bar, and I can say it was the best food we could eat, but the hotel food was terrible, we mostly saw fish and turkey on the grill, the food was cold and bad, the staff at the bar were indifferent, the cocktails were full of sugar without getting proper service, you are always looking for a queue and a table to eat, you are always in a race with foreigners, we went there just to enjoy. Not only in my room but also in others - there are no cutlery on the tables, you have to look for them or ask the staff - the bartenders are punished, alcohol in all options is very weak, as are cocktails and dram - the food is terribly wasted, but this is the fault of the guests - the elevators are dirty, the carpets and sofas in the lobby need to be washed - the rooms in the water park smell terribly of garbage, there is no ceiling in the tunnel under the hotel In general, the hotel meets 5-star standards but follows the path of least resistance, all European standards are maintained (I know because I work in this industry) Independent of the hotel: very long transfer from the airport The bad thing is that the hotel does not do anything with the opinions of the guests, they just reply with a paste that they are very sorry that you have such feelings. |Pros:|- Excellent staff, everyone is very friendly, fun to talk to and most of them speak Russian|- Mini club is a salvation for parents! - The staff is very good, but they are so few in number that they work like Superman. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. They have beautiful swimming pools where you can have a good time, but sometimes there is a sunbed problem in the pool because our staff leaves towels on the sunbeds in the pool early in the morning (even if they go to the sea themselves). I would like to thank all the staff, it was a lovely holiday for us. Almost all of the staff are young and new employees. The staff try their best when it comes to cleanliness, but it's a shame that a 5 star hotel doesn't live up to this standard, especially in terms of food. The hotel staff is young and indifferent. The hotel owner should question the chefs and staff again, because it is sad and wasteful that ingredients were purchased for which the meal was cooked tasteless, because as I noticed, most people, including us, left it on their plates without eating. Also the inexperienced actions and indifferent attitudes of the staff were very bad. I would not recommend it and hope the employer is impressed by the comments and improves their staff and the overall concept. Back to the MMA thing, it was nice to see a nice exchange of words and a fight between two Poles, of course without any reaction from the hotel staff. The staff at the snack bar took orders and served them very well, but they warned my wife to ask if you should get dressed, and they didn't warn the tourists who were there at the same time as us, and when I told them they said "we are foreigners", they don't understand that the pool bar closes at 12 midnight, while many people were sitting, they turned off the lights at 12:00, we wanted to sit without drinking alcohol there, but they politely said go away. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. There weren't enough tables in the cafeteria, you had to fight for a seat, and the staff weren't good at cleaning. |The staff are all very nice.|The rooms are cleaned daily. The hotel, the location, the beach, highly recommended.|| The staff, the hotel manager Fevzi Gulbeyaz were great! The main restaurant is clearly understaffed - there aren't enough of them, which often makes it difficult to find a seat. Insufficient staff. There are not enough staff, there are queues everywhere, and your vacation that you came to have a great time may be ruined. The staff were young. All the staff, except for the pizza and hamburger section, were friendly and attentive. Everything would be great if it weren't for the fact that the staff couldn't clean up the floating feces in the kids' pool for three days. Nice and helpful staff, bartenders are great 😊 Very large selection of food, everyone will find something for themselves, snacks are served between main meals: pizza, hamburgers, pasta. The staff are always between 17 and 19 years old, and no one knows where they are. We complained to the front desk and found a solution and most of the staff were dissatisfied, which led to a decrease in the quality of service overall. The staff were very helpful every step of the way, they cared about our comfort, and we didn't have to worry about anything. We have not had any problems with the staff, they do their best, but they are lacking. At the pool bar, a staff member is available for drinks within 15 minutes at the earliest. Yorum: Everything was terrible, I regretted coming there, the food was so bad, we stayed for 4 nights, I ate cheese and tomatoes in between, the rooms were not cleaned, the cupboards were full of dust, the sheets were not changed, the staff are very annoying and rude, when we sit in the bar section, when it is close to closing, the staff literally throws chairs on the table as if they are about to close. The hotel pool is generally nice, but the staff are very arrogant, hesitant and a bit rude. As for the bar section, the staff serve you as if they were under gunpoint. I arrived at the hotel and the reception staff had limited English. In the cafeteria, the staff did not clean the tables. First of all, we would like to thank the staff in the lobby and pastry department, they are very kind, smiling and nice. Room cleaning and pool cleaning are good The hotel is very big and I think there is a shortage of staff. The staff shortage is evident in every part of the hotel. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. - The staff is very good, but they are so few in number that they work like Superman. The cleaning staff do a good job, they make the rooms very clean, but sometimes they just know how to come off. The hotel staff knows different languages ​​and this is very good for foreigners, they speak languages ​​such as Russian, Turkish and English. The hotel in general is dirty, the staff is poor, room cleaning is almost non-existent. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. The food, room and staff are very good. The staff are caring and friendly. The hotel is nice, the staff is friendly. The staff is always helpful! The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. Yorum: Our experience at Senza Hotel was very good, we were very happy with everything from the cleanliness, the staff's attitude, and the interior and exterior design of the hotel. In some comments it was written that the staff were cold towards the Turks, but we saw that it was completely wrong, our 1.5 year old child was almost carried from lap to lap, and for this we thank you very much for everything. We asked the kid for a hamburger in the dining area and asked if there was ketchup, the husband was told that there is no ketchup in the hotel to get into the sink in the dining area, the staff was talking and as we were about to enter, they said that cleaning was in progress and they did not allow it (this happened 4 times, the food is delicious, I can't say). Yorum: Stayed 05/06 to 12/06/2024 - We remember our stay at this hotel very well - the staff were very helpful from the beginning to the end of the stay - most importantly they were not intrusive and most of them were smiling. The cleanliness was impeccable, the fruit was plentiful, the pizza delicious, and we were impressed by the friendliness of the staff, especially Vivzi at the front desk. Yorum: It's a hotel that doesn't even deserve one star, none of the staff knows where the clinic is, where the children's playground is, or the water park. Yorum: Currently in this hotel and I can honestly say if you are British don't bother this hotel is fully staffed for Eastern Europeans/Russians who are probably the rudest race of people I have ever met. Yorum: Most of the staff, especially the waiters, are very indifferent and you may be discriminated against at any time when you come here. Yorum: Animation was excellent, nice staff, hotel is good for kids if you go as a couple, not recommended, food doesn't really have variety. The staff is not attentive, and the trash is not removed on time. There are not enough utensils in the restaurant, a table is found, but there is nothing to eat, and the staff can't do anything. Yorum: When we arrived at the hotel, I looked at the comments, we were a little disappointed because of the bad comments, but the hotel is really nice, the staff was friendly, the food was good, and we were very satisfied with the security that greeted us at the entrance of the hotel. There is also a lady from Adana who works as a waitress in the beach bar and she knows very well how to deal with guests, she is a very polite and kind person, make her the hotel manager and she will have all the staff here on their side within a month. Yorum: Despite all the bad comments, I didn't encounter any negative situations, the location of the hotel is very good, the food is sufficient and we stayed for a week, the staff are friendly, especially the security who greeted us at the entrance. The rooms are clean and the staff speaks broken but understandable Polish 🤣. My kids food was in the bottle, I told the staff and I swear he said to me, "Honey, put the food in the fridge, there are ants, they won't go away no matter what we do" I was speechless again and remained silent. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. The service is very good, the staff are friendly and loyal after giving a little advice, even when you call them on the phone, they come to your door immediately. The staff's attention and behaviour towards Turkish guests is not very polite. The downside is that there is a bit of confusion with the rooms - we arrived at 7am and knew there was a waiting list for rooms - each staff member at reception told us a different price for an extra charge to get the room early. Yorum: The place is good especially since Ekaterina is the customer service manager. Well organized, smiling and helpful service is a big plus in my opinion. The service was nice and helpful which is the biggest plus of this hotel, but we definitely won't stay there again. The service is very well organized, smiling and helpful, which is a big plus in my opinion, although there is always a black sheep, like the waiter in the pizza bar, according to whom every drink must be accompanied by a tip, which every time I ordered he pointed to a glass with tips. Nice and helpful staff, bartenders are great 😊 Very large selection of food, everyone will find something for themselves, snacks are served between main meals: pizza, hamburgers, pasta. I definitely don't recommend it, you won't get your money's worth even though the hotel is UHD, many things are paid (even the Wi-Fi password), I hope this review is helpful to vacationers who are thinking of going. The staff were very helpful every step of the way, they cared about our comfort, and we didn't have to worry about anything. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! The hotel service is commendable, the animation and waiters were very nice and helpful. The staff is always helpful! And helpfully, you could see they really tried their best, the only downside was the rocky beach but the views made up for it all, there were plenty of bars everywhere, no one went hungry. The service is very nice and helpful, I admire them for putting up with people who treat them very badly, and they are always smiling. Yorum: Stayed 05/06 to 12/06/2024 - We remember our stay at this hotel very well - the staff were very helpful from the beginning to the end of the stay - most importantly they were not intrusive and most of them were smiling. The hotel also has a very helpful doctor as my partner had an ear problem which was easily resolved. Ercan, the restaurant manager, who was a very polite and helpful man, who listened to me and understood me. Veysel the waiter (who was from Urfa and was very helpful and kind) will get out of there and start working in a really good hotel. The reception staff is great especially (Gihan) he was very friendly and made everything easy for us and his interaction was nice. Yorum: The place is nice but the food is not good and the reception staff's treatment is not good at all 4. Poor reception by the staff, starting from the receptionists to the pool cleaners. Yorum: Great staff and a lovely place to spend a fun holiday 12. There was pizza and hamburgers in the snack bar, and I can say it was the best food we could eat, but the hotel food was terrible, we mostly saw fish and turkey on the grill, the food was cold and bad, the staff at the bar were indifferent, the cocktails were full of sugar without getting proper service, you are always looking for a queue and a table to eat, you are always in a race with foreigners, we went there just to enjoy. Not only in my room but also in others - there are no cutlery on the tables, you have to look for them or ask the staff - the bartenders are punished, alcohol in all options is very weak, as are cocktails and dram - the food is terribly wasted, but this is the fault of the guests - the elevators are dirty, the carpets and sofas in the lobby need to be washed - the rooms in the water park smell terribly of garbage, there is no ceiling in the tunnel under the hotel In general, the hotel meets 5-star standards but follows the path of least resistance, all European standards are maintained (I know because I work in this industry) Independent of the hotel: very long transfer from the airport The bad thing is that the hotel does not do anything with the opinions of the guests, they just reply with a paste that they are very sorry that you have such feelings. |Pros:|- Excellent staff, everyone is very friendly, fun to talk to and most of them speak Russian|- Mini club is a salvation for parents! - The staff is very good, but they are so few in number that they work like Superman. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. They have beautiful swimming pools where you can have a good time, but sometimes there is a sunbed problem in the pool because our staff leaves towels on the sunbeds in the pool early in the morning (even if they go to the sea themselves). I would like to thank all the staff, it was a lovely holiday for us. Almost all of the staff are young and new employees. The staff try their best when it comes to cleanliness, but it's a shame that a 5 star hotel doesn't live up to this standard, especially in terms of food. The hotel staff is young and indifferent. The hotel owner should question the chefs and staff again, because it is sad and wasteful that ingredients were purchased for which the meal was cooked tasteless, because as I noticed, most people, including us, left it on their plates without eating. Also the inexperienced actions and indifferent attitudes of the staff were very bad. I would not recommend it and hope the employer is impressed by the comments and improves their staff and the overall concept. Back to the MMA thing, it was nice to see a nice exchange of words and a fight between two Poles, of course without any reaction from the hotel staff. The staff at the snack bar took orders and served them very well, but they warned my wife to ask if you should get dressed, and they didn't warn the tourists who were there at the same time as us, and when I told them they said "we are foreigners", they don't understand that the pool bar closes at 12 midnight, while many people were sitting, they turned off the lights at 12:00, we wanted to sit without drinking alcohol there, but they politely said go away. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. There weren't enough tables in the cafeteria, you had to fight for a seat, and the staff weren't good at cleaning. |The staff are all very nice.|The rooms are cleaned daily. The hotel, the location, the beach, highly recommended.|| The staff, the hotel manager Fevzi Gulbeyaz were great! The main restaurant is clearly understaffed - there aren't enough of them, which often makes it difficult to find a seat. Insufficient staff. There are not enough staff, there are queues everywhere, and your vacation that you came to have a great time may be ruined. The staff were young. All the staff, except for the pizza and hamburger section, were friendly and attentive. Everything would be great if it weren't for the fact that the staff couldn't clean up the floating feces in the kids' pool for three days. Nice and helpful staff, bartenders are great 😊 Very large selection of food, everyone will find something for themselves, snacks are served between main meals: pizza, hamburgers, pasta. The staff are always between 17 and 19 years old, and no one knows where they are. We complained to the front desk and found a solution and most of the staff were dissatisfied, which led to a decrease in the quality of service overall. The staff were very helpful every step of the way, they cared about our comfort, and we didn't have to worry about anything. We have not had any problems with the staff, they do their best, but they are lacking. At the pool bar, a staff member is available for drinks within 15 minutes at the earliest. Yorum: Everything was terrible, I regretted coming there, the food was so bad, we stayed for 4 nights, I ate cheese and tomatoes in between, the rooms were not cleaned, the cupboards were full of dust, the sheets were not changed, the staff are very annoying and rude, when we sit in the bar section, when it is close to closing, the staff literally throws chairs on the table as if they are about to close. The hotel pool is generally nice, but the staff are very arrogant, hesitant and a bit rude. As for the bar section, the staff serve you as if they were under gunpoint. I arrived at the hotel and the reception staff had limited English. In the cafeteria, the staff did not clean the tables. First of all, we would like to thank the staff in the lobby and pastry department, they are very kind, smiling and nice. Room cleaning and pool cleaning are good The hotel is very big and I think there is a shortage of staff. The staff shortage is evident in every part of the hotel. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. - The staff is very good, but they are so few in number that they work like Superman. The cleaning staff do a good job, they make the rooms very clean, but sometimes they just know how to come off. The hotel staff knows different languages ​​and this is very good for foreigners, they speak languages ​​such as Russian, Turkish and English. The hotel in general is dirty, the staff is poor, room cleaning is almost non-existent. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. The food, room and staff are very good. The staff are caring and friendly. The hotel is nice, the staff is friendly. The staff is always helpful! The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. Yorum: Our experience at Senza Hotel was very good, we were very happy with everything from the cleanliness, the staff's attitude, and the interior and exterior design of the hotel. In some comments it was written that the staff were cold towards the Turks, but we saw that it was completely wrong, our 1.5 year old child was almost carried from lap to lap, and for this we thank you very much for everything. We asked the kid for a hamburger in the dining area and asked if there was ketchup, the husband was told that there is no ketchup in the hotel to get into the sink in the dining area, the staff was talking and as we were about to enter, they said that cleaning was in progress and they did not allow it (this happened 4 times, the food is delicious, I can't say). Yorum: Stayed 05/06 to 12/06/2024 - We remember our stay at this hotel very well - the staff were very helpful from the beginning to the end of the stay - most importantly they were not intrusive and most of them were smiling. The cleanliness was impeccable, the fruit was plentiful, the pizza delicious, and we were impressed by the friendliness of the staff, especially Vivzi at the front desk. Yorum: It's a hotel that doesn't even deserve one star, none of the staff knows where the clinic is, where the children's playground is, or the water park. Yorum: Currently in this hotel and I can honestly say if you are British don't bother this hotel is fully staffed for Eastern Europeans/Russians who are probably the rudest race of people I have ever met. Yorum: Most of the staff, especially the waiters, are very indifferent and you may be discriminated against at any time when you come here. Yorum: Animation was excellent, nice staff, hotel is good for kids if you go as a couple, not recommended, food doesn't really have variety. The staff is not attentive, and the trash is not removed on time. There are not enough utensils in the restaurant, a table is found, but there is nothing to eat, and the staff can't do anything. Yorum: When we arrived at the hotel, I looked at the comments, we were a little disappointed because of the bad comments, but the hotel is really nice, the staff was friendly, the food was good, and we were very satisfied with the security that greeted us at the entrance of the hotel. There is also a lady from Adana who works as a waitress in the beach bar and she knows very well how to deal with guests, she is a very polite and kind person, make her the hotel manager and she will have all the staff here on their side within a month. Yorum: Despite all the bad comments, I didn't encounter any negative situations, the location of the hotel is very good, the food is sufficient and we stayed for a week, the staff are friendly, especially the security who greeted us at the entrance. The rooms are clean and the staff speaks broken but understandable Polish 🤣. My kids food was in the bottle, I told the staff and I swear he said to me, "Honey, put the food in the fridge, there are ants, they won't go away no matter what we do" I was speechless again and remained silent. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. The service is very good, the staff are friendly and loyal after giving a little advice, even when you call them on the phone, they come to your door immediately. The staff's attention and behaviour towards Turkish guests is not very polite. The downside is that there is a bit of confusion with the rooms - we arrived at 7am and knew there was a waiting list for rooms - each staff member at reception told us a different price for an extra charge to get the room early. Poor service in cleaning rooms and lack of interest in cleaning bathrooms. Yorum: A disgusting hotel, no service, no cleaning, disgusting food, dirt filling every corner. Bad smells in the dining room, no room service, garbage, they don’t change towels, no air conditioning, no lights. Yorum: The treatment is very bad and the service is also bad. There was pizza and hamburgers in the snack bar, and I can say it was the best food we could eat, but the hotel food was terrible, we mostly saw fish and turkey on the grill, the food was cold and bad, the staff at the bar were indifferent, the cocktails were full of sugar without getting proper service, you are always looking for a queue and a table to eat, you are always in a race with foreigners, we went there just to enjoy. At the airport people were standing in line and were angry with the food and service, everything was paid for I didn't get wifi at the sea in the bar and there was no message at all. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. Yorum: I completely agree with what our friend Hakan wrote, with whom we stayed for the same period and the only difference is that I paid half the price for the same service because I bought it in the winter. I did not get the service I would expect from a 5 star hotel. The hotel is very good physically and architecturally, but unfortunately there seem to be some limitations in terms of service quality. Tired and hungry (don't wear a bracelet until 2pm, don't use the services) we paid $40 and were happily accommodated. Well organized, smiling and helpful service is a big plus in my opinion. 4 stars for service only because the waiter wearing a Dior belt and white Nike shoes saves the whole situation with his looks, culture and waiter skills. Snack bar, such as pizza, hamburger, etc., is another point of food service in the building. The service was nice and helpful which is the biggest plus of this hotel, but we definitely won't stay there again. After service it is clean and fragrant. The service is very well organized, smiling and helpful, which is a big plus in my opinion, although there is always a black sheep, like the waiter in the pizza bar, according to whom every drink must be accompanied by a tip, which every time I ordered he pointed to a glass with tips. It was very annoying but other than that the rest of the service was really great. The hotel service is hopeless (this is clearly demonstrated by the situation during one of the dinners when the waiter asked for 2 euros to clean the table). The pools were clean, the service was quite nice. In short, no service, I don't know what happened before, but I think they lowered the quality to lower the price. We complained to the front desk and found a solution and most of the staff were dissatisfied, which led to a decrease in the quality of service overall. We can't believe we paid money for this service. Although I asked, I was told that there is ice cream service, but there is no ice cream service in the hotel, they only sell it by the pool for money. Finally, how can an elevator stay out of service for one day? The service is great too. The attention to tourists, the service, the smiling face, everything is great. Of course everyone cleaned the rooms, they forgot to put the towels several times, but this is not a problem, after requesting, they immediately reported | Service … 63. Yorum: Clean rooms and red and green room service call system (buttons next to the bed)👍🏼 Food and drink 24 hours a day: best grilled dishes, very good pizza, attractive desserts, soup available at night... Underground or hotel pick-up service at certain times. We were shocked by the discrimination against Turks and the lack of service. If our compatriots expect a much higher level of service from a hotel of a price and performance, then there are hotels with much higher prices, they can choose only this place. It has obviously provided very good service in the past, but now, I don't know if it is due to financial concerns or other reasons, many of the facilities have become unusable and it has been a complete disappointment for us. Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. If you are someone going to an all inclusive hotel for the first time, the service is adequate. service. There's a small poolside bar serving French fries, pasta, tomato soup and pizza - perfectly acceptable dishes, but the service makes you want to walk out. The only good thing I can say about the hotel is the few waiters who did their job well and the lady standing on the beach where we went with the shuttle was trying to make everyone happy by taking care of them one by one from that, it was so bad, it's really sad that a hotel like this offers such a service. The hotel service is commendable, the animation and waiters were very nice and helpful. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. 🧡 Service crew friends, thank you very much for your attention 🎀 And also Tatlbudur Officer Mustafa Kemal, you were very attentive, thank you too 🙏🏻😇 86. Yorum: The place is good especially since Ekaterina is the customer service manager. Average rooms, average hotel cleanliness, room service is a steal! The service was average overall. If it weren't for the thieves in the service, I would recommend it. The service is very nice and helpful, I admire them for putting up with people who treat them very badly, and they are always smiling. Yorum: The hotel is literally inferior to boutique hotels I have visited before in terms of food and service. Only one place is perfect and that is the meat and cubed pita you will eat in the world of chicken, it is all inclusive drinks are prepared for a fee 24 hours with brands you do not know the names of, I do not want to be misunderstood, I have been to dozens of hotels, and I think this is the hotel where the service is taken seriously. Those who do not like food should ask if they can cook at home for money and I will provide the service in return.” 117. If you don't pay, they won't give you a bracelet and you can't use the hotel's services. But listen, if you want to enjoy the comfort of a 5-star hotel, drink alcohol, and eat when you are hungry at 3 am, this is not that kind of hotel, and they cannot properly complete the requirements and provide any service to get 5 stars. Paid Wi-Fi service, in case of late check-out time it is necessary to purchase a room. Rude and unpleasant service. The service is very good, the staff are friendly and loyal after giving a little advice, even when you call them on the phone, they come to your door immediately. In the hotel itself, the service was nice, especially in the main restaurant - the waiter was very polite and courteous, Alex.

Rating for Water Slides: 6.1
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 215
All results text for Water Slides: We enjoyed facilities like the free tennis court, water slides (around short day trips), organizing our friend's birthday, there were sun loungers with cushions on the beach, the buffet was also well stocked, and the furniture in the room was good. The aqua park was very nice and a fun place for the kids, but the food and beverage facilities next to the aqua park could be increased a little more. There was a friend in the aqua park and he helped us too, we thank him too. In addition, the hotel has a gym with many cardio machines, atlas, barbells and dumbbells weighing up to 25 kg; aqua park and a mini club for children. The location of the hotel is nice, the aqua park is also very nice, it is a hotel where kids can have fun, that's why we chose it, but the so called disco of the hotel was only open for one night even though we had 5 people. Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. There are slides and swimming pools for children, you have to pass through a long corridor. The water park is open 4 hours a day and you have to wait for at least 15 people to slide in front of you, there is a long queue. There were 5 slides in the aqua, we mostly preferred it for the aqua, but there was no queue due to the crowding, which is not a problem in the hotel anyway, we couldn't use that side much they were on the 3rd floor, although the Turkish guests staying on some floors said their sheets and towels were changed, our sheets and towels were not. My wife had back pain for 3 days after she was hit by someone coming from behind without waiting for her to get off the slide. Aqua slides close very quickly, they open at 2pm and close at 4am. There was a foam party and an inflatable slide in the pool. The slides in the water were working. Another very big plus for people traveling with children is a special water park - there is an area with a pirate ship and slides for small and slightly older children, and an area with slides for adults - so everyone will find something for themselves - Important information - the water park can be used from 9 to 17/18, but the big slides are available twice for 2 hours, then they are turned off and you cannot enter them. We enjoyed facilities like the free tennis court, water slides (around short day trips), organizing our friend's birthday, there were sun loungers with cushions on the beach, the buffet was also well stocked, and the furniture in the room was good. Swimming pools, slides, sports fields (I don't know for whom, because it's very warm during the summer in Türkiye). The beach, pools and slides are okay, there is always a place to be found. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! There is no variety in non-alcoholic drinks and the pool water has a large amount of chlorine. Poor reception by the staff, starting from the receptionists to the pool cleaners. Large and varied swimming pools. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. The water and children's pools are beautiful. However, there was no place to enter the regular pool, let alone swim, and I was annoyed by most of the people around me because the pools were crowded. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. They have beautiful swimming pools where you can have a good time, but sometimes there is a sunbed problem in the pool because our staff leaves towels on the sunbeds in the pool early in the morning (even if they go to the sea themselves). Of the twenty songs played by the pool, one was in Turkish, for example, Everything was calculated in euros. The hotel is crowded, and it is far from the sea, so many people use the swimming pool, which is not convenient. The pool is clean, but there are not enough sunbeds (annoying), there were enough in the sea 🌊, and most of the people in the pool. There are slides and swimming pools for children, you have to pass through a long corridor. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, the swimming pool is clean, but we were not satisfied at all with the food. The evening animation and entertainment by the pool were very boring and tasteless, of course everyone works hard there, but we want to get what we paid for. The highlight of the property is definitely the swimming pool. Yorum: Overall, the rooms, size of the hotel and size of the pools are good, but the food and drink are a complete failure. The staff at the snack bar took orders and served them very well, but they warned my wife to ask if you should get dressed, and they didn't warn the tourists who were there at the same time as us, and when I told them they said "we are foreigners", they don't understand that the pool bar closes at 12 midnight, while many people were sitting, they turned off the lights at 12:00, we wanted to sit without drinking alcohol there, but they politely said go away. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. The tiles surrounding the pool were falling off regularly, and every day there were posts in a different place to plug the holes, which were quickly repaired. The pools are great and the water is fresh and it is a shame not to use the poolside bar as there are so many possibilities and it would be a great loss not to use them. The shared toilets are cleaned constantly, only the toilets near the pool are dirty. Due to the quality and remoteness of the beach, we spent the whole day at the pool. Nice pool for kids. Everything would be great if it weren't for the fact that the staff couldn't clean up the floating feces in the kids' pool for three days. The pools were clean, the service was quite nice. Yorum: Yesterday we came back from the hotel, we had room number 3509 with pool view. The hotel offers animation, mini disco and Zumba in the pool. The pool is clean and perfect with a depth of 140 cm. Music is played by the pool during the day, so it's never boring. There was a strong smell of chlorine in the pool, and my child swallowed the water and vomited. The swimming pools are very dirty. There is a queue at the pool bar and you have to wait at least 5 minutes for your turn. The number of sun loungers at the pool is also limited. Animation is non-existent, and we are constantly asked by the pool if we want to go to a nightclub or a foam party by paying money. However, there are always some free places in the pool next to the water park and the hotel cable car leading to the sea, you must have water shoes because the entrance is rocky. There are only bazaars in the area, so if you want to see more you can use public transport and go to Alanya, Side and Manavgat which are about 400 meters from the hotel Alanya The facility is large, with loud music playing all the time, which didn't bother us because we had already seen the review on YouTube, so we knew what to expect, which is that there is a lifeguard at the hotel and the pool, which is not very obvious as I haven't always encountered it in more expensive hotels, and it is worth buying WiFi as it works throughout the whole hotel, and doesn't get crowded. I would not recommend it to people who are looking for peace and dream of relaxing quietly on a lounge chair by the pool 😉 I am definitely adding the hotel to my list of favorite facilities and taking it into consideration when choosing my next vacation. There are 500 rooms in the hotel, double occupancy for 3 people and 1500 average guests, but there are not 200 sun loungers in the pool, so we could not sleep on a sun lounger for 5 days. At the pool bar, a staff member is available for drinks within 15 minutes at the earliest. The activities in the pool are successful. Although I asked, I was told that there is ice cream service, but there is no ice cream service in the hotel, they only sell it by the pool for money. We just went to the beach, enjoyed the water for 15 minutes, then got out, and spent the rest of the day enjoying the pool at the hotel. The swimming pool is nice but not enough considering the number of people in the hotel. The hotel pool is generally nice, but the staff are very arrogant, hesitant and a bit rude. The only thing I liked was that the pizza was good and the atmosphere and the pool and the rest was not nice at all. We would also like to thank our brother Mohammed at the pool bar, his attention was very kind. Room cleaning is not enough, the smell of the dining hall entrance is very bad, there are few lifeguards in the aquapark section and there is no control over people swimming, you cannot swim in the pools because of dirty hair. The swimming pool and water park are a big plus, it is clean and safe, as there is a lifeguard. The kids' pool slippers fell off the awning in the car for 3 days and we were told we would pick them up and deliver them to the front desk. The toilet area in the pool smelled very strong and was very difficult to get in with kids and was not reliable in terms of cleanliness. Negative point: Bad smell of sewage is felt in the room and in the swimming pool. The downside is that the wifi is paid and we had several situations when we got to the pool later and there was not a single free sunbed. There are large swimming pools and a beautiful water park for the kids, keeping them busy all day long. Room cleaning and pool cleaning are good The hotel is very big and I think there is a shortage of staff. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! The only positives are the nurse and the clean water in the pool. A foot washing area is required upon entering the pool. There's a small poolside bar serving French fries, pasta, tomato soup and pizza - perfectly acceptable dishes, but the service makes you want to walk out. Swimming pools. The lifeguards were more busy on their phones than in the pool, people were swimming under their noses after landing, and I saw several times people bump into each other and/or trying to brake while descending because someone was still on the ground. The animators can be found at the pool, but they are talking to each other. Next to the main pool, the first kiosks where you are supposed to leave your money: ice cream, corn, hookah, snacks, hairdresser, etc. The rooms were clean and tidy, and the pools and water park were properly maintained. The pool was nice, the water was nice and cold, there is a bar by the pool, but we didn't like their cocktails that much, they were very bitter, but it was nice to have a lot of varieties, there are a few beach chairs, everyone puts them down at night and we can never find a beach chair. Sun loungers are reserved from the morning, and when you get down to the pool it is very difficult to find a place. You can't get towels before 9, so using the crowded pool is not possible. Yorum: The hotel is big and spacious and the pool is big too. There is no air conditioning in the hotel or in the elevators, only in the rooms and you have to be lucky to get it to work; there is an unimaginable smell and cockroaches in the bathrooms and whoever wrote that there are no cockroaches in this hotel must have made a mistake in choosing the hotel; the entrance door to the tragedy room cannot be opened normally, you had to use force; the beach is ugly and the deckchairs and tables are so dirty that you can't put anything there; the only plus is the pool area and that is the only attraction of this hotel. There was a foam party and an inflatable slide in the pool. The pool closes at 7pm. Any drinks at any time, alcoholic drinks at the pool bar and the rest at several counters throughout the hotel. The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. The hotel pools are okay, the drinks and beer in the all inclusive package are okay, sometimes there is a queue to get into the bars. Even though we booked a room with a pool view, they gave us a room with a land view. The main pools are very nice, as is the water park. For me, the downside is that the balcony windows are poorly soundproofed and evenings facing the pools can be noisy. The pool was clean. There was a pool bar, a lobby bar and an aqua bar. With the exception of the pool bar, all beverage bars were alcohol-free. The only good thing is the water park and swimming pools. If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". As for sun loungers - given the 5 or 6 pools and the large number of sun loungers and umbrellas - we never had a situation during our stay where there was no place to spread out. But what bothered us most was the noise, which was also a weak point - the speakers in the pool were very loud during the day, amplifying them in the echo space, and at night the noise from the 24/7 bar was annoying, accompanied by scandals due to tourists who had consumed too much alcohol. Wine and beer are only available in the bars, but alcohol is available at the poolside bar. Mohammed B immediately said: I hope this helps, I will go again next year, it was a luxury hotel, but the swimming pool was very dirty, no spitting in it, no urination, food spills on the floor next to the pool, and food gets into the pool with your feet. The pool was very good! Yorum: Among the positives: nice hotel, nice rooms, many swimming pools and a large water park. In general, it is impossible to find a free seat near the main pool. Towels are issued as early as 10am, and you must wait, rather than starting your morning from the beach or pool. The animation in the pool is very good. Swimming pools, slides, sports fields (I don't know for whom, because it's very warm during the summer in Türkiye). Anyway, they gave us room 3003, which overlooks the pool, and all the noise was in the room all day. While swimming in the hotel's pool during the day, Ahmet Kaya songs were playing (I like them a lot, but whether they fit the atmosphere is debatable). The pool is not too small but not too big either. They organized a Turkish night, I was hungry, the lamp in the room was not on, the air conditioner did not cool enough for 3 days, I ate the same food, the desserts are a disgrace, anyone who sees this comment should throw their money away, same thing, the mini bar is filled only once in 3 nights, the room is small, the fanta and coca pool is very chlorinated, my eyes are allergic, it is a mediocre hotel friends, do not be fooled by its appearance. There is no problem with sunbeds and drinks on the beach and around the pool, as they are all accessible. The beach, pools and slides are okay, there is always a place to be found. There is no variety in non-alcoholic drinks and the pool water has a large amount of chlorine. There are no regular pods as a side dish, once the pods were put in, they were mixed with tomato paste, there was a smell from them when the pods spoiled, there were mashed potatoes twice, the only thing so as not to die of hunger was the delicious fried eggs on the street and fried potatoes on the side, the soup was all in the form of a puree, at first I ate them, then I doubted, today the soup was lentils, tomorrow the same red soup, it became chicken, then mushrooms for children, the ticket costs the same as an adult, but they have nothing to eat there, anything spicy there is a large number of cereals, I decided to try it, their milk is like water, tasteless, breakfasts are not, there was a lot of beer, they made alcoholic cocktails, good cocktails cost $ 5. The fruits were green tangerines, sour like lemons, the peaches were hard, and the watermelon in the first three days was not sweet. At all, the green watermelon was empty so that they would not die of hunger with it. Watermelons, they've become more or less. On the last day, they did not allow us to expand our room due to the large number of people checking in, but they charged us $ 10 per room so that we would not have to take off our bracelets so that we could eat watermelon for lunch before leaving, before that, they left the room at 12, but they did not take off the bracelets and did not take any money, apparently they decided to attack us in general, I want to say that apart from the area and the rooms, I did not like anything, I used to go to Adler every year, I came with a very sad feeling, I arrived yesterday very happy because I was home of course from the violation of the diet, but I can not eat anything yet, the food in front of their eyes is not tasty. There were high hopes for the watermelon, but it had no taste. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. Not only in my room but also in others - there are no cutlery on the tables, you have to look for them or ask the staff - the bartenders are punished, alcohol in all options is very weak, as are cocktails and dram - the food is terribly wasted, but this is the fault of the guests - the elevators are dirty, the carpets and sofas in the lobby need to be washed - the rooms in the water park smell terribly of garbage, there is no ceiling in the tunnel under the hotel In general, the hotel meets 5-star standards but follows the path of least resistance, all European standards are maintained (I know because I work in this industry) Independent of the hotel: very long transfer from the airport The bad thing is that the hotel does not do anything with the opinions of the guests, they just reply with a paste that they are very sorry that you have such feelings. There was no trash can in the room and there was no head towel in the room placed in the room and we had to carry water to the room. The water and children's pools are beautiful. The water park is really beautiful. There is not even cold water in the bar area. I didn't like the watermelon 🍈 and watermelon 🍉, they weren't sweet at all. Despite its beautiful appearance and quantity, the cake tastes the same, like powder mixed with water. We found a room with a shower and moldy walls, the air conditioning only worked when we were in the room and the balcony was closed, the guy announced that it was supposed to be like this, then it turned out we had no hot water. The pools are great and the water is fresh and it is a shame not to use the poolside bar as there are so many possibilities and it would be a great loss not to use them. The beach is about 500 meters from the hotel, maybe more, the sunbeds are hidden from the sun, the descent is a bit difficult, but you can go down near the dam and enjoy the hot water, not here it has the opportunity to cool down. Well, the water park is a nice ship for kids. Heavily chlorinated water. The photo shows the water park, which is accessible via a tunnel from the hotel. The beach is a misconception: next to the breakwater, far from the hotel, you can get there by the hotel tractor - seriously, it's very small, I wouldn't even recommend going there for families with children. Bottled water is available without restrictions in refrigerators. There was a strong smell of chlorine in the pool, and my child swallowed the water and vomited. The water park is open 4 hours a day and you have to wait for at least 15 people to slide in front of you, there is a long queue. Meals are served by waiters at tables, you don't have to queue, fresh, prepared regularly, good food, and a large selection of unlimited bottled water is available. However, there are always some free places in the pool next to the water park and the hotel cable car leading to the sea, you must have water shoes because the entrance is rocky. Overall, the water park was nice and good (of course the supervisors were sometimes harsh on the tourists). We just went to the beach, enjoyed the water for 15 minutes, then got out, and spent the rest of the day enjoying the pool at the hotel. Yorum: Hi we stayed for 4 nights and 5 days we chose this hotel because of the water park. The swimming pool and water park are a big plus, it is clean and safe, as there is a lifeguard. “No one was satisfied when we complained in groups and insisted on certain things.” Our complaints were taken seriously, water and coffee in the rooms are not replenished. The pie was only in the water section, so you had to go there from the main building. The food is generally good, we were very pleased especially with the pizza section and the chicken world, the water park in the hotel is very nice, the friend called Mohammed is very attentive and entertains the guests well, regardless of whether they are adults or children, except for the minor shortcomings, it is an ideal hotel with value for money. There are large swimming pools and a beautiful water park for the kids, keeping them busy all day long. Not bad, but the variety of desserts was not good, it seems that the milk desserts are made with water and not milk.. Ridiculous, there is no food in the water, it is on the beach until 16 o'clock, then there is no food or drink, and the sea is rocky, up to a certain point. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. There is supposed to be water in the mini bar daily, but we had to carry water from the bar to the restaurant, etc. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. The only positives are the nurse and the clean water in the pool. Grandma makes Turkish pancakes at the water park. The smell of the water and air conditioning is absolutely disgusting. The water is not heated. If you would like to have water or a snack on the day of departure, you must pay. The towels were a disgrace, one of the towels smelled so bad I bought it and took it to the front desk, the guy smelled it and said, "Brother, you're right, I'm sorry." On the third day, they wouldn't put water in the room until I called the front desk five or six times and no one answered. While I was in the bathroom the electricity went out several times and when the water went out the water didn't flow and I didn't understand how that happened. The rooms were clean and tidy, and the pools and water park were properly maintained. The pool was nice, the water was nice and cold, there is a bar by the pool, but we didn't like their cocktails that much, they were very bitter, but it was nice to have a lot of varieties, there are a few beach chairs, everyone puts them down at night and we can never find a beach chair. You are waiting in line at the water park. I understand that Turks don't shop, but when you count something worth 2 euros according to the exchange rate, it's not worth that amount 😂 The water park is nice, but the moss on the stairs was there for 2 days and I didn't spend much time there because I felt very uncomfortable spending time in such places. The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. Animation anytime, always happening, yoga, water fitness, games, foam party. The main pools are very nice, as is the water park. You can reach the water park by passing through a tunnel. The slides in the water were working. The only good thing is the water park and swimming pools. The water park was very nice, the food was adequate and delicious. Very nice water park, free sun loungers and umbrellas, kids club and great animation. As for drinks, you only have juice to choose from, and we had to mix it with water because it was so sweet and chemical. Very tasty food, a large selection - so everyone will find something for themselves - the Ultra All option gives you the opportunity to use several restaurants and bars, including those on a private beach - (accessible by hotel transport every hour) - basically 24/7 - you can also change locations - there are other types of food, very good tea, always delicious cold beer, drinks, water - you should definitely pay attention to meal serving times - if someone comes 5 minutes before the end of dinner - you can't be surprised that the food disappears in an instant and the choice is limited - however, when the food serving in one restaurant ends, the serving in the next one starts smoothly - so you can have something to eat at any time :-). Another very big plus for people traveling with children is a special water park - there is an area with a pirate ship and slides for small and slightly older children, and an area with slides for adults - so everyone will find something for themselves - Important information - the water park can be used from 9 to 17/18, but the big slides are available twice for 2 hours, then they are turned off and you cannot enter them. In addition to the Aquapark area, apart from the above, there is a bar on hand serving cold beer, water, drinks, coffee and tea - and there is also an area for baking local stuffed pies - so you can have a snack without returning to the main part of the hotel. We enjoyed facilities like the free tennis court, water slides (around short day trips), organizing our friend's birthday, there were sun loungers with cushions on the beach, the buffet was also well stocked, and the furniture in the room was good. Yorum: It's a hotel that doesn't even deserve one star, none of the staff knows where the clinic is, where the children's playground is, or the water park. When the cleaners enter the room, they just take the trash and leave, and if they enter they do not give any water or drinks. Yorum: Among the positives: nice hotel, nice rooms, many swimming pools and a large water park. It doesn't taste like any alcohol at all, let me put it this way, it's like drinking beer or cola, it has no effect, it's like empty water. This hotel is not too bad, only has coke, water, fanta and liquor, and is very crowded, unless you go for dinner. The water park is very big and beautiful. What surprised us most was that they did not put bandages on until after they entered the room, even for several hours without a bottle of water. Large and varied swimming pools. They have beautiful swimming pools where you can have a good time, but sometimes there is a sunbed problem in the pool because our staff leaves towels on the sunbeds in the pool early in the morning (even if they go to the sea themselves). The hotel is crowded, and it is far from the sea, so many people use the swimming pool, which is not convenient. There are slides and swimming pools for children, you have to pass through a long corridor. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, the swimming pool is clean, but we were not satisfied at all with the food. The highlight of the property is definitely the swimming pool. The swimming pools are very dirty. The swimming pool is nice but not enough considering the number of people in the hotel. Room cleaning is not enough, the smell of the dining hall entrance is very bad, there are few lifeguards in the aquapark section and there is no control over people swimming, you cannot swim in the pools because of dirty hair. The swimming pool and water park are a big plus, it is clean and safe, as there is a lifeguard. There were sun loungers by the sea, but they were very dirty, and there was swimming in the sea with floating plastic and other dirt. Negative point: Bad smell of sewage is felt in the room and in the swimming pool. There are large swimming pools and a beautiful water park for the kids, keeping them busy all day long. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. Swimming pools. The lifeguards were more busy on their phones than in the pool, people were swimming under their noses after landing, and I saw several times people bump into each other and/or trying to brake while descending because someone was still on the ground. There are sun loungers and a bar until 5pm but swimming in the sea... The only good thing is the water park and swimming pools. Mohammed B immediately said: I hope this helps, I will go again next year, it was a luxury hotel, but the swimming pool was very dirty, no spitting in it, no urination, food spills on the floor next to the pool, and food gets into the pool with your feet. Yorum: Among the positives: nice hotel, nice rooms, many swimming pools and a large water park. Swimming pools, slides, sports fields (I don't know for whom, because it's very warm during the summer in Türkiye). While swimming in the hotel's pool during the day, Ahmet Kaya songs were playing (I like them a lot, but whether they fit the atmosphere is debatable). The pools are great and the water is fresh and it is a shame not to use the poolside bar as there are so many possibilities and it would be a great loss not to use them. There's a small poolside bar serving French fries, pasta, tomato soup and pizza - perfectly acceptable dishes, but the service makes you want to walk out. Wine and beer are only available in the bars, but alcohol is available at the poolside bar. There is no air conditioning in the hotel or in the elevators, only in the rooms and you have to be lucky to get it to work; there is an unimaginable smell and cockroaches in the bathrooms and whoever wrote that there are no cockroaches in this hotel must have made a mistake in choosing the hotel; the entrance door to the tragedy room cannot be opened normally, you had to use force; the beach is ugly and the deckchairs and tables are so dirty that you can't put anything there; the only plus is the pool area and that is the only attraction of this hotel.

Rating for Beach: 6.2
Total number of comments for Beach: 142
All results text for Beach: There was no variety on the beach (salad cuts, potatoes, olives, etc.) if it wasn't for that. Sila at the reception was very attentive and friendly, and on the beach, Ms. The sea is 8-10 steps from the stone beach, the sandy beach is very clean, they always take care of you and there are a lot of sunbeds. The beach is rocky and not very clean. It is said that it has its own beach, the beach is full of stones, it is as if you are walking on rocks, it is not sandy, you find it difficult to walk. Across the road to the sea there is an underground passage leading directly to our beach. The beach is about 500 meters from the hotel, maybe more, the sunbeds are hidden from the sun, the descent is a bit difficult, but you can descend near the dam and enjoy the hot and great waves. There is a milkshake ride to the beach or a 7 minute walk. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. The beach can be reached in a five-minute walk. The hotel, the location, the beach, highly recommended.|| The staff, the hotel manager Fevzi Gulbeyaz were great! The beach is about 500 meters from the hotel, maybe more, the sunbeds are hidden from the sun, the descent is a bit difficult, but you can go down near the dam and enjoy the hot water, not here it has the opportunity to cool down. You can have a snack at the beach bar, but unfortunately you can't have a drink at the bar. The food is bad (if the police came, they would close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach with a tractor) it is in such a bad place. The food is bad (if the police come, they will close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach on a tractor), this is a bad place. Transport to the sea every 30 minutes but it is close to a 5 minute walk, the beach is rocky but on the right is sandy. After reaching the street in front of the beach, turn left for 100 meters at the traffic light and there is a dolmus stop for 1.5 euros to Cleopatra Beach. You can also see a tractor delivering to the beach 42. The beach is also a beautiful sandy beach. The beach is a misconception: next to the breakwater, far from the hotel, you can get there by the hotel tractor - seriously, it's very small, I wouldn't even recommend going there for families with children. Due to the quality and remoteness of the beach, we spent the whole day at the pool. Underground passage to the beach, ugly and narrow beach. Unfortunately, the beach is rocky and narrow. The sun loungers on the beach and the beach are very dirty, garbage everywhere. As for the beach and the coast, I did not like the location of the hotel, it is beautiful and the bar on the beach works very well, but the beach was not clean. We just went to the beach, enjoyed the water for 15 minutes, then got out, and spent the rest of the day enjoying the pool at the hotel. Another feature is the tractor ride from the hotel to the beach. It's a nice convenience, although the beach is only a 5 minute walk away. Eating and drinking on the beach is very limited and also on the beach there was no special organization for the Turks on the Turkish night, only the flag was hung, live music was played, even on the Turkish night foreign songs were sung during the live music. It is a 5 minute walk from the beach, and for the lazy ones there is a bus every hour. Free sun loungers, fresh snacks and soft drinks on the beach. Walking distance to the beach is a few minutes. Sun loungers and a bar are available at the hotel on the beach 68. Ridiculous, there is no food in the water, it is on the beach until 16 o'clock, then there is no food or drink, and the sea is rocky, up to a certain point. You can go to and from the beach by tractor trailer at certain hours. There is a cafeteria on the beach and it is free 🦆 The sea was less than I expected. If you're just going to the beach, don't go. The only good thing I can say about the hotel is the few waiters who did their job well and the lady standing on the beach where we went with the shuttle was trying to make everyone happy by taking care of them one by one from that, it was so bad, it's really sad that a hotel like this offers such a service. The pool was nice, the water was nice and cold, there is a bar by the pool, but we didn't like their cocktails that much, they were very bitter, but it was nice to have a lot of varieties, there are a few beach chairs, everyone puts them down at night and we can never find a beach chair. The hotel is great, but I have one request, if the beach section of the hotel had access to the sea, if it was cleaned, stoned, etc., the hotel would be very nice. Usually I never wanted to have the same hotel in any other hotel, but I want the same place in this hotel, and I hope I have the opportunity 🙏 The access to the beach is not very far, in fact it was better, we burned the food we had, there is the possibility to walk or for those who are tired, it was great, you can wait and arrive on time, you can do the transfer. Let's go to the beach, going to the beach didn't bother me. There were people who criticized it 😂 Actually, the beach is within walking distance anyway. The shower area etc on the beach is very clean, food is served for up to four people and drinks are available for up to five people. Cheeseburgers eaten at the beach have always been my favorite, that's why I love them 😂 But I can't say the same for the ocean... Going to the beach shouldn't be this painful. There is no air conditioning in the hotel or in the elevators, only in the rooms and you have to be lucky to get it to work; there is an unimaginable smell and cockroaches in the bathrooms and whoever wrote that there are no cockroaches in this hotel must have made a mistake in choosing the hotel; the entrance door to the tragedy room cannot be opened normally, you had to use force; the beach is ugly and the deckchairs and tables are so dirty that you can't put anything there; the only plus is the pool area and that is the only attraction of this hotel. Very close to the beach, about 7-10 minutes walk. But the beach... And after one day at the beach, that same evening I got a fever... The beach is clean and small, but there are enough sun loungers for everyone, and by the way, they are very soft. Beach towels are also changed. And helpfully, you could see they really tried their best, the only downside was the rocky beach but the views made up for it all, there were plenty of bars everywhere, no one went hungry. The hotel is on the coast or beach within 5 minutes walk or trailer transfer every half hour. The beach itself has medium grey sand and is very dirty. There is a beach, sun loungers and a bar not far away. Even the free public beaches are nicer than the beach here. I didn't like the beach. Very tasty food, a large selection - so everyone will find something for themselves - the Ultra All option gives you the opportunity to use several restaurants and bars, including those on a private beach - (accessible by hotel transport every hour) - basically 24/7 - you can also change locations - there are other types of food, very good tea, always delicious cold beer, drinks, water - you should definitely pay attention to meal serving times - if someone comes 5 minutes before the end of dinner - you can't be surprised that the food disappears in an instant and the choice is limited - however, when the food serving in one restaurant ends, the serving in the next one starts smoothly - so you can have something to eat at any time :-). A big plus for Poles - a local Polish-speaking travel agency is located right behind the Aquapark, next to the hotel, and heading towards the beach. We went with the office to Cleopatra Beach, took the ski lift to Alanya + sunset - it was great - a nice open bus ride + the driver's good taste in music ;-), good organization, no reservations, definitely cheaper trips than a travel agency - you can practically make two trips for the price of one through the agency. We enjoyed facilities like the free tennis court, water slides (around short day trips), organizing our friend's birthday, there were sun loungers with cushions on the beach, the buffet was also well stocked, and the furniture in the room was good. I also saw how everyone was constantly washing, it was so clean, even the man washed the beach baths, he stood on a chair and washed the bath himself. On the beach, snacks for up to 4 people, drinks for up to 5 people. Towels are issued as early as 10am, and you must wait, rather than starting your morning from the beach or pool. There is also a lady from Adana who works as a waitress in the beach bar and she knows very well how to deal with guests, she is a very polite and kind person, make her the hotel manager and she will have all the staff here on their side within a month. The beach is a bit wrong, I don't know why but they carried soil instead of sand and it's mud 🤣🤣🤣, if you want you can go a little further and everything is fine Cons. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. Yorum: Hello friends, while I was on vacation with my family for 4 nights at Senza Hotel, the beach was the warmest place. Nevin's interest in the guests on the beach. There is no problem with sunbeds and drinks on the beach and around the pool, as they are all accessible. The beach, pools and slides are okay, there is always a place to be found. In addition, we were able to take a boat trip with Momen, and had the opportunity to discover the beautiful beaches and the wonderful city of Side. -We paid about 50 thousand for 6 days, but I advise you to choose a hotel with a maximum of 30 thousand, taking this into account... The sea is 8-10 steps from the stone beach, the sandy beach is very clean, they always take care of you and there are a lot of sunbeds. It is said that it has its own beach, the beach is full of stones, it is as if you are walking on rocks, it is not sandy, you find it difficult to walk. Transport to the sea every 30 minutes but it is close to a 5 minute walk, the beach is rocky but on the right is sandy. The beach is also a beautiful sandy beach. Innocent Turker, who was deceived by saying unlimited food and drinks, went there with my wife and friends on a whim, but when you say alcohol, you need a thousand witnesses, drinks under the stairs make you blind, but I heard the name of Royal Raki for the first time, like us, there were many people who brought their drinks with them, and unfortunately we were deceived in this regard. Terrible, small, dirty, with sand that will get you dirty and rocks that can hurt you. -We paid about 50 thousand for 6 days, but I advise you to choose a hotel with a maximum of 30 thousand, taking this into account... Yorum: For 2.3 thousand PLN for a week, I did not expect miracles. The beach itself has medium grey sand and is very dirty. Dark sand spoils the whole impression. The beach is a bit wrong, I don't know why but they carried soil instead of sand and it's mud 🤣🤣🤣, if you want you can go a little further and everything is fine Cons. shore. Cleaning is also all the little things, the most important thing is the food, I was in Turkey for the first time, I have nothing to compare it to, but everyone I spoke to, whether in the hotel or at the sea, were angry that the food looks beautiful, appetizing, but when you start eating it, it is something with something. At the airport people were standing in line and were angry with the food and service, everything was paid for I didn't get wifi at the sea in the bar and there was no message at all. - The sea is very rocky and is reached every hour like a public bus. The sea is full of stones you can't enter without sea shoes and no care is taken in the toilets. The sea is 8-10 steps from the stone beach, the sandy beach is very clean, they always take care of you and there are a lot of sunbeds. They have beautiful swimming pools where you can have a good time, but sometimes there is a sunbed problem in the pool because our staff leaves towels on the sunbeds in the pool early in the morning (even if they go to the sea themselves). The hotel is not next to the sea, it is 500mm away, and you have to go with a trailer attached to a tractor. The number of sunbeds is not enough, you have to get a seat at 7 am. If you are not looking for taste you can go if you just want to eat fast food it is no problem for me but for this money I recommend you to go to boutique style hotels which are much nicer, because the size of the hotel is 1 big drawback, the food gets cold when you get to the table, it is not hot anyway, it is lukewarm, and you have to go before the Russians and get a seat We tried to laugh and have fun so as not to lose our spirits, but on the day of departure we ran away without looking back. The hotel is crowded, and it is far from the sea, so many people use the swimming pool, which is not convenient. We didn't go because the sea is far away, so I can't comment on that part. The downside is that there are not enough tables in the main restaurant and bistro, you have to wait with your plate in your hands until a table is available, then wait for it to be cleaned and cutlery brought; at the sea, the bar is open until 5pm, I would like it to be longer, because... A shuttle bus leaves to the sea every half hour. Across the road to the sea there is an underground passage leading directly to our beach. The pool is clean, but there are not enough sunbeds (annoying), there were enough in the sea 🌊, and most of the people in the pool. Food - We weren't hungry but you have to be prepared that the food is not seasoned. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. There weren't enough tables in the cafeteria, you had to fight for a seat, and the staff weren't good at cleaning. If someone is interested in seafood, for example, unfortunately I couldn't find it during my stay. The main restaurant is clearly understaffed - there aren't enough of them, which often makes it difficult to find a seat. Transport to the sea every 30 minutes but it is close to a 5 minute walk, the beach is rocky but on the right is sandy. The number of seats during meals is certainly very small compared to the number of people in the hotel, so finding a seat takes a lot of time. The sea is very cloudy and choppy. However, there are always some free places in the pool next to the water park and the hotel cable car leading to the sea, you must have water shoes because the entrance is rocky. Finally, it was commented that the sea was too far away. We couldn't go into the sea because it was too dirty. It's nice to focus on seafood every day, the a la carte restaurants are successful, and the desserts and cakes are good. Since we went during peak season, it was very crowded. The sea must be one of the most neglected and dirty properties in Antalya. There were sun loungers by the sea, but they were very dirty, and there was swimming in the sea with floating plastic and other dirt. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Ridiculous, there is no food in the water, it is on the beach until 16 o'clock, then there is no food or drink, and the sea is rocky, up to a certain point. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! -The cost of the trip was very high for Turkey during the high season, we can also compare it because we travel in different ways -The hotel has nothing to do with 5 stars, for me less than 3 -You get one card for your room so you don't leave the other one in the room and don't turn on the air conditioner when you leave. 5 minutes walk to the sea. There is a cafeteria on the beach and it is free 🦆 The sea was less than I expected. I will try to find something good in every aspect, even though it is a very forced search. There was no problem finding a seat in the canteen, there was a variety of dishes, there was also a day with sushi and huge grilled tuna steaks on a regular basis. - The sea is very rocky and is reached every hour like a public bus. The dining table was small, and we almost had to wait in line to be seated. There is a shortage of seats, it is very difficult to find a seat in the restaurant, and sometimes it is not available either. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. The hotel is great, but I have one request, if the beach section of the hotel had access to the sea, if it was cleaned, stoned, etc., the hotel would be very nice. Also the sea is very dirty and I went in twice because I was sick to my stomach. There was a lot of garbage floating in the sea... There are sun loungers and a bar until 5pm but swimming in the sea... In the next room, they caught a woman searching her bag and taking money from it!! The place was a short distance from the sea, but there was already a tractor bringing it in at certain hours. There was no problem at sea. If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". This is a holiday at sea. The rooms were clean, tidy and comfortable, with a balcony and a sea view - the air conditioning in the room works very well - access to each floor by elevator, you definitely need to buy Wi-Fi at the reception - it works well - even in the Aquapark (about 20-30E per stay for 8 days - pay attention to one device and not for the whole room - if we have 3 people or 3 devices, you should buy a separate SIM card for each of them) or buy a local SIM card or an international card with a good package in Turkey - these solutions are better and cheaper - due to the lack of roaming - the prices are astronomical - if I remember correctly, 8 PLN per minute for incoming and outgoing calls and 33 PLN or 37 PLN for 1 MB of Internet (I was not mistaken, it is 1 MB, not 1 GB). In general, it is impossible to find a free seat near the main pool. Sometimes you have to search/wait for a free seat at a table to eat something, but the wait is not long. The sea is a 10-minute walk away, there is public transport, but to get there you will have to walk another 5 minutes, the alcohol here is not of the best quality, the wine smells of alcohol, there is a choice of several cocktails. The beach is about 500 meters from the hotel, maybe more, the sunbeds are hidden from the sun, the descent is a bit difficult, but you can descend near the dam and enjoy the hot and great waves.

Rating for Transportation Options: 5.5
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 131
All results text for Transportation Options: The location is very good and the transportation is very convenient. Transport to the sea every 30 minutes but it is close to a 5 minute walk, the beach is rocky but on the right is sandy. There are only bazaars in the area, so if you want to see more you can use public transport and go to Alanya, Side and Manavgat which are about 400 meters from the hotel Alanya The facility is large, with loud music playing all the time, which didn't bother us because we had already seen the review on YouTube, so we knew what to expect, which is that there is a lifeguard at the hotel and the pool, which is not very obvious as I haven't always encountered it in more expensive hotels, and it is worth buying WiFi as it works throughout the whole hotel, and doesn't get crowded. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Very tasty food, a large selection - so everyone will find something for themselves - the Ultra All option gives you the opportunity to use several restaurants and bars, including those on a private beach - (accessible by hotel transport every hour) - basically 24/7 - you can also change locations - there are other types of food, very good tea, always delicious cold beer, drinks, water - you should definitely pay attention to meal serving times - if someone comes 5 minutes before the end of dinner - you can't be surprised that the food disappears in an instant and the choice is limited - however, when the food serving in one restaurant ends, the serving in the next one starts smoothly - so you can have something to eat at any time :-). The sea is a 10-minute walk away, there is public transport, but to get there you will have to walk another 5 minutes, the alcohol here is not of the best quality, the wine smells of alcohol, there is a choice of several cocktails. The location is very good and the transportation is very convenient. There are only bazaars in the area, so if you want to see more you can use public transport and go to Alanya, Side and Manavgat which are about 400 meters from the hotel Alanya The facility is large, with loud music playing all the time, which didn't bother us because we had already seen the review on YouTube, so we knew what to expect, which is that there is a lifeguard at the hotel and the pool, which is not very obvious as I haven't always encountered it in more expensive hotels, and it is worth buying WiFi as it works throughout the whole hotel, and doesn't get crowded. The sea is a 10-minute walk away, there is public transport, but to get there you will have to walk another 5 minutes, the alcohol here is not of the best quality, the wine smells of alcohol, there is a choice of several cocktails. At the airport people were standing in line and were angry with the food and service, everything was paid for I didn't get wifi at the sea in the bar and there was no message at all. Not only in my room but also in others - there are no cutlery on the tables, you have to look for them or ask the staff - the bartenders are punished, alcohol in all options is very weak, as are cocktails and dram - the food is terribly wasted, but this is the fault of the guests - the elevators are dirty, the carpets and sofas in the lobby need to be washed - the rooms in the water park smell terribly of garbage, there is no ceiling in the tunnel under the hotel In general, the hotel meets 5-star standards but follows the path of least resistance, all European standards are maintained (I know because I work in this industry) Independent of the hotel: very long transfer from the airport The bad thing is that the hotel does not do anything with the opinions of the guests, they just reply with a paste that they are very sorry that you have such feelings. The journey from the airport took two and a half hours. Quick: The downside is the distance from the airport (bus ride is about 1 hour and 40 minutes), and there is no ice cream in the all-inclusive option. - The sea is very rocky and is reached every hour like a public bus. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. A shuttle bus leaves to the sea every half hour. The animation is already busy at 9am every day. The bus ride is terrible. Could not find shuttle bus, due to wrong stop number then 2.5 hours round trip and 3 hours return with no air conditioning. It is a 5 minute walk from the beach, and for the lazy ones there is a bus every hour. There is a bus to Alanya on the main street 1e away. There are large swimming pools and a beautiful water park for the kids, keeping them busy all day long. The lifeguards were more busy on their phones than in the pool, people were swimming under their noses after landing, and I saw several times people bump into each other and/or trying to brake while descending because someone was still on the ground. Busy counting the money from the shirt sales, not caring about the children. - The sea is very rocky and is reached every hour like a public bus. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. We went with the office to Cleopatra Beach, took the ski lift to Alanya + sunset - it was great - a nice open bus ride + the driver's good taste in music ;-), good organization, no reservations, definitely cheaper trips than a travel agency - you can practically make two trips for the price of one through the agency. Quick: The downside is the distance from the airport (bus ride is about 1 hour and 40 minutes), and there is no ice cream in the all-inclusive option. Yorum: Everyone takes a vacation, even for a couple of days, to escape the hustle and bustle of life and the hassle of making ends meet. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, the swimming pool is clean, but we were not satisfied at all with the food. The hotel, the location, the beach, highly recommended.|| The staff, the hotel manager Fevzi Gulbeyaz were great! The food is bad (if the police came, they would close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach with a tractor) it is in such a bad place. The food is bad (if the police come, they will close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach on a tractor), this is a bad place. As for the beach and the coast, I did not like the location of the hotel, it is beautiful and the bar on the beach works very well, but the beach was not clean. The location of the hotel is nice, the aqua park is also very nice, it is a hotel where kids can have fun, that's why we chose it, but the so called disco of the hotel was only open for one night even though we had 5 people. The hotel is satisfactory in terms of location and physical facilities. If you are only interested in shopping malls, this is a good location. The hotel has a good location, but unfortunately there is no management that can definitely manage it, we chose it as a last minute decision because we couldn't find a hotel that would accept and go there. Very tasty food, a large selection - so everyone will find something for themselves - the Ultra All option gives you the opportunity to use several restaurants and bars, including those on a private beach - (accessible by hotel transport every hour) - basically 24/7 - you can also change locations - there are other types of food, very good tea, always delicious cold beer, drinks, water - you should definitely pay attention to meal serving times - if someone comes 5 minutes before the end of dinner - you can't be surprised that the food disappears in an instant and the choice is limited - however, when the food serving in one restaurant ends, the serving in the next one starts smoothly - so you can have something to eat at any time :-). Yorum: Despite all the bad comments, I didn't encounter any negative situations, the location of the hotel is very good, the food is sufficient and we stayed for a week, the staff are friendly, especially the security who greeted us at the entrance. The location is very good and the transportation is very convenient. Walking distance to the beach is a few minutes. There were people who criticized it 😂 Actually, the beach is within walking distance anyway. The place was a short distance from the sea, but there was already a tractor bringing it in at certain hours. Quick: The downside is the distance from the airport (bus ride is about 1 hour and 40 minutes), and there is no ice cream in the all-inclusive option. There are many shops and shopping malls nearby. On Sunday there is a big market nearby. The air conditioning worked flawlessly, the room was well soundproofed, and there was no outside noise from nearby hotels. Walking distance to the beach is a few minutes. There were people who criticized it 😂 Actually, the beach is within walking distance anyway. Poor air conditioning system inside the hotel, in the internal restaurants and in the dining areas. On the last day, they did not allow us to expand our room due to the large number of people checking in, but they charged us $ 10 per room so that we would not have to take off our bracelets so that we could eat watermelon for lunch before leaving, before that, they left the room at 12, but they did not take off the bracelets and did not take any money, apparently they decided to attack us in general, I want to say that apart from the area and the rooms, I did not like anything, I used to go to Adler every year, I came with a very sad feeling, I arrived yesterday very happy because I was home of course from the violation of the diet, but I can not eat anything yet, the food in front of their eyes is not tasty. Since the hotel is very complicated and there is no information, we go to the crowded area and find out what the program is. There is not even cold water in the bar area. There is no air conditioning in the common areas, the hallways and elevators are death traps, sweat was running down my forehead, then there was air conditioning in the room, which made my whole family sick after a few days. System, cafeteria, common areas. In addition to the main restaurant, there is also an area where kebabs, French fries, pizza, etc. There are only bazaars in the area, so if you want to see more you can use public transport and go to Alanya, Side and Manavgat which are about 400 meters from the hotel Alanya The facility is large, with loud music playing all the time, which didn't bother us because we had already seen the review on YouTube, so we knew what to expect, which is that there is a lifeguard at the hotel and the pool, which is not very obvious as I haven't always encountered it in more expensive hotels, and it is worth buying WiFi as it works throughout the whole hotel, and doesn't get crowded. We entered the hotel as it was the first hotel in my life that did not use air conditioning in the lobby area. Overall, I liked my stay, if I return to this area, I will gladly come back here :) 59. For such a large hotel, the dining area was inadequate, and we had a lot of trouble finding a table. The toilet area in the pool smelled very strong and was very difficult to get in with kids and was not reliable in terms of cleanliness. You can stay at the hotel with peace of mind, taking into account the accommodation prices compared to hotels in the area. There is a bar in this area serving drinks and beers. The area is quiet. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. A foot washing area is required upon entering the pool. If you want to spend some time wandering around the area, this is not the place. Plus for 16+ area, but very bad. Since the hotel is very complicated and there is no information, we go to the crowded area and find out what the program is. The shower area etc on the beach is very clean, food is served for up to four people and drinks are available for up to five people. Also, the dishes in the dining area were very scratched and I had a hard time tripping over such things again. There is no air conditioning in the hotel or in the elevators, only in the rooms and you have to be lucky to get it to work; there is an unimaginable smell and cockroaches in the bathrooms and whoever wrote that there are no cockroaches in this hotel must have made a mistake in choosing the hotel; the entrance door to the tragedy room cannot be opened normally, you had to use force; the beach is ugly and the deckchairs and tables are so dirty that you can't put anything there; the only plus is the pool area and that is the only attraction of this hotel. There are many bazaars and fairs in the area, and you can buy a lot from them. The area is well maintained! I recommend renting a car at the hotel - it is cheap, you can make unlimited trips around the area and it is much cheaper than organized trips. Only the towels taken to the spa area were very damaged. There were different animations during the day and different animations in the evening wavy and windy and because of the area, thank you for everything, Senza 👍 … 107. When you enter the hotel you are greeted and given your room card, you are told that no one is there, you are told that you can carry your luggage to the room and you are sent away, except for the indoor dining area, there is no air conditioning everywhere in the hotel the area you step on is the floor, but the areas where you rest your back including the upper areas, it looks like it hasn't been cleaned in 2 months, the room is the first family room we have stayed in, the air conditioning upstairs doesn't work, the downstairs is a room full of insects. We asked the kid for a hamburger in the dining area and asked if there was ketchup, the husband was told that there is no ketchup in the hotel to get into the sink in the dining area, the staff was talking and as we were about to enter, they said that cleaning was in progress and they did not allow it (this happened 4 times, the food is delicious, I can't say). We left the cruise ship that came to the area I went to they said putting things in the safe would be a fee. Another very big plus for people traveling with children is a special water park - there is an area with a pirate ship and slides for small and slightly older children, and an area with slides for adults - so everyone will find something for themselves - Important information - the water park can be used from 9 to 17/18, but the big slides are available twice for 2 hours, then they are turned off and you cannot enter them. In addition to the Aquapark area, apart from the above, there is a bar on hand serving cold beer, water, drinks, coffee and tea - and there is also an area for baking local stuffed pies - so you can have a snack without returning to the main part of the hotel. One suggestion is to move the open, non-stop bar to an enclosed area, such as the first floor, in the dessert space, where it can operate in a more discreet manner. There are also many clothing stores in the same area. We were taken to our room, our luggage was taken to our room, the air conditioner in the room was cooling well, there was no fly screen on the balcony, there are a lot of flies in that area, even though it is an area like this. Yorum: The place is good, the games are good and need updating and fixing some of them. Yorum: The place is nice but the food is not good and the reception staff's treatment is not good at all 4. Standing in a long line at mealtimes to get food due to the lack of barbecue places. Yorum: Great staff and a lovely place to spend a fun holiday 12. There was no trash can in the room and there was no head towel in the room placed in the room and we had to carry water to the room. However, there was no place to enter the regular pool, let alone swim, and I was annoyed by most of the people around me because the pools were crowded. The aqua park was very nice and a fun place for the kids, but the food and beverage facilities next to the aqua park could be increased a little more. When we were at a restaurant, it was sometimes difficult to find a place to eat, so you had to be patient. The cafeteria is the heart of this place. The powerful meatball will accompany you day after day until you leave this place. I think there are many better places for 3.5k. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. The tiles surrounding the pool were falling off regularly, and every day there were posts in a different place to plug the holes, which were quickly repaired. The food is bad (if the police came, they would close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach with a tractor) it is in such a bad place. The food is bad (if the police come, they will close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach on a tractor), this is a bad place. There are no quieter places to relax outside the lobby. The rooms are standard for a 4 star hotel (very small) and the extra bed is a camp bed placed under the table in the room. Yorum: There is no valet at the entrance, you can unpack your bag and find a place to park your car. It is 500 meters from the hotel and you go there by tractor trailer (you park if you can't find a place). However, there are always some free places in the pool next to the water park and the hotel cable car leading to the sea, you must have water shoes because the entrance is rocky. Unfortunately, when the meals were finished, there was no addition, especially in place of the sweet salad, and often there was not much left. If our compatriots expect a much higher level of service from a hotel of a price and performance, then there are hotels with much higher prices, they can choose only this place. There are plenty of places to eat throughout the day. 2/5 There is no place to visit in Turkler district. Yorum: Worst place I've ever been to. If you want to spend some time wandering around the area, this is not the place. The best guy in the whole crew is Youssef, the waiter who works near the pizza place, an amazing guy who makes us miss this place a lot 😊 78. Sun loungers are reserved from the morning, and when you get down to the pool it is very difficult to find a place. Probably one of the worst places I have ever been to. - The place they call the family room is a place that has one bathroom and is never isolated. It is likely that something has touched those who complain about bad reviews, or fake accounts of other hotels give bad reviews, it is definitely not a bad hotel, in fact we went to a more luxurious hotel the last 4 years, and the pizza and chicken world were delicious, it was very nice, it was a very pleasant vacation, it is impossible to get bored here, there is a lot of food, and there were places we have not tasted yet. Usually I never wanted to have the same hotel in any other hotel, but I want the same place in this hotel, and I hope I have the opportunity 🙏 The access to the beach is not very far, in fact it was better, we burned the food we had, there is the possibility to walk or for those who are tired, it was great, you can wait and arrive on time, you can do the transfer. I understand that Turks don't shop, but when you count something worth 2 euros according to the exchange rate, it's not worth that amount 😂 The water park is nice, but the moss on the stairs was there for 2 days and I didn't spend much time there because I felt very uncomfortable spending time in such places. Yorum: The place is good especially since Ekaterina is the customer service manager. The events that take place in the amphitheater in the evening are beautiful. I personally will never go to this place again 😉 92. The place was a short distance from the sea, but there was already a tractor bringing it in at certain hours. If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". Note: The only place where there is air conditioning is your room, and sometimes the dining room and rooms are not cleaned well ;) ............ Only one place is perfect and that is the meat and cubed pita you will eat in the world of chicken, it is all inclusive drinks are prepared for a fee 24 hours with brands you do not know the names of, I do not want to be misunderstood, I have been to dozens of hotels, and I think this is the hotel where the service is taken seriously. As for sun loungers - given the 5 or 6 pools and the large number of sun loungers and umbrellas - we never had a situation during our stay where there was no place to spread out. On the first day, I asked the waiter named "Esat" where I could buy a cola, and he pointed to a place like "here", but without looking at me, I asked him if fruit juices were available, and he said, "They are". Yorum: Hello friends, while I was on vacation with my family for 4 nights at Senza Hotel, the beach was the warmest place. The beach, pools and slides are okay, there is always a place to be found. We stayed for one week and loved this place!!!!!!

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 7.5
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 127
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: The cleanliness was good, our room was cleaned every day. The staff try their best when it comes to cleanliness, but it's a shame that a 5 star hotel doesn't live up to this standard, especially in terms of food. Yorum: The hotel is really great in terms of size, cleanliness and looks really good. When it comes to cleanliness in the rooms - there are buttons to press. The hotel is really great in terms of size, cleanliness and looks really good. When it comes to room cleanliness, as we mentioned earlier, there are special buttons that provide information to the cleaning ladies that this room needs cleaning. To be honest, we stayed in a 3 star hotel a year ago and it was definitely better, better food, cleanliness, rooms, free WiFi throughout the property. The cleanliness is very bad. The hotel cleanliness is very good, you will not face any problems regarding cleanliness. The toilet area in the pool smelled very strong and was very difficult to get in with kids and was not reliable in terms of cleanliness. If we look at the cleanliness of the room and the room in general, the bidet faucet was not working, and one of the kids and I got herpes in our mouth because of the cockroaches and tomboys roaming around the room, and since we were stressed, they only went to the room twice to clean up the mess and there was no cleaning or anything. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. Despite this, I really liked the cleanliness. Average rooms, average hotel cleanliness, room service is a steal! Yorum: Our experience at Senza Hotel was very good, we were very happy with everything from the cleanliness, the staff's attitude, and the interior and exterior design of the hotel. The cleanliness was impeccable, the fruit was plentiful, the pizza delicious, and we were impressed by the friendliness of the staff, especially Vivzi at the front desk. The hotel cleanliness is very good. Poor service in cleaning rooms and lack of interest in cleaning bathrooms. Poor reception by the staff, starting from the receptionists to the pool cleaners. Yorum: A disgusting hotel, no service, no cleaning, disgusting food, dirt filling every corner. The rooms are good, but you can't say they will clean them yet, and cleaning consists of taking out the trash and making the bed (although it shouldn't be done). Cleaning is also all the little things, the most important thing is the food, I was in Turkey for the first time, I have nothing to compare it to, but everyone I spoke to, whether in the hotel or at the sea, were angry that the food looks beautiful, appetizing, but when you start eating it, it is something with something. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. The sea is 8-10 steps from the stone beach, the sandy beach is very clean, they always take care of you and there are a lot of sunbeds. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. The beach is rocky and not very clean. The cleanliness was good, our room was cleaned every day. The staff try their best when it comes to cleanliness, but it's a shame that a 5 star hotel doesn't live up to this standard, especially in terms of food. The rooms are very good, of course the cleaning is not very good and the tips are not the best 🤣. The downside is that there are not enough tables in the main restaurant and bistro, you have to wait with your plate in your hands until a table is available, then wait for it to be cleaned and cutlery brought; at the sea, the bar is open until 5pm, I would like it to be longer, because... The pool is clean, but there are not enough sunbeds (annoying), there were enough in the sea 🌊, and most of the people in the pool. Yorum: The hotel is really great in terms of size, cleanliness and looks really good. When it comes to cleanliness in the rooms - there are buttons to press. Either you clean for us or you don't. Every day we had clean towels, the floor washed, the trash removed, and gel, shampoo or soap added. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, the swimming pool is clean, but we were not satisfied at all with the food. If you think about cleaning, just clean the toilet! The room was cleaned every day, paper, soap etc. were added, the hallways were dirty, it would be nice to clean them and wash the dirty carpets. We were able to change the room and it turned out that the air conditioning could work better, the room was clean, but the TV did not work. There weren't enough tables in the cafeteria, you had to fight for a seat, and the staff weren't good at cleaning. |The staff are all very nice.|The rooms are cleaned daily. || Rooms are clean, food with a large selection, variety of different restaurants, very nice facilities, everything as it should be.|| … 39. The hotel is really great in terms of size, cleanliness and looks really good. When it comes to room cleanliness, as we mentioned earlier, there are special buttons that provide information to the cleaning ladies that this room needs cleaning. After service it is clean and fragrant. If you do not use the buttons, you will not be cleaned throughout your stay. Our room was clean and nice. The shared toilets are cleaned constantly, only the toilets near the pool are dirty. Clean your heads every day just to mark it. The hotel service is hopeless (this is clearly demonstrated by the situation during one of the dinners when the waiter asked for 2 euros to clean the table). Everything would be great if it weren't for the fact that the staff couldn't clean up the floating feces in the kids' pool for three days. The pools were clean, the service was quite nice. To be honest, we stayed in a 3 star hotel a year ago and it was definitely better, better food, cleanliness, rooms, free WiFi throughout the property. The room is clean, has a large space, and has a balcony. The pool is clean and perfect with a depth of 140 cm. A great solution is buttons that we press when we want to clean the room or when we don't want to be disturbed. The rooms are cleaned every day. I advise you not to go so as not to spoil your vacation, and the rooms were not fully cleaned. Very nice lady who cleaned our room every day, the room was well equipped, plenty of space, with an extra bed for a child, a large bathroom, and a mini bar that was stocked with soft drinks once during the stay. The room was good, the air conditioning was very good and the room was clean, but even though they said we change the towels and bed sheets every 3 days, they didn't change them even though we stayed for 5 nights. As for the beach and the coast, I did not like the location of the hotel, it is beautiful and the bar on the beach works very well, but the beach was not clean. Yorum: Everything was terrible, I regretted coming there, the food was so bad, we stayed for 4 nights, I ate cheese and tomatoes in between, the rooms were not cleaned, the cupboards were full of dust, the sheets were not changed, the staff are very annoying and rude, when we sit in the bar section, when it is close to closing, the staff literally throws chairs on the table as if they are about to close. The cleanliness is very bad. The rooms are very nice and clean, in fact the hotel is very clean in general. The hotel cleanliness is very good, you will not face any problems regarding cleanliness. Room cleaning is not enough, the smell of the dining hall entrance is very bad, there are few lifeguards in the aquapark section and there is no control over people swimming, you cannot swim in the pools because of dirty hair. The swimming pool and water park are a big plus, it is clean and safe, as there is a lifeguard. The toilet area in the pool smelled very strong and was very difficult to get in with kids and was not reliable in terms of cleanliness. Of course everyone cleaned the rooms, they forgot to put the towels several times, but this is not a problem, after requesting, they immediately reported | Service … 63. Rooms are supposed to be cleaned every day. Yorum: Clean rooms and red and green room service call system (buttons next to the bed)👍🏼 Food and drink 24 hours a day: best grilled dishes, very good pizza, attractive desserts, soup available at night... In the cafeteria, the staff did not clean the tables. The room was cleaned well. Room cleaning and pool cleaning are good The hotel is very big and I think there is a shortage of staff. The rooms are not bad, my room is cleaned every day. The toilets next to the dining hall smell bad even though they are next to the dining hall and are not clean. When cleaning the room, they just change the towels in the room and leave. The only positives are the nurse and the clean water in the pool. It added a lot of color to our vacation, it's paid.🐬 The cleaning issue is not bad. It actually cleans after pressing a button - which is a nice system by the way. If we look at the cleanliness of the room and the room in general, the bidet faucet was not working, and one of the kids and I got herpes in our mouth because of the cockroaches and tomboys roaming around the room, and since we were stressed, they only went to the room twice to clean up the mess and there was no cleaning or anything. The rooms were clean and tidy, and the pools and water park were properly maintained. The cleaning staff do a good job, they make the rooms very clean, but sometimes they just know how to come off. The hotel in general is dirty, the staff is poor, room cleaning is almost non-existent. - I stayed for a week, the balcony was never cleaned, they couldn't go beyond entering the room and taking out the trash, I had to call the lobby every time and ask for it. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. The hotel is great, but I have one request, if the beach section of the hotel had access to the sea, if it was cleaned, stoned, etc., the hotel would be very nice. Yorum: Our room was very nice and clean, and the furniture was not shabby. The room was cleaned every day, but there was a very bad smell coming from the toilet at night, I think there was a problem with the plumbing or I don't know.. The shower area etc on the beach is very clean, food is served for up to four people and drinks are available for up to five people. Please clean those stones, I know it's possible. Despite this, I really liked the cleanliness. The rooms are cleaned every day. And thank you for everything, the delicious food, the clean rooms every day and the general environment! Cleaning function is good. - Overall the hotel was very clean and well maintained, the rooms were poorly cleaned, you had to ask for cleaning. You had to go and ask the waiters, and they couldn't keep up with cleaning the tables after everyone else. And no one cleans it... They clean every day, change towels, make the bed, etc. The beach is clean and small, but there are enough sun loungers for everyone, and by the way, they are very soft. Yorum: Great holiday in Senza Hostel Nice and clean rooms, cleaned and towels changed daily, toilet paper provided, beautiful view of the mountains. The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. Average rooms, average hotel cleanliness, room service is a steal! The rooms are supposed to be cleaned, there is no cleaning of the toilet, bathroom and balcony, only the bed is made. When it comes to cleaning the room, there are convenient buttons that indicate that you want to do so. The pool was clean. Yorum: Hello, we arrived at a 5 star all inclusive hotel, there is no paid ice cream in the room, we couldn't see it we entered the room first, they broke into the room and didn't even knock on the door, I asked the cleaning lady for a towel, "You didn't put it on." If I could have, I would have. Yorum: Our experience at Senza Hotel was very good, we were very happy with everything from the cleanliness, the staff's attitude, and the interior and exterior design of the hotel. Clean it every day. Note: The only place where there is air conditioning is your room, and sometimes the dining room and rooms are not cleaned well ;) ............ There was plenty of food, and they cleaned it up every day. Yorum: We are on a family vacation, our room was clean, every restaurant was tasteful, very good food. When you enter the hotel you are greeted and given your room card, you are told that no one is there, you are told that you can carry your luggage to the room and you are sent away, except for the indoor dining area, there is no air conditioning everywhere in the hotel the area you step on is the floor, but the areas where you rest your back including the upper areas, it looks like it hasn't been cleaned in 2 months, the room is the first family room we have stayed in, the air conditioning upstairs doesn't work, the downstairs is a room full of insects. We asked the kid for a hamburger in the dining area and asked if there was ketchup, the husband was told that there is no ketchup in the hotel to get into the sink in the dining area, the staff was talking and as we were about to enter, they said that cleaning was in progress and they did not allow it (this happened 4 times, the food is delicious, I can't say). The rooms were clean, tidy and comfortable, with a balcony and a sea view - the air conditioning in the room works very well - access to each floor by elevator, you definitely need to buy Wi-Fi at the reception - it works well - even in the Aquapark (about 20-30E per stay for 8 days - pay attention to one device and not for the whole room - if we have 3 people or 3 devices, you should buy a separate SIM card for each of them) or buy a local SIM card or an international card with a good package in Turkey - these solutions are better and cheaper - due to the lack of roaming - the prices are astronomical - if I remember correctly, 8 PLN per minute for incoming and outgoing calls and 33 PLN or 37 PLN for 1 MB of Internet (I was not mistaken, it is 1 MB, not 1 GB). The cleanliness was impeccable, the fruit was plentiful, the pizza delicious, and we were impressed by the friendliness of the staff, especially Vivzi at the front desk. We stayed for one week, the room cleaning is not enough, dirty towels are not taken away, if you see them in the corridor, they change them if you tell them, in short, I do not recommend it at all. We went to Senza Hotel every day, it was clean and the food was delicious and varies from person to person according to their taste. When the cleaners enter the room, they just take the trash and leave, and if they enter they do not give any water or drinks. |Rooms are fine, just indicate if you want them cleaned. I also saw how everyone was constantly washing, it was so clean, even the man washed the beach baths, he stood on a chair and washed the bath himself. The bar floor is constantly cleaned. The rooms are clean and the staff speaks broken but understandable Polish 🤣. As for cleaning, only the trash in the room is taken away and the bed is made without changing your sheets. Yorum: The rooms are very clean. The hotel cleanliness is very good.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 7.2
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 93
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): Yorum: We spent our vacation as a family of three. There is no air conditioning in the common areas, the hallways and elevators are death traps, sweat was running down my forehead, then there was air conditioning in the room, which made my whole family sick after a few days. Yorum: I stayed with my family in the hotel from July 20 to July 27 (room 2076 which is the second floor overlooking the street and the hotel front), the building has 5 floors and sometimes you have to wait for a while for the elevator to arrive, the hotel meets all my expectations. Yorum: I stayed with my family for a week. Yorum: We checked out of the hotel 2 days ago with my wife and child, first of all, I would like to say that it is a complete family hotel, in general, almost all guests are families. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Yorum: We came to the hotel as a family for 5 nights and 6 days, and it was the worst vacation we have ever had. First of all I will talk about the room the first day we went to the hotel knowing that we will go with 2 adults and 2 children it is a holiday they sold us a small room with 2 normal beds even though I said we are a family with children they brought a bed to the room later and I ignored it. - The place they call the family room is a place that has one bathroom and is never isolated. Ahmed, he did a nice gesture of converting our standard room to a family room for our first vacation, we had a nice vacation with 2 kids, they have pizza and chicken world, they are great, the pies are not bad, but I thought they were very nice, thank you 84. Thank you Senza family ❤️ 85. We are satisfied as a family. Best regards, Polish family🫡🫡 94. Yorum: We are on a family vacation, our room was clean, every restaurant was tasteful, very good food. Yorum: We stayed with my family between October 1st and 5th and were generally satisfied with the hotel. When you enter the hotel you are greeted and given your room card, you are told that no one is there, you are told that you can carry your luggage to the room and you are sent away, except for the indoor dining area, there is no air conditioning everywhere in the hotel the area you step on is the floor, but the areas where you rest your back including the upper areas, it looks like it hasn't been cleaned in 2 months, the room is the first family room we have stayed in, the air conditioning upstairs doesn't work, the downstairs is a room full of insects. I would warn all my fellow Brits with family not to simply go to their rescue unless… 113. Although their room is a family room, there is only one toilet/bathroom. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. Yorum: Hello friends, while I was on vacation with my family for 4 nights at Senza Hotel, the beach was the warmest place. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 nights. My sister had kids in the room, and no one asked. Special respect to Maria, she had a great time with the kids, with a child… 21. The animation team is not enough, same shows and music for kids every day. The aqua park was very nice and a fun place for the kids, but the food and beverage facilities next to the aqua park could be increased a little more. Well, the water park is a nice ship for kids. Good for kids, can be a base for trips to Alanya and Side - 20 minutes with dolmus. Nice pool for kids. Everything would be great if it weren't for the fact that the staff couldn't clean up the floating feces in the kids' pool for three days. We were with friends with kids 4+3. They locked the strollers with the kids and us. Kids menu :). The kids' pool slippers fell off the awning in the car for 3 days and we were told we would pick them up and deliver them to the front desk. The toilet area in the pool smelled very strong and was very difficult to get in with kids and was not reliable in terms of cleanliness. There are large swimming pools and a beautiful water park for the kids, keeping them busy all day long. The location of the hotel is nice, the aqua park is also very nice, it is a hotel where kids can have fun, that's why we chose it, but the so called disco of the hotel was only open for one night even though we had 5 people. The server was very kind to us when we arrived and when we left, we loved the incredibly friendly brother so much, us and our kids ☺️😇 I liked it, it's not a hotel you should never visit 🙏 69. I loved the kids' chicken and pizza world, but I think it should be free. The kids were bored in 3 days so the activity was very bad and I didn't see any maintenance I will go again and will not recommend it to my friends. Kids club and mini disco. If we look at the cleanliness of the room and the room in general, the bidet faucet was not working, and one of the kids and I got herpes in our mouth because of the cockroaches and tomboys roaming around the room, and since we were stressed, they only went to the room twice to clean up the mess and there was no cleaning or anything. We loved the mini club that starts at 21:00 and the kids dance. The fitness center is small and no one cares about it, it's full of kids and they don't understand when I say "you're too small". Ahmed, he did a nice gesture of converting our standard room to a family room for our first vacation, we had a nice vacation with 2 kids, they have pizza and chicken world, they are great, the pies are not bad, but I thought they were very nice, thank you 84. The kids are happy, my wife and I are happy too and we will definitely be back. There was even an aqua for the kids. Very nice water park, free sun loungers and umbrellas, kids club and great animation. |The cartoon for kids was very very good, my son was dancing, he was smiling, thank you Maria, you are the best. Yorum: Animation was excellent, nice staff, hotel is good for kids if you go as a couple, not recommended, food doesn't really have variety. As for the food, I can't say it's great, the kids didn't like it that much, but I always found something to eat, and the burgers, orzo and vegetables were delicious. My kids food was in the bottle, I told the staff and I swear he said to me, "Honey, put the food in the fridge, there are ants, they won't go away no matter what we do" I was speechless again and remained silent. Children's activities are developed, the same music and dances every evening are boring. Kids club and mini disco. Very nice water park, free sun loungers and umbrellas, kids club and great animation. There are no regular pods as a side dish, once the pods were put in, they were mixed with tomato paste, there was a smell from them when the pods spoiled, there were mashed potatoes twice, the only thing so as not to die of hunger was the delicious fried eggs on the street and fried potatoes on the side, the soup was all in the form of a puree, at first I ate them, then I doubted, today the soup was lentils, tomorrow the same red soup, it became chicken, then mushrooms for children, the ticket costs the same as an adult, but they have nothing to eat there, anything spicy there is a large number of cereals, I decided to try it, their milk is like water, tasteless, breakfasts are not, there was a lot of beer, they made alcoholic cocktails, good cocktails cost $ 5. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. The water and children's pools are beautiful. Neva was also very attentive and friendly, she took care of us and the children, and I thank each of them individually. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. In terms of nutrition: there is a lot of food, even children will not go hungry, there is enough variety. I would like to see more animation in the evening, the main focus is on children, but what about adults🫣🤣? Overall, my husband and I were very happy with our vacation and plan to return to Senza with our children. There are slides and swimming pools for children, you have to pass through a long corridor. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. Every evening there is a programme for children and adults. The beach is a misconception: next to the breakwater, far from the hotel, you can get there by the hotel tractor - seriously, it's very small, I wouldn't even recommend going there for families with children. The minibar is refilled for a fee (you can have drinks for free only once - even juices with straws for children have to be paid for). In short, the facility will be ideal for families with children and young people. We asked to change the room for 2 days and they never answered, they always move it to the next day, I think they are delaying us waiting for our day to end, we talked for 2 adults and 2 children, it would have been a big room, we paid almost 10000 TL for the second child, but there is not even a bed, there is an extra bed for him unfortunately, we were brought and thrown into a narrow room. The food is generally good, we were very pleased especially with the pizza section and the chicken world, the water park in the hotel is very nice, the friend called Mohammed is very attentive and entertains the guests well, regardless of whether they are adults or children, except for the minor shortcomings, it is an ideal hotel with value for money. In addition, the hotel has a gym with many cardio machines, atlas, barbells and dumbbells weighing up to 25 kg; aqua park and a mini club for children. Unfortunately, we got it from another hotel where there was very loud music until 11pm, which was a minus for us because we were with small children, but, for example, the people next door were sitting on the balcony and watching the shows. Children's activities are developed, the same music and dances every evening are boring. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Yorum: We stayed as two families with children for 3 nights. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. - Hopeless drinks, served in the worst quality plastic - For the first time in the all inclusive option, I faced the fact that late in the evening, when, for example, the children were hungry, there was nothing to eat in this hotel. 🦁 There are shows for children and adults at night. The room overlooks the Mermaid Hotel - the windows are probably made of paper, and the room is so noisy from the hotel that if you have children, don't forget to let them sleep normally. Busy counting the money from the shirt sales, not caring about the children. First of all I will talk about the room the first day we went to the hotel knowing that we will go with 2 adults and 2 children it is a holiday they sold us a small room with 2 normal beds even though I said we are a family with children they brought a bed to the room later and I ignored it. Entertaining young children as well as adults. For children - it is possible to draw a T-shirt for 10 euros. When it comes to children's dances... I recommend eating pizza there, very good, and probably the best alternative for children. The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. Another very big plus for people traveling with children is a special water park - there is an area with a pirate ship and slides for small and slightly older children, and an area with slides for adults - so everyone will find something for themselves - Important information - the water park can be used from 9 to 17/18, but the big slides are available twice for 2 hours, then they are turned off and you cannot enter them. Since the hotel has many families with children, we add the related noise... Yorum: It's a hotel that doesn't even deserve one star, none of the staff knows where the clinic is, where the children's playground is, or the water park. Let it cool down!!” My wife was so angry that we kept quiet because we had children. Very successful for families with children. Although the hotel has an all-inclusive concept, it seems ridiculous to sell paid food and drinks in the hotel, and the entertainment machines for children are also paid.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 6.4
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 63
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): They locked the strollers with the kids and us. Yorum: I have to say this is the worst holiday experience I have ever had, I arrived as a young mother with a 2 year old, my partner couldn't travel with his passport because it was damaged, so I was very upset and stressed and had 2 suitcases and a stroller that was having a hard time pushing… 89. Yorum: We spent our vacation as a family of three. There is no air conditioning in the common areas, the hallways and elevators are death traps, sweat was running down my forehead, then there was air conditioning in the room, which made my whole family sick after a few days. Yorum: I stayed with my family in the hotel from July 20 to July 27 (room 2076 which is the second floor overlooking the street and the hotel front), the building has 5 floors and sometimes you have to wait for a while for the elevator to arrive, the hotel meets all my expectations. Yorum: I stayed with my family for a week. Yorum: We checked out of the hotel 2 days ago with my wife and child, first of all, I would like to say that it is a complete family hotel, in general, almost all guests are families. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Yorum: We came to the hotel as a family for 5 nights and 6 days, and it was the worst vacation we have ever had. First of all I will talk about the room the first day we went to the hotel knowing that we will go with 2 adults and 2 children it is a holiday they sold us a small room with 2 normal beds even though I said we are a family with children they brought a bed to the room later and I ignored it. - The place they call the family room is a place that has one bathroom and is never isolated. Ahmed, he did a nice gesture of converting our standard room to a family room for our first vacation, we had a nice vacation with 2 kids, they have pizza and chicken world, they are great, the pies are not bad, but I thought they were very nice, thank you 84. Thank you Senza family ❤️ 85. We are satisfied as a family. Best regards, Polish family🫡🫡 94. Yorum: We are on a family vacation, our room was clean, every restaurant was tasteful, very good food. Yorum: We stayed with my family between October 1st and 5th and were generally satisfied with the hotel. When you enter the hotel you are greeted and given your room card, you are told that no one is there, you are told that you can carry your luggage to the room and you are sent away, except for the indoor dining area, there is no air conditioning everywhere in the hotel the area you step on is the floor, but the areas where you rest your back including the upper areas, it looks like it hasn't been cleaned in 2 months, the room is the first family room we have stayed in, the air conditioning upstairs doesn't work, the downstairs is a room full of insects. I would warn all my fellow Brits with family not to simply go to their rescue unless… 113. Although their room is a family room, there is only one toilet/bathroom. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. Yorum: Hello friends, while I was on vacation with my family for 4 nights at Senza Hotel, the beach was the warmest place. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 nights. I don't know whether to feel sad about the baby's mouth and face being bruised by a bug, or about the money spent, or about a whole year's worth of expectations being wasted like this... There are no regular pods as a side dish, once the pods were put in, they were mixed with tomato paste, there was a smell from them when the pods spoiled, there were mashed potatoes twice, the only thing so as not to die of hunger was the delicious fried eggs on the street and fried potatoes on the side, the soup was all in the form of a puree, at first I ate them, then I doubted, today the soup was lentils, tomorrow the same red soup, it became chicken, then mushrooms for children, the ticket costs the same as an adult, but they have nothing to eat there, anything spicy there is a large number of cereals, I decided to try it, their milk is like water, tasteless, breakfasts are not, there was a lot of beer, they made alcoholic cocktails, good cocktails cost $ 5. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. The water and children's pools are beautiful. Neva was also very attentive and friendly, she took care of us and the children, and I thank each of them individually. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. In terms of nutrition: there is a lot of food, even children will not go hungry, there is enough variety. I would like to see more animation in the evening, the main focus is on children, but what about adults🫣🤣? Overall, my husband and I were very happy with our vacation and plan to return to Senza with our children. There are slides and swimming pools for children, you have to pass through a long corridor. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. Every evening there is a programme for children and adults. The beach is a misconception: next to the breakwater, far from the hotel, you can get there by the hotel tractor - seriously, it's very small, I wouldn't even recommend going there for families with children. The minibar is refilled for a fee (you can have drinks for free only once - even juices with straws for children have to be paid for). In short, the facility will be ideal for families with children and young people. We asked to change the room for 2 days and they never answered, they always move it to the next day, I think they are delaying us waiting for our day to end, we talked for 2 adults and 2 children, it would have been a big room, we paid almost 10000 TL for the second child, but there is not even a bed, there is an extra bed for him unfortunately, we were brought and thrown into a narrow room. The food is generally good, we were very pleased especially with the pizza section and the chicken world, the water park in the hotel is very nice, the friend called Mohammed is very attentive and entertains the guests well, regardless of whether they are adults or children, except for the minor shortcomings, it is an ideal hotel with value for money. In addition, the hotel has a gym with many cardio machines, atlas, barbells and dumbbells weighing up to 25 kg; aqua park and a mini club for children. Unfortunately, we got it from another hotel where there was very loud music until 11pm, which was a minus for us because we were with small children, but, for example, the people next door were sitting on the balcony and watching the shows. Children's activities are developed, the same music and dances every evening are boring. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Yorum: We stayed as two families with children for 3 nights. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. - Hopeless drinks, served in the worst quality plastic - For the first time in the all inclusive option, I faced the fact that late in the evening, when, for example, the children were hungry, there was nothing to eat in this hotel. 🦁 There are shows for children and adults at night. The room overlooks the Mermaid Hotel - the windows are probably made of paper, and the room is so noisy from the hotel that if you have children, don't forget to let them sleep normally. Busy counting the money from the shirt sales, not caring about the children. First of all I will talk about the room the first day we went to the hotel knowing that we will go with 2 adults and 2 children it is a holiday they sold us a small room with 2 normal beds even though I said we are a family with children they brought a bed to the room later and I ignored it. Entertaining young children as well as adults. For children - it is possible to draw a T-shirt for 10 euros. When it comes to children's dances... I recommend eating pizza there, very good, and probably the best alternative for children. The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. Another very big plus for people traveling with children is a special water park - there is an area with a pirate ship and slides for small and slightly older children, and an area with slides for adults - so everyone will find something for themselves - Important information - the water park can be used from 9 to 17/18, but the big slides are available twice for 2 hours, then they are turned off and you cannot enter them. Since the hotel has many families with children, we add the related noise... Yorum: It's a hotel that doesn't even deserve one star, none of the staff knows where the clinic is, where the children's playground is, or the water park. Let it cool down!!” My wife was so angry that we kept quiet because we had children. Very successful for families with children. Although the hotel has an all-inclusive concept, it seems ridiculous to sell paid food and drinks in the hotel, and the entertainment machines for children are also paid.

Rating for Party Experience: 6.3
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 24
All results text for Party Experience: Animation is non-existent, and we are constantly asked by the pool if we want to go to a nightclub or a foam party by paying money. Even in much cheaper hotels it is free, there is no proper animation, there are always events outside the hotel (such as a foam party, disco, etc.) they invite you there, of course paid, they say that you will be bored here today, there will be no events. There was a foam party and an inflatable slide in the pool. Animation anytime, always happening, yoga, water fitness, games, foam party. The animation team is not enough, same shows and music for kids every day. Music is played by the pool during the day, so it's never boring. There are only bazaars in the area, so if you want to see more you can use public transport and go to Alanya, Side and Manavgat which are about 400 meters from the hotel Alanya The facility is large, with loud music playing all the time, which didn't bother us because we had already seen the review on YouTube, so we knew what to expect, which is that there is a lifeguard at the hotel and the pool, which is not very obvious as I haven't always encountered it in more expensive hotels, and it is worth buying WiFi as it works throughout the whole hotel, and doesn't get crowded. Eating and drinking on the beach is very limited and also on the beach there was no special organization for the Turks on the Turkish night, only the flag was hung, live music was played, even on the Turkish night foreign songs were sung during the live music. Live music under the windows until midnight, just on the day of your trip, when you wake up at 1am😴 Overall, the hotel met our expectations, as we were there in May 2024. Unfortunately, we got it from another hotel where there was very loud music until 11pm, which was a minus for us because we were with small children, but, for example, the people next door were sitting on the balcony and watching the shows. Children's activities are developed, the same music and dances every evening are boring. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! The music in the mini disco is definitely too loud. Although we have a lot of foreign music in Türkiye. If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". We went with the office to Cleopatra Beach, took the ski lift to Alanya + sunset - it was great - a nice open bus ride + the driver's good taste in music ;-), good organization, no reservations, definitely cheaper trips than a travel agency - you can practically make two trips for the price of one through the agency. Cons: Lots of Muscovites, Russian music, Russian animators. Under our balcony, music from another hotel was constantly playing, making it difficult to rest peacefully in the room. Evening shows were presented by DJs and animators who already worked there. The disco closes at 01:00, so it's DJ not DJ. While eating, dancing or sitting, you may suddenly be left in the dark because once the hour is up, the lights are turned off as if you were fired. If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". |The cartoon for kids was very very good, my son was dancing, he was smiling, thank you Maria, you are the best. The entertainment team were very good and friendly and brought a positive vibe to the hotel and provided fun activities throughout the day and night.

Rating for Special Menu: 7.9
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 13
All results text for Special Menu: There is also no variety in meals.... Repeating meals for several days and returning leftover meals from days ago. The food is okay, but there are very good meals on Turkish night, and it is impossible to stay hungry when visiting Chicken World Pizza. Unfortunately, during meals, the sewer smell was so strong that it made eating disgusting. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. The number of seats during meals is certainly very small compared to the number of people in the hotel, so finding a seat takes a lot of time. Nice and helpful staff, bartenders are great 😊 Very large selection of food, everyone will find something for themselves, snacks are served between main meals: pizza, hamburgers, pasta. Meals are served by waiters at tables, you don't have to queue, fresh, prepared regularly, good food, and a large selection of unlimited bottled water is available. Unfortunately, when the meals were finished, there was no addition, especially in place of the sweet salad, and often there was not much left. It was the same meals, the same desserts for 7 days, nothing was different. When it comes to main meals, such as grilled or barbecued meats or fish, there are usually 3 courses to choose from for lunch or dinner. There is definitely something to be had from the meals. The meals were rich and varied, offering a wide range of delicious dishes.

Rating for Night Entertainment Program: 6.6
Total number of comments for Night Entertainment Program: 7
All results text for Night Entertainment Program: Evening shows were presented by DJs and animators who already worked there. The animators do their best and there is something to do all day long, and the evening shows at the amphitheater are great too. Eating and drinking on the beach is very limited and also on the beach there was no special organization for the Turks on the Turkish night, only the flag was hung, live music was played, even on the Turkish night foreign songs were sung during the live music. Live music under the windows until midnight, just on the day of your trip, when you wake up at 1am😴 Overall, the hotel met our expectations, as we were there in May 2024. While eating, dancing or sitting, you may suddenly be left in the dark because once the hour is up, the lights are turned off as if you were fired. If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". |The cartoon for kids was very very good, my son was dancing, he was smiling, thank you Maria, you are the best.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 0.5
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 7
All results text for Spa and Wellness: Only the towels taken to the spa area were very damaged. We did not use the baths, sauna and spa. The bar workers' treatment was bad. Yorum: The place is nice but the food is not good and the reception staff's treatment is not good at all 4. Yorum: The treatment is very bad and the service is also bad. They pose a serious threat to life and health, every time the elevator doors close as we enter. Eating this food is very unhealthy and unpleasant.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 7.0
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 5
All results text for Sports Facilities: The fitness center is small and no one cares about it, it's full of kids and they don't understand when I say "you're too small". Animation anytime, always happening, yoga, water fitness, games, foam party. In addition, the hotel has a gym with many cardio machines, atlas, barbells and dumbbells weighing up to 25 kg; aqua park and a mini club for children. The gym, if you can call it that, is old, unmaintained and poor. We enjoyed facilities like the free tennis court, water slides (around short day trips), organizing our friend's birthday, there were sun loungers with cushions on the beach, the buffet was also well stocked, and the furniture in the room was good.

Rating for Honeymoon: 5.7
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 3
All results text for Honeymoon: Yorum: We have provided accommodation in honeymoon concept between 09.09.2024-12.09.2024. Yorum: First, we went as a couple for our honeymoon and there was no preparation in the room, we literally had to prepare the room. Very tasty food, a large selection - so everyone will find something for themselves - the Ultra All option gives you the opportunity to use several restaurants and bars, including those on a private beach - (accessible by hotel transport every hour) - basically 24/7 - you can also change locations - there are other types of food, very good tea, always delicious cold beer, drinks, water - you should definitely pay attention to meal serving times - if someone comes 5 minutes before the end of dinner - you can't be surprised that the food disappears in an instant and the choice is limited - however, when the food serving in one restaurant ends, the serving in the next one starts smoothly - so you can have something to eat at any time :-).

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2.6
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 2
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Actually, I don't know why cards are issued when you can enter the room by just pressing the door handle - the room is okay in size but dirty and the bedding is dirty and made of an unknown material. Let's start with the room, which wasn't bad per se, but the dirty mattresses were a bit annoying.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 3.6
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 1
All results text for Pet-Friendly: The cafeteria smells so bad that even if the food is good, there is no appetite for the drinks, it is the kind that would kill dogs.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 5.8
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: Overall, you get what you pay for, but I would suggest ignoring the negative reviews as it is a friendly, comfortable hotel that is perfect for couples and families of all ages.

Rating for Children's Pool Area: 10.0
Total number of comments for Children's Pool Area: 1
All results text for Children's Pool Area: The water and children's pools are beautiful.

