Hotel Name: Senza Garden Holiday Club Hotel

Categories with comments: ['Water Slides', 'Service Quality', 'Hygienic Holiday', 'Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years)', 'Family Holiday (2-10 years)', 'Pet-Friendly', 'Diving', 'Party Experience', 'Beach', 'Comfortable Sleep Experience', 'Sports Facilities', 'Night Entertainment Program', 'Adults-Only Holiday', 'Transportation Options', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Honeymoon', 'Special Menu']

Rating for Beach: 7.5
Total number of comments for Beach: 278
All results text for Beach: It is well located, the landscape, the beach, everything was magnificent, we liked walking, it was pleasant. Regarding the customer service, I am very disappointed that there is a preference for Russian customers, the bistro kitchen which serves pizzas at the beach level left us waiting for almost 1h30 without serving us anything to let the orders of Russian customers who came after us go through!!! Improved bus service, to connect rooms, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. Ayşe greeted us with a smiling face, checked us in in a short time, gave us 2 beach towel cards, gave us a very nice room and sent us to lunch. The hotel has 2 large swimming pools, but the most beautiful one is on the beach. I would like to thank all the employees working at the beach for their smiling faces and services. Note: The location of the dining room is AMAZING The sea beach is AMAZING The employees are all friendly and try to help. Walking to the beach can be tiring only for very old people. It is 200 steps from the cafeteria to the beach, although vehicles come and go from the beach every half hour. The beach bar offered the same limited selection of drinks, but the toilets were even worse, with ceilings covered in mold. Friends who complain about the walk up from the beach, it would be more fair if you also told us about the shuttles that take you from the beach to your room. The beach is a bit gravelly but still a nice place. The large swimming pool and beach are all within walking distance. So dear to all employees and to Kadir Abiye on the beach. There is no respect or understanding when buying food and taking the shuttle to the beach. You can only get to the beach by shuttle. The burgers and pizzas next to the beach are very good as well as the fries. To get from the beach to the pool, you have to climb a hill for 10 minutes. You can travel by minibus, route: reception - SPA Center - beach (according to timetables). There are 3 bistro bars (fast food) on the beach (menu: pizza, salad, pasta and burger with fries, drinks); by the pools (drinks, gozleme flatbreads, etc.) I was surprised by the availability of a night breakfast (from 2:00 p.m. Beach The beach was relatively clean, with sand and a good sunset. It has a mixed beach of pebbles and sand. There is a beach bar by the sea, but only beer and cola varieties are available. Large complex with two swimming pools and a private beach. Hotel advantages: Private beach Food at the beach bar - even good (Burger, fries, pizza). A bus transporting people from the hotel to the beach and vice versa. Cigarettes - smoking is not allowed in public places in Turkey, but smoking is allowed everywhere: in restaurants, on deck chairs by the pool, on the beach. When we started our holiday, we encountered a very nice atmosphere, the welcome was nice, we settled into our room, we went to the sea, we ate burgers and pizzas on the beach, they were really nice as written here. It takes 10-15 minutes walk from the main building to the beach (hill and stairs). The rooms and houses closer to the beach are nicer. The beach towels are very old and stained. About 200 steps from the beach. You can go to the beach and back by bus, but you don't have to stick to the schedule. As for the advantages: - the location of the hotel; on a hill, beautiful view of the sea, private beach but very small. - unpleasant smells in some places of the hotel, probably because the waste was stored right in the center of the hotel - paid WiFi, paid popcorn, paid corn on the beach, paid fresh fruit juice. - clean beach, but small, neglected, old and dirty sun loungers. Also, when we arrived at the hotel, we went to the beach of the neighboring hotel because we did not understand the places belonging to the hotel. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. Anyway, look, in the comments, people who can't put two words together are trying to steer you, your opportunities may be limited, you may want to choose this hotel for its price and performance, believe me, this is not such a place, you may have a heart spasm walking to your room on the beach, this is the first time we choose a hotel where we are the victim of comments, this happened to us He came for the first time, we will not come. The hotel rating is 1 in my opinion, 2 for the efforts of the employees, the view is good, the social areas are extremely poor compared to this view, the very old rooms smell of damp, hot and cold water is a constant problem, you use the sink with disgust, every day in the hotel somewhere is broken, even the showers are a joke, the last time they suffered a tornado was at the beach. *there is no full drink service on the beach, you have to walk uphill (10 minutes uphill) *Full drink service is only available at the pool bar (10 minutes uphill when swimming in the sea) What is good about this hotel? The pizza at Beach Bar is good; Kadir Chef and Mahsun Bey are excellent, kind and hardworking people. (What happened to me the day I entered the hotel) Since he didn't say "Can I have pizza" and I politely asked for pizza in Turkish, I told my 10 and 9 year old children at the beach bar service in the evening that "M…. Walking down to the beach from the hillside sea view rooms, waiting for the safari bus that runs every half hour, going up and down the stairs or the adjacent hill may be difficult for some, but it was not a problem for me. Access to the beach is via stairs, which can be inconvenient for many people. The sand is beautiful, the beach is very beautiful, there are vehicles for those who have them. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. The beach is divided into two parts, namely the left part for Senza Garden and the right part for another hotel which is located in front of the beach. The beach is literally very neglected. They survived :) The area is beautiful, although the location is not for the young and hardy as walking to the restaurant from the beach is about 200 steps in full sun. We skipped dinners as the beach bar had good pizza, spaghetti, salads and dinners were not our strong point. It's not about fitness, but about the challenge of walking along them to the beach and back (photo 7}. The beach line is small. After 6pm there is no more sun on the beach, it sets behind the mountain. Half of the beach is occupied by another hotel, so the Senza deckchairs are side by side (photo 8). The sea is very beautiful and the beach is not disturbed by sand and small pebbles. You also have to climb stairs to access the beach. The beach is indeed not perfect in terms of cleanliness. It was really nice with its water park, its lively main pool, its beach and its sea... To get to the beach, you also have to climb stairs which, at almost 40 degrees Celsius (in August), make you sweat. walk a little uphill, whether from the beach or from the restaurant.... bars and restaurants by the pools and on the beach... the weakest point of this hotel because for us it is a beach... The sea and its own beach were very beautiful, sandy, without waves and it does not go down immediately, we went into the sea at night because there was night lighting, it was very nice. The food at the beach bar was disgusting, the …65. people staying at the hotel were Russians and Poles, don't expect red meat in the meals, there is only turkey, we would have been hungry without the pizza, burgers on the beach and chicken doner in the aqua pool. The best thing was the beach, even though it is a small stone beach, the water is warm and clear, For me it was an experience, the weather was great but I will not recommend this place and I do not want to go back 75. There is a shuttle service from the front of the motel to the beach and event spaces every 30 minutes. Every day was a day of survival, plus no one warned us that during our stay there would be RENOVATIONS right next to the beach - we only went to the beach once because the noise was unbearable. Those who want to go to the pool, the beach or the amphitheater can do so if they have a car, otherwise they will not want to leave their room. The hotel staff is very nice, polite, all the waiters, especially at the beach bar, work very well. Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. But I can definitely say that about all the service staff, whether at the bar, restaurant, beach, etc. The sandy beach is a big plus, the water is clean. Yorum: We spent our holidays in July with our family, the location of the hotel is actually on a cliff, the views are very beautiful, the land is very large and it is suitable for those who like to walk a lot, because to get to the beach and back you have to go up and down. The beach and the pizzas on the beach are wonderful. The beach is dirty. After lunch the sea on the beach is very dirty. The bistro on the beach is great. Delicious pizza at a beach bar. The stairs to the hotel beach were awesome and require some basic fitness. To be honest, I have to say that there is a shuttle from the beach to any place in the hotel. broken beach loungers, partially broken chairs and furniture. The location was pretty, very steep and difficult to walk up to your room, especially after a Polish vodka, your room could be 1.5 km from the beach and you will be losing weight by the time you get home, very uncomfortable. There is a bus every 30 minutes (so imagine how far the beach is), and we found out that they only pick you up if you can promise to tip the driver, which is another reason why I will be leaving Turkey and visiting our beautiful Europe instead, where the hospitality here is far better than anything I have seen in Turkey so far, it almost seems fake, I can't explain it but you will know if you want to see this resort. You have unlimited drinks by the pool, the beach is only a 2/3 minute walk from the main area. There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. The pools and beach were nice but could have been cleaner and better maintained. The sun is great, the sea is superb, with a sunset on the sand, there is a great bar on the beach! The resort is located on hills so difficult and tiring even to go to the restaurant, beach or reception. I recommend the Seaphoria Beach Hotel! The hotel has a private beach. I definitely wouldn't give the room 5 stars, although the view and location right next to the beach were wonderful. The rooms are very far from the beach. The next day I admired the superb view of the sea and the beach. We were mainly at the water park in the morning and at the beach in the afternoon and evening. The deckchairs on the beach are also getting old. Overall, the facilities on the beach give a dilapidated impression. But the beach had everything for my daughter. I have something to eat and drink right on the beach. There are a few shops right on the beach, but only for essentials. The deck chairs on the beach are old and disgusting. The hotel's beach dining area is located far from each other. The beach is not cleaned. The food is good and varied, the beach is clean, there is entertainment! On the beach, the pizzas and hamburgers are very successful. On the beach in the sand! In the beachside bathroom, water leaks from the ceiling, causing a musty smell. The beach up to the restaurant is low. The snacks on the beach were very delicious. Kadir at the beach were always very polite. On the plus side, there is a beach bar and a view from the restaurant. The downsides were the cleanliness of the beer bar and the cleanliness of the beach. There was an employee at the beach who usually emptied the trash cans and arranged the deck chairs. ***We especially liked the pizzas and burgers on the beach. If you go to the beach at most twice a day, I don't think it will do you any harm. The beach was like building sand, there was sand under the pool, they came in as if they were coming from the sea, cleaning it. We had a room in the middle, close to the canteen and close to the beach. The pizza, salad, pasta at the beach bistro were very good, the burger was average, not so good. The location is very good, but the distance to the beach and the stairs are tiring. This is a 215 step hike down to the beach and another 215 steps back up! From the room to the beach and back 2.5 km. On the positive side, the territory is beautiful and large, the beach for children is great, the sea is clean and warm, there are enough sun loungers, the Internet on the beach is well caught. The beach towels are horrible, dirty and torn. Yorum: Really horrible service, all inclusive, 2 nights and 3 days, the room is limited, you have to go through tracks and ramps to get from the room to the beach, enjoy this natural beauty, the food and drinks are horrible, plastic cups, this can not be described, it can be experienced, I am in favor of you not doing it. The beach is beautiful, but the restaurants and food are of a very low standard. But it's not bad at the pool or beach when it's hot, flatbread pizza is my favorite. Yorum: Lovely staff, beach and food. Beach 20 meters away - work continues. The beach bar serves pizza, burgers and pasta. The only nice thing about this place was Sunshine Beach and the food was ok. on the sand and breakwater side. We had to get our own towels from the spa, which were thin, worn and felt like sandpaper. Beach The beach was relatively clean, with sand and a good sunset. It has a mixed beach of pebbles and sand. Everything has been thought of in this holiday village built on hundreds of thousands of square metres. The sand is beautiful, the beach is very beautiful, there are vehicles for those who have them. The sea is very beautiful and the beach is not disturbed by sand and small pebbles. The sea and its own beach were very beautiful, sandy, without waves and it does not go down immediately, we went into the sea at night because there was night lighting, it was very nice. woe to you if you have to walk from point to point because there is no flat space in the hotel 🤤 there is still a lot to write but for now these comments are enough, I read most of them before leaving but I thought how bad it could be after all, it is a hotel worth its price of course but I did not expect so much, after all, as a family of 4 we paid thirty thousand TL for 5 nights, we are tourists! The sandy beach is a big plus, the water is clean. The sea is beautiful, clean and sandy. There is sand at the bottom of the pool, those who came from the sea jumped straight into it. The sun is great, the sea is superb, with a sunset on the sand, there is a great bar on the beach! She knew how to scuba dive and build sandcastles. On the beach in the sand! The beach was like building sand, there was sand under the pool, they came in as if they were coming from the sea, cleaning it. Not sand. Yorum: Very good hotel, the sea, the swimming pool and the rooms are very far away, which is a shame, otherwise the entertainment is great! You had to walk a long way to get to the sea and the swimming pool! The sea is like a specially designed swimming pool, it is beautifully clean and there are no waves thanks to the mountain. Note: The location of the dining room is AMAZING The sea beach is AMAZING The employees are all friendly and try to help. from the sea. We spent most of our time by the sea, but you have to get there at dawn to get an old deckchair for the day. A magnificent view, magnificent nature, a magnificent sea. The balcony overlooked another hotel and partly the sea, there were a few chairs and a table, as well as a very handy clothes horse. BUT a lot of garbage floated in the sea for 2 days in a row (we found a syringe, a tampon, a toothbrush and much more - a very unpleasant sight) After this situation, they pretended to clean the sea, but the remains of garbage sometimes arrived in the evening. I would also like to point out that before the start of the summer season (i.e. until June 1) there were no lifeguards or buoys (as if people did not drown and end up in the open sea until summer). I thought the sea was beautiful. I think the warmth and cleanliness of the sea is pleasant. You can use a long staircase or a shuttle service to reach the sea from the hotel. There is no activity at sea. There is a beach bar by the sea, but only beer and cola varieties are available. We had a large room with a sea view, the hotel has many rooms of this type. The main restaurant also overlooks the sea. When we started our holiday, we encountered a very nice atmosphere, the welcome was nice, we settled into our room, we went to the sea, we ate burgers and pizzas on the beach, they were really nice as written here. The sea is very clean. The water in the pool is colder than the sea, but it doesn't matter. Yorum: The hotel is located in a beautiful location, on a hill, right by the sea. We had a beautiful sea view from the room. A beautiful sea view from the restaurant. As for the advantages: - the location of the hotel; on a hill, beautiful view of the sea, private beach but very small. The seating areas are very bad, you have to sit at the tables and chairs where you eat, a pleasant conversation in the evening is imaginary. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. *Location; The location is very nice and we liked the sea. *there is no full drink service on the beach, you have to walk uphill (10 minutes uphill) *Full drink service is only available at the pool bar (10 minutes uphill when swimming in the sea) What is good about this hotel? The weather is nice, the sea is beautiful. The mountain, the sea and the forest give peace. Especially the seafood restaurant is very good. If you don't mind walking up and down to the sea in the rooms that are located sea side but on the slopes, a magnificent view under your feet can refresh your soul. Walking down to the beach from the hillside sea view rooms, waiting for the safari bus that runs every half hour, going up and down the stairs or the adjacent hill may be difficult for some, but it was not a problem for me. An endless view of the sea embraces you. You find yourself alone with a view of nature and the sea that you will not be able to get enough of from the balcony of your room. A deep blue sea, like a magnificent sheet, smiles in your face. There is more, but we only spent time in the immediate vicinity of our room and by the sea in the beautiful bay. It is a considerable distance to reach the sea, and this distance is not a problem going downhill, but coming back from the sea the ring does not normally come every 30 minutes, but we waited. As for the sea, I don't prefer it much because I have allergies, but I can say that my family doesn't go to the sea. problems going to the sea because some rooms are far away, I think it is an ideal holiday hotel, but one drawback is that if you go to buy drinks from the bartenders and if you are a woman you must have Instagram, the bartenders are good, I have no words, please do your job. zero activity the location is good the sea is beautiful bad rooms the service is not even bad it's horrible. The seaside snack bar serves at the table, leaving a little time to relax. the room itself, it was clean and cleaned everyday, we could live there, we had a balcony with sea view, so ok if anyone expected luxury here they came to the wrong hotel. The grilled food was tasty, the canteen overlooked the sea, so it was a pleasure to eat, there was always white or red wine or coffee, juices and drinks, there was a great selection of cakes and other sweets, fruits, watermelons, delicious sweet melons, oranges, cherries and apples. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. - Location of the hotel: Not close to the sea. They come and pick you up with a tractor and take you to the sea. If your kids get wind of it, you'll be flying between the sea and the pool, it'll be annoying :) it's a shame they turn it off. The rooms were always beautifully decorated and we had a wonderful sea view from the balcony. The sea is very beautiful and the beach is not disturbed by sand and small pebbles. It was really nice with its water park, its lively main pool, its beach and its sea... They invent diseases just to come and get a massage. with a balcony and a beautiful sea view... a restaurant with a magnificent view, right by the sea.... Our room was very close to the pool and dining area and halfway to the sea. The food is average in variety and taste, but the location of the restaurant is beautiful, the sea is right under your feet. The sea and its own beach were very beautiful, sandy, without waves and it does not go down immediately, we went into the sea at night because there was night lighting, it was very nice. The sea is crowded and dirty. Thanks to our tour operator and receptionist Bey, after a few days we were transferred to a better room and closer to the sea without additional payment, even if they changed us for 100-150 €😢. I highly do not recommend it and give it 2 out of 10 for the beautiful sea view and the delicious pizzas at the bar (even if you could eat normally during the day). The pool is clean, the sea is beautiful, close to the rooms, non-swimmers have a little trouble entering from the edge. the sea is further away. Seasonal fruits arrive fresh, watermelon, cherry, orange, melon, apple... Moreover, you get very tired even going from your room to the swimming pool, to dinner, to the sea, everywhere is far from the stairs and the slopes. Yorum: We rested at the hotel in early May 2024, we were lucky with the weather, the sea was quite warm, we swam from May 2nd! Yorum: The location of the hotel, the sea view is very good. You can walk to the sea and up and down the stairs, and there is also a shuttle/ring service. Since the main restaurant is located on a slope, right by the sea, there were crazy competitions between people who would be the first to reach the tables located right next to the railing after opening the restaurant door at a certain time. It was peaceful in a natural environment with a magnificent sea view, trees and flowers. The restaurant was like a piece of paradise, on the cliff, with the possibility of looking at the sea from above. There are hills and descents, but the distance to the sea is not long. The sea is beautiful, clean and sandy. The problem is that you have to pay more for a room a little closer to the sea. After lunch the sea on the beach is very dirty. You won't want to go down from the sea to the water park until long after the pool. There are stairs to go down to the sea. If you are a sedentary person and do not like to move, then you should ask for a room right next to the sea, otherwise you will have to go up and down the stairs for a very, very long time. Unfortunately the security of the hotel (when we were on holiday between 12:00 and 18:00) was very weak, there were no lifeguards in the pools, there was one at the seaside and that's it. But this happened quite irregularly and you had to fight to get a seat or a standing place. As soon as you arrived, the "extortions" began at the reception, "if you buy Wi-Fi, we will move you to rooms by the sea, if you don't buy it, you will go and live in the birds of the mountain" ... as a non-confrontational but principled person, I did not buy it, I was seated last and in the highest rooms. You have to walk to get to the sea. The rooms are in other places which are crazy, you have to go a long way to swim in the sea. In the canteen there is a constant search for cutlery and all drinks are served in plastic cups, at the swimming pool it is still understandable, but breakfast, lunch and dinner are a bit excessive. Walking along the stairs is helpful) The restaurant is just above the sea. I recommend eating pizza by the sea instead of at the main restaurant, or going for a waffle by the main pool. The seaside is beautiful, like a private bay. Be prepared to walk between your room and the seaside etc. You can only get a table by the sea if you tip. Long distance between the rooms and the sea and the swimming pool. There is sand at the bottom of the pool, those who came from the sea jumped straight into it. The sea before leaving was very dirty for 2 days (plastic, paper). The sun is great, the sea is superb, with a sunset on the sand, there is a great bar on the beach! I recommend the Seaphoria Beach Hotel! Close to the sea. The next day I admired the superb view of the sea and the beach. Just as some had already described it during their recession as a village or a seaside resort. The hotel next door is much nicer with its jetty into the sea and its bar at the top with rattan chairs and loungers. Overall we were happy with the sea and the pools. Finally, the food on the menu and at the sea bar is particularly excellent. Yorum: They deceive you under the name of zero sea, you descend to the sea by a million steps. Apart from that, it's not bad, the nature is beautiful, the sea is beautiful. Yorum: Hello, I think the hotel is a perfect relaxing hotel in terms of value for money and average age, the pool, sea and location are great, the food is nice, the staff is friendly, especially the animation, many thanks to Mr. There is a very beautiful sea. The hotel is located on the rocks as if they were all thrown from the sky, there is a lot to go up and down to the sea when arriving, it takes 2 days to find everything in the complex!!! WI FI calculated per second for very expensive money In the restaurant, when you go to the Formula 1 race, especially at dinner, sit next to the sea view NON STOP, you have to tip them, they are very dirty, messy I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HOTEL THE REALITY IS DIFFERENT THAN IN THE PHOTOS !!! It is a great advantage that the sea has a perfect breakwater... and go down 161 steps to the sea, the rooms were horrible, the bathrooms were horrible, there was a hotel below, there was always activity, music and entertainment every day. Going to the sea is just a dream. 450m climb from the sea to our room, with about 190 steps. Yorum: Staff: Friendly and helpful Lobby staff: Troubleshoots and is willing to help Plates: If you search, you will find clean plates. Sea: When it is wavy it gets really dirty, but if the weather is nice the sea is flat, clean and at the perfect temperature. There are not many people swimming in the sea, so we feel comfortable. You can also admire the view of nature and the sea, very pleasant when going down the slopes. The treats in both the sea and aqua were extremely delicious. sea, but if you live near the reception at least 10 minutes to go to the sea, get well soon. The pizza and hamburger by the sea were very good and the service was fast, the a la carte waiters were luxurious, indifferent. The beach was like building sand, there was sand under the pool, they came in as if they were coming from the sea, cleaning it. Yorum: Don't choose it, you will regret it, everyone who came regretted it, the food was bad, the service was bad, we didn't have the strength in our legs to climb the stairs, everyone was trying to cancel, it's close to the sea, but you have to go up and down more than 100 steps to get down to the sea. On the positive side, the territory is beautiful and large, the beach for children is great, the sea is clean and warm, there are enough sun loungers, the Internet on the beach is well caught. It is located on a very large plot, right on the seafront, but the sea is at least 500 meters from most rooms. They would probably kill you for a seat in a restaurant with a sea view. We moved for $100 to a room with a sea view - life has become better. The sea was also very limited. The pool and the sea are beautiful. Unfortunately, even 1 star is too much for everything except the pool and the sea. The sea is like a specially designed swimming pool, it is beautifully clean and there are no waves thanks to the mountain. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. The sea and its own beach were very beautiful, sandy, without waves and it does not go down immediately, we went into the sea at night because there was night lighting, it was very nice.

Rating for Service Quality: 7.4
Total number of comments for Service Quality: 247
All results text for Service Quality: The staff were very hardworking and friendly, which was one of the few redeeming aspects of our stay. In addition, the staff is very respectful and works meticulously, and we have accumulated a maximum of good memories with them. From now on, I will plan my vacation and make my reservations at the hotel where the staff is located who prepare these meals and welcome us with great kindness. ALL staff were pleasant, helpful and accommodating from the first minute. The staff are polite and pleasant. Apart from that, nobody cares, except for a few staff of course, since we are Turkish. The staff were generally friendly but it felt like foreigners were treated differently. Hotel staff must undergo serious training. A very big disadvantage is the zero level of knowledge of Russian and English among the staff (especially cleaning and security staff). The staff working in the hotel shops may greet you with bad language. In the evening our problems began, we arrived in the room, we wanted to take a shower, there was no hot water, we called the reception saying that it would come in 5 minutes, it would come in 10 minutes, and the next day we began to encounter unpleasant and disrespectful attitudes from the hotel staff in the bar and restaurant during the day. line "Is it broken?" Let me summarize briefly: if you like mountaineering, if you want to be treated like 2nd class just because you are Turkish (the staff is very interested in foreign tourists, you can't attract attention if you are Turkish), if you don't like If you want to enjoy the food you eat, this will be the ideal hotel for you, don't look elsewhere. The hotel is very big, there are many attractions, the hotel staff is amazing, they take care of every detail, they are very kind and helpful, you can really feel like a king. *Service; We liked the staff and found them attentive, but the room service is bad, they come and leave toilet paper in the room and leave. *Towel service is inadequate and staff is rude. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the staff are always friendly and attentive, but unfortunately that doesn't mean anything in itself. The staff tries to do their best, but hygiene and cleanliness are very poor. Positive: Staff: Everyone is very attentive and helpful. Upon arrival (2.5 hours from the airport) you will see a modest reception desk whose staff has a well-developed system for extracting money from tourists. Pros: - beautiful scenery, excellent food and catering staff, playgrounds, coniferous forest with hammocks, mini zoo (chickens, geese), cleanliness in public toilets. The restaurant and staff are very helpful. The attention and care of the staff was very good. YouTube music using the phone's internet, the connection kept getting lost, the animation team coming from outside was ruining the show, so to speak, the audience was laughing at the situation the hotel was in, they were supporting the animation team with applause to boost their morale, it was a good thing for humanity 👏 the cleaning of the rooms was good, I won't comment because I don't have much contact with the staff, but they work in the service sector, how happy they can be, 80 percent. The staff are respectful and there is a certain discipline in the hotel. The food, cakes and desserts, room, view and attention of the staff were all very good. The English are definitely not welcome here, a few staff members spat at us because we were from the 'UK', I complained to the reception staff member... The cleaning staff is a joke, they clean the floor with a dry mop, make the bed and that's it, you have to ring the bell to get towels and toilet paper. The staff were friendly and the bistro bar and kitchen staff were very helpful. The restaurant staff helps in every way. the staff under the window because they have been working since 7 am, and on top of that there are cars passing by with groceries. 3 staff members really made the difference between a bearable time and a horrible time. The hotel staff is very nice, polite, all the waiters, especially at the beach bar, work very well. We had a great rest, thanks to all the hotel staff! The staff who collected plates at the restaurant were terribly irritating and to this day my ears ring with the sound of broken plates. The staff were very attentive. But I can definitely say that about all the service staff, whether at the bar, restaurant, beach, etc. The food is not bad The pool is big and clean The staff is adequate and helpful The rooms are constantly cleaned There is animation available pool side. fear when we asked a request to a sullen staff. Also, the animation team was very nice, the cleaning staff, the bellboy Veysel and the transfer agent Cemil were very good, thank you, but because of such misfortunes I would not even do it. The staff is very successful. The views from the hotel are very beautiful, the staff are friendly and willing to help you. The restaurant staff are also friendly and really try hard. The Aqua Kitchen doner guy, the gozleme maker, the bartender, the pool attendant, they were really very caring and friendly, every business needs such staff. The restaurant is large, with several spaces, the staff is friendly and welcoming, they will always be able to help and advise! In general, regarding the cleanliness of the rooms and the attempts to scam the guides and staff, it is not even worth mentioning (it goes without saying)... Amazing staff. No, it's hot and we don't feel like going from one place to another, the staff is indifferent, the hotel is dirty, the variety of food is very limited, 4 types of food change every day, the rest are the same rooms, the problem is that the old food is bad, there is only a small variety of alcohol, so we don't know if we are on vacation at the hotel or if we are more tired or not. The staff is kind, very respectful and the all inclusive food is very delicious. All the staff are kind and helpful. Young girls pick up and drag the staff to the toilets, so be careful or they want to come to your room, so we were a bit scared. The attentiveness and hospitality of the staff was sufficient in some cases, but we would have expected a more professional and friendly service. The rooms were comfortable and very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The staff is excellent, everyone is smiling! Yorum: I recommend this hotel to everyone, it is really nice, the restaurant staff is very friendly and the cooks are also a super polite person, the head chef is a super polite person and the recession manager is excellent, helpful and polite. The reception staff cannot even provide basic information. Thanks to the AnexTour employee who helped us resolve this issue and negotiate with the hotel staff to move us to a regular room. The staff is very friendly and sincere. Everything I asked the hotel for was done by the staff, none of my requests were denied. Yorum: Hello, I think the hotel is a perfect relaxing hotel in terms of value for money and average age, the pool, sea and location are great, the food is nice, the staff is friendly, especially the animation, many thanks to Mr. The service is terrible, the staff are rude and try to get money out of you so they can move you to a regular room! Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. Yorum: The hotel staff was very good, especially sister Gozlemeci... | Rudest staff I have ever encountered, lucky to be a 2 star, terrible food - to call it breakfast is insulting and all the food is recycled. good, the staff is very good, the place is very big, you have to walk a little, other than that everything is perfect, the friends who made bad comments are those who bought the hotel and expect VIP service or fake comments I don't I don't normally comment but this place deserves praise. The staff is good, the drinks are extremely bad, there are no activities, we were actually surprised by the people who commented so well... Yorum: Staff: Friendly and helpful Lobby staff: Troubleshoots and is willing to help Plates: If you search, you will find clean plates. 5 stars because the shortcomings are understandable and remediable and the staff and management are willing to address the issues⭐️ 173. Our rooms were very spacious, the staff were friendly and attentive. Thank you Senza Garden Holiday to its staff. Yorum: Since the day we went there, Hersy was very kind, all the staff were very attentive, especially the bar staff Ahmet and Hakan were very interested. The entertainment Cedric and Mert working at the bar were very good The staff were generally friendly and good. The staff is very kind. The staff is very good and friendly. Yorum: Lovely staff, beach and food. Regarding the customer service, I am very disappointed that there is a preference for Russian customers, the bistro kitchen which serves pizzas at the beach level left us waiting for almost 1h30 without serving us anything to let the orders of Russian customers who came after us go through!!! On a positive note, the hotel representative we met was very nice and helpful, although he did mention that this hotel was one of the worst in the area, with very little to do. ALL staff were pleasant, helpful and accommodating from the first minute. It would be helpful to use signage for those who will come to the hotel by car. They were very helpful. The hotel is very big, there are many attractions, the hotel staff is amazing, they take care of every detail, they are very kind and helpful, you can really feel like a king. The service is friendly, reliable and very helpful, they try to make contact and get to know each other without any problems. Positive: Staff: Everyone is very attentive and helpful. Friendly and helpful service. The restaurant and staff are very helpful. The staff were friendly and the bistro bar and kitchen staff were very helpful. One of the hotel employees is very helpful: Andrzej, who speaks 8 languages, including Polish. The food is not bad The pool is big and clean The staff is adequate and helpful The rooms are constantly cleaned There is animation available pool side. Yorum: Beautiful views, good food and friendly service, especially the waiter Barzan, very hospitable and helpful. Walking along the stairs is helpful) The restaurant is just above the sea. All the staff are kind and helpful. The waiters and entertainers were very kind and helpful. Yorum: I recommend this hotel to everyone, it is really nice, the restaurant staff is very friendly and the cooks are also a super polite person, the head chef is a super polite person and the recession manager is excellent, helpful and polite. Furkan, who helped at the reception, he was very helpful with the room, and then we would like to thank the chef Mustafa, who helped us with everything until we left the hotel today. All the employees were dedicated and very helpful. From the first moment we walked in everyone was so helpful and accommodating. Yorum: Staff: Friendly and helpful Lobby staff: Troubleshoots and is willing to help Plates: If you search, you will find clean plates. Kadir the hotel manager is very helpful. The staff were very hardworking and friendly, which was one of the few redeeming aspects of our stay. In addition, the staff is very respectful and works meticulously, and we have accumulated a maximum of good memories with them. From now on, I will plan my vacation and make my reservations at the hotel where the staff is located who prepare these meals and welcome us with great kindness. ALL staff were pleasant, helpful and accommodating from the first minute. The staff are polite and pleasant. Apart from that, nobody cares, except for a few staff of course, since we are Turkish. The staff were generally friendly but it felt like foreigners were treated differently. Hotel staff must undergo serious training. A very big disadvantage is the zero level of knowledge of Russian and English among the staff (especially cleaning and security staff). The staff working in the hotel shops may greet you with bad language. In the evening our problems began, we arrived in the room, we wanted to take a shower, there was no hot water, we called the reception saying that it would come in 5 minutes, it would come in 10 minutes, and the next day we began to encounter unpleasant and disrespectful attitudes from the hotel staff in the bar and restaurant during the day. line "Is it broken?" Let me summarize briefly: if you like mountaineering, if you want to be treated like 2nd class just because you are Turkish (the staff is very interested in foreign tourists, you can't attract attention if you are Turkish), if you don't like If you want to enjoy the food you eat, this will be the ideal hotel for you, don't look elsewhere. The hotel is very big, there are many attractions, the hotel staff is amazing, they take care of every detail, they are very kind and helpful, you can really feel like a king. *Service; We liked the staff and found them attentive, but the room service is bad, they come and leave toilet paper in the room and leave. *Towel service is inadequate and staff is rude. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the staff are always friendly and attentive, but unfortunately that doesn't mean anything in itself. The staff tries to do their best, but hygiene and cleanliness are very poor. Positive: Staff: Everyone is very attentive and helpful. Upon arrival (2.5 hours from the airport) you will see a modest reception desk whose staff has a well-developed system for extracting money from tourists. Pros: - beautiful scenery, excellent food and catering staff, playgrounds, coniferous forest with hammocks, mini zoo (chickens, geese), cleanliness in public toilets. The restaurant and staff are very helpful. The attention and care of the staff was very good. YouTube music using the phone's internet, the connection kept getting lost, the animation team coming from outside was ruining the show, so to speak, the audience was laughing at the situation the hotel was in, they were supporting the animation team with applause to boost their morale, it was a good thing for humanity 👏 the cleaning of the rooms was good, I won't comment because I don't have much contact with the staff, but they work in the service sector, how happy they can be, 80 percent. The staff are respectful and there is a certain discipline in the hotel. The food, cakes and desserts, room, view and attention of the staff were all very good. The English are definitely not welcome here, a few staff members spat at us because we were from the 'UK', I complained to the reception staff member... The cleaning staff is a joke, they clean the floor with a dry mop, make the bed and that's it, you have to ring the bell to get towels and toilet paper. The staff were friendly and the bistro bar and kitchen staff were very helpful. The restaurant staff helps in every way. the staff under the window because they have been working since 7 am, and on top of that there are cars passing by with groceries. 3 staff members really made the difference between a bearable time and a horrible time. The hotel staff is very nice, polite, all the waiters, especially at the beach bar, work very well. We had a great rest, thanks to all the hotel staff! The staff who collected plates at the restaurant were terribly irritating and to this day my ears ring with the sound of broken plates. The staff were very attentive. But I can definitely say that about all the service staff, whether at the bar, restaurant, beach, etc. The food is not bad The pool is big and clean The staff is adequate and helpful The rooms are constantly cleaned There is animation available pool side. fear when we asked a request to a sullen staff. Also, the animation team was very nice, the cleaning staff, the bellboy Veysel and the transfer agent Cemil were very good, thank you, but because of such misfortunes I would not even do it. The staff is very successful. The views from the hotel are very beautiful, the staff are friendly and willing to help you. The restaurant staff are also friendly and really try hard. The Aqua Kitchen doner guy, the gozleme maker, the bartender, the pool attendant, they were really very caring and friendly, every business needs such staff. The restaurant is large, with several spaces, the staff is friendly and welcoming, they will always be able to help and advise! In general, regarding the cleanliness of the rooms and the attempts to scam the guides and staff, it is not even worth mentioning (it goes without saying)... Amazing staff. No, it's hot and we don't feel like going from one place to another, the staff is indifferent, the hotel is dirty, the variety of food is very limited, 4 types of food change every day, the rest are the same rooms, the problem is that the old food is bad, there is only a small variety of alcohol, so we don't know if we are on vacation at the hotel or if we are more tired or not. The staff is kind, very respectful and the all inclusive food is very delicious. All the staff are kind and helpful. Young girls pick up and drag the staff to the toilets, so be careful or they want to come to your room, so we were a bit scared. The attentiveness and hospitality of the staff was sufficient in some cases, but we would have expected a more professional and friendly service. The rooms were comfortable and very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The staff is excellent, everyone is smiling! Yorum: I recommend this hotel to everyone, it is really nice, the restaurant staff is very friendly and the cooks are also a super polite person, the head chef is a super polite person and the recession manager is excellent, helpful and polite. The reception staff cannot even provide basic information. Thanks to the AnexTour employee who helped us resolve this issue and negotiate with the hotel staff to move us to a regular room. The staff is very friendly and sincere. Everything I asked the hotel for was done by the staff, none of my requests were denied. Yorum: Hello, I think the hotel is a perfect relaxing hotel in terms of value for money and average age, the pool, sea and location are great, the food is nice, the staff is friendly, especially the animation, many thanks to Mr. The service is terrible, the staff are rude and try to get money out of you so they can move you to a regular room! Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. Yorum: The hotel staff was very good, especially sister Gozlemeci... | Rudest staff I have ever encountered, lucky to be a 2 star, terrible food - to call it breakfast is insulting and all the food is recycled. good, the staff is very good, the place is very big, you have to walk a little, other than that everything is perfect, the friends who made bad comments are those who bought the hotel and expect VIP service or fake comments I don't I don't normally comment but this place deserves praise. The staff is good, the drinks are extremely bad, there are no activities, we were actually surprised by the people who commented so well... Yorum: Staff: Friendly and helpful Lobby staff: Troubleshoots and is willing to help Plates: If you search, you will find clean plates. 5 stars because the shortcomings are understandable and remediable and the staff and management are willing to address the issues⭐️ 173. Our rooms were very spacious, the staff were friendly and attentive. Thank you Senza Garden Holiday to its staff. Yorum: Since the day we went there, Hersy was very kind, all the staff were very attentive, especially the bar staff Ahmet and Hakan were very interested. The entertainment Cedric and Mert working at the bar were very good The staff were generally friendly and good. The staff is very kind. The staff is very good and friendly. Yorum: Lovely staff, beach and food. Regarding the customer service, I am very disappointed that there is a preference for Russian customers, the bistro kitchen which serves pizzas at the beach level left us waiting for almost 1h30 without serving us anything to let the orders of Russian customers who came after us go through!!! The service was delayed and sloppy, the waiters and waitresses preferred to play with utensils instead of caring about the customers, they did not understand the language and could not even understand the dissatisfaction of their customers. Attentive and very friendly service. Improved bus service, to connect rooms, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. I would like to thank all the employees working at the beach for their smiling faces and services. There was no table service, just long lines at the bar, where only one person was serving. The service in plastic cups is not pleasant and the smell in the main bar is indescribable. If you tip, everyone is at your service. We buy an ultra all-inclusive concept service, but fresh fruit juices, Turkish coffee and ice creams are sold at €, what do we do with them? Service Immediately after check-in (8:00am) we were given wristbands and sent to breakfast (more for the treatments). You can use a long staircase or a shuttle service to reach the sea from the hotel. Our brother who provides the shuttle service is friendly. The service seems to have mood swings - the gentleman at the front desk is sometimes nice, sometimes rude. *Service; We liked the staff and found them attentive, but the room service is bad, they come and leave toilet paper in the room and leave. Yorum: This was the worst hotel I have stayed in in a long time in terms of hotel service, quality, vision and professionalism. *Towel service is inadequate and staff is rude. *Since a full-fledged drinks service is provided from a single 4 square meter bar on an 80,000 decares plot, the queues are very long. *there is no full drink service on the beach, you have to walk uphill (10 minutes uphill) *Full drink service is only available at the pool bar (10 minutes uphill when swimming in the sea) What is good about this hotel? (What happened to me the day I entered the hotel) Since he didn't say "Can I have pizza" and I politely asked for pizza in Turkish, I told my 10 and 9 year old children at the beach bar service in the evening that "M…. The lack of ice cream service is a disadvantage for families with children. The service is provided in all areas in a fun and honest spiral. zero activity the location is good the sea is beautiful bad rooms the service is not even bad it's horrible. The service is friendly, reliable and very helpful, they try to make contact and get to know each other without any problems. Service, first class. Friendly and helpful service. Yorum: You have to compare the opportunities offered with the price paid, you can't pay 2k and get a 5k service. But there is a service inside every half hour. The main bar stank of cat poop and the service was terrible. YouTube music using the phone's internet, the connection kept getting lost, the animation team coming from outside was ruining the show, so to speak, the audience was laughing at the situation the hotel was in, they were supporting the animation team with applause to boost their morale, it was a good thing for humanity 👏 the cleaning of the rooms was good, I won't comment because I don't have much contact with the staff, but they work in the service sector, how happy they can be, 80 percent. Yorum: If I never return to the hotel again, the only reason would be that there is no regular bell service on the road between Deniz - Restaurant - Aqua Park. If there is a bell service with a certain time and order, this is one of the best hotels you can find in F/P. If you call to say we have resolved the ringtone service issue, we can meet next year :) 73. The service was generally good, with the exception of one gentleman working the front desk. Excellent service, very friendly waiters and bartenders, delicious food, no monotony - I don't know where the opinions about eating the same thing come from, if you don't like a lot of things you know you will constantly eat fries, there was plenty of food there. I missed the service like electric kettle and coffee in the room, with such a beautiful view from the balcony, it would be nice to drink coffee there in the morning. There is a shuttle service from the front of the motel to the beach and event spaces every 30 minutes. The service they provided was really good and they worked hard. You can walk to the sea and up and down the stairs, and there is also a shuttle/ring service. It can be said that you get service according to the money you pay. Berkan, who works at the pool bar, for his smiling face, his special attention and his attentive service. Very good service at the restaurant, they work hard. But I can definitely say that about all the service staff, whether at the bar, restaurant, beach, etc. Yorum: We received a very high level of service compared to the price of the hotel. There is also a constant service. The rooms are mostly old, the restaurant offers beautiful views, the rooms too, the choice of products is wide, the service is 4, the entertainment is weak. Yorum: Beautiful views, good food and friendly service, especially the waiter Barzan, very hospitable and helpful. The drink service was also terrible. The rooms are beyond horrible, the toilet and bathroom are flooded with water, there is no solution, you have to swim and enter the toilet, the room smells of humidity, the furniture is dirty and shabby, no service, the food is horrible, the employees are very rude. Yorum: Last summer my wife and I visited this hotel after reading "good" reviews about the view, rooms, service, etc. The service was also satisfactory, at the reception there was a group of children who made fun of you on everything you said and interrupted you while you were talking and never took complaints seriously (because they have many). The food service was the most enjoyable part of the overall "service" experience. Yorum: I was with a friend, the view was great, but the service was intrusive, the rooms were a joke. Service, servers are a serious problem. The attentiveness and hospitality of the staff was sufficient in some cases, but we would have expected a more professional and friendly service. We haven't met the service yet. Views: 5 Food: 4+ Service: 5 Rooms: 4+ (room at the very top, numbered from 900) Room cleaning: 2+ (despite daily tips, the room was very poorly cleaned, the floor was dirty, the sink was very dirty once, the sheets and towels were obviously replaced once, usually poorly) Entertainment: 3 - if you like it, it's very poor here, despite the nice people. For the price that sometimes appears, I would happily come back :) the place has atmosphere, beautiful views, tasty food and very friendly service. If you are planning to please a loved one with a surprise for a vacation, the hotel will help you, but will not tell you in advance what is included in this package, constantly ask about this service (the local guide did not know this and missed the point). The hotel service was fantastic. The rooms are very very old, there is no service, the service is bad, the waiters are very rude. Very good service!!!! The service can be extended. The overall service, snacks and drinks were pretty poor. The only downside to the hotel is that it is on a hill and there is hourly service. Yorum: After a week I can say that the location is great, the views are beautiful and unforgettable 😍 our first vacation, the rooms could have been cleaner, but it was still not bad :D the overall service was excellent 😁🏝️ I consider my first vacation in my life a success 🌴🏝️ 157. The service is terrible, the staff are rude and try to get money out of you so they can move you to a regular room! good, the staff is very good, the place is very big, you have to walk a little, other than that everything is perfect, the friends who made bad comments are those who bought the hotel and expect VIP service or fake comments I don't I don't normally comment but this place deserves praise. Because the money we paid was worth the service we received. you respect the transport service schedules, a trouble-free holiday awaits you. The pizza and hamburger by the sea were very good and the service was fast, the a la carte waiters were luxurious, indifferent. Rooms 3 points, very clean and without comfort, old and to regulate In terms of service, the restaurant food is average hotel food, it does not have much taste, but there is a lot of variety. Yorum: Don't choose it, you will regret it, everyone who came regretted it, the food was bad, the service was bad, we didn't have the strength in our legs to climb the stairs, everyone was trying to cancel, it's close to the sea, but you have to go up and down more than 100 steps to get down to the sea. the pool until morning, they are not sprayed, I think I have never seen a hotel that offers such bad service in my life. Yorum: Really horrible service, all inclusive, 2 nights and 3 days, the room is limited, you have to go through tracks and ramps to get from the room to the beach, enjoy this natural beauty, the food and drinks are horrible, plastic cups, this can not be described, it can be experienced, I am in favor of you not doing it. The service and humanity of Brother Kadir at Sahil Bistro is incredible. The service was sometimes very mixed.

Rating for Water Slides: 6.7
Total number of comments for Water Slides: 222
All results text for Water Slides: Yorum: If I never return to the hotel again, the only reason would be that there is no regular bell service on the road between Deniz - Restaurant - Aqua Park. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. There are 3 swimming pools, one with three slides. Note that the swimming pool with slides is at the top. They turn on the slides twice a day. a swimming pool with super slides... Nice swimming pools and slides. The food is pretty good, there are no slides, music plays all day. The slides were open twice a day for 2 hours each, which was not enough for the children, there were no lifeguards anywhere. I would like to thank the entertainers who really make you have a good time, whether it's pool games or evening entertainment. Improved bus service, to connect rooms, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. Yorum: Very good hotel, the sea, the swimming pool and the rooms are very far away, which is a shame, otherwise the entertainment is great! You had to walk a long way to get to the sea and the swimming pool! we would stay in the car, take our suitcase up to our room and say, "If you need anything, please call me, I'd love to help you." Our room had a view of the pool and the forest. The hotel has 2 large swimming pools, but the most beautiful one is on the beach. The sea is like a specially designed swimming pool, it is beautifully clean and there are no waves thanks to the mountain. The pool bar was disappointing. The flavors are many and delicious like crepes at the pool bar, hamburgers, pizzas at the snack bar, etc. The pools were great. The pool bar near the hotel absolutely stinks, really unpleasant to enjoy. Water pool. The large swimming pool and beach are all within walking distance. The large swimming pool is very good. I stayed in a room near the pool so it's a matter of moving from left to right, God help those in different parts of the hotel. The guy at the pool bar, I think his name was Murat, was good and offered different suggestions. To get from the beach to the pool, you have to climb a hill for 10 minutes. You have to spend at least 15 minutes to get a drink at the pool bar because the queue is never short. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. There are 3 bistro bars (fast food) on the beach (menu: pizza, salad, pasta and burger with fries, drinks); by the pools (drinks, gozleme flatbreads, etc.) I was surprised by the availability of a night breakfast (from 2:00 p.m. There was entertainment: during the day - by the pool with a restaurant, in the evening - in the amphitheater. All the hotel's entertainment is designed for the pool. In an ultra all-inclusive concept hotel, you will only be able to access cocktails at the pool bar. Large complex with two swimming pools and a private beach. Cons: Chickens running around the main pool. Cigarettes - smoking is not allowed in public places in Turkey, but smoking is allowed everywhere: in restaurants, on deck chairs by the pool, on the beach. The pool bar and surrounding area smells bad, and there is always a queue in the evening. The water in the pool is colder than the sea, but it doesn't matter. The music at the pool is extremely loud, but that may also be a matter of preference. The pool was very dirty and there were oils on its surface. We preferred the pool upstairs, it was cleaner, but going up there was also death. ordeal, once dinner time is over, alcohol is only served by the pool, there is an endless queue for hours, and while the alcohol is already of poor quality, it gets depressing waiting in line. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. *there is no full drink service on the beach, you have to walk uphill (10 minutes uphill) *Full drink service is only available at the pool bar (10 minutes uphill when swimming in the sea) What is good about this hotel? All kinds of drinks are served in their bars, only at the pool bar. While the Senza Holiday Club bar overlooking the pool serves you until midnight, it is very pleasant to sip your drinks and chat by the pool. I would like to thank the entertainers who really make you have a good time, whether it's pool games or evening entertainment. The pool is inadequate, the water park disappointed the children, it has nothing to do with the photos. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. There are 3 swimming pools, one with three slides. Midweek there is a foam party at the pool near the restaurant, and daily water exercises accompanied by music (music plays all the time from 10am to around 5-7pm). You can use the swimming pools and restaurants until departure. If your room overlooks the pool, you can listen to the drunks below until morning. Swimming pool: It is really clean, well maintained and very large. Note that the swimming pool with slides is at the top. If your kids get wind of it, you'll be flying between the sea and the pool, it'll be annoying :) it's a shame they turn it off. Another drawback is that the pool closes early in the evening and many children are eager to swim. If you have a room close to the main pool, the hotel is perfect for you. There are two swimming pools. It was really nice with its water park, its lively main pool, its beach and its sea... The pool bar is horrible, sticky tables and bartenders who only want to tip you. a swimming pool with super slides... bars and restaurants by the pools and on the beach... Our room was very close to the pool and dining area and halfway to the sea. The entertainment team is constantly doing activities by the pool, you won't be bored. They swim in the pool until 10:00 p.m. (Addition: The day we arrived at my house, we could not sleep because of my family's earaches due to the infection caused by the swimming pool. people staying at the hotel were Russians and Poles, don't expect red meat in the meals, there is only turkey, we would have been hungry without the pizza, burgers on the beach and chicken doner in the aqua pool. The pool is clean, the sea is beautiful, close to the rooms, non-swimmers have a little trouble entering from the edge. 5 km between 2 swimming pools.. The hotel is located on a hill and depending on where your room is located you can walk to the pool and restaurant. In summary, we can see that the pool bar is starting to age, but the houses on the hills have their own charm. The swimming pool needs maintenance, especially the main one and the small one for children. Moreover, you get very tired even going from your room to the swimming pool, to dinner, to the sea, everywhere is far from the stairs and the slopes. Those who want to go to the pool, the beach or the amphitheater can do so if they have a car, otherwise they will not want to leave their room. There is a keeper at the upper pool and he works hard to keep it clean. There is music for 12 hours outside by the lower pool. Zip line, adventure park, tennis, basketball, ping pong, swimming pool, games room are all extra. There is 1 3-lane Aqua pool and 1 large pool. Yorum: If you are in a room far from the main pool and you don't like walking, that will be the main problem. Berkan, who works at the pool bar, for his smiling face, his special attention and his attentive service. - swimming pools: hits in different languages ​​are played in the swimming pools: in Polish I got acquainted with the wide range of disco polo. The poolside entertainment is repetitive, but in the "amphitheater" it is more interesting. Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. The rest of the neighborhood and the pools are very good 94. You organize a photoshoot, either at the hotel pool or nearby, if you like the photos, you buy them, if you don't like them, you lose nothing, but it's really worth it... Lots of attractions organized around the pool. The food is not bad The pool is big and clean The staff is adequate and helpful The rooms are constantly cleaned There is animation available pool side. You won't want to go down from the sea to the water park until long after the pool. To get from the room to the pool/bar or anywhere else, you had to climb three mountains and walk about 10 minutes. There are swimming pools in 2 different locations. Unfortunately the security of the hotel (when we were on holiday between 12:00 and 18:00) was very weak, there were no lifeguards in the pools, there was one at the seaside and that's it. I left it on the table, so if anyone goes here, hides his money, one of the tourists was telling by the pool how they took it from him, a lot of money!!! Once you climb it and are drenched in sweat (38 degrees), you are in the pool/restaurant area, but still no where near the rooms. The Aqua Kitchen doner guy, the gozleme maker, the bartender, the pool attendant, they were really very caring and friendly, every business needs such staff. Only the small swimming pool needs a little more improvement. It has 2 swimming pools. In the canteen there is a constant search for cutlery and all drinks are served in plastic cups, at the swimming pool it is still understandable, but breakfast, lunch and dinner are a bit excessive. The only positives were the view and the pools you could swim in. You have unlimited drinks by the pool, the beach is only a 2/3 minute walk from the main area. There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. like in the dining room, at the pool bar - like in a train station buffet. Nice swimming pools and slides. Thanks to Berkan at the main pool bar and Murat from the entertainment team. I recommend eating pizza by the sea instead of at the main restaurant, or going for a waffle by the main pool. Other than that, the pool and everything, they are above average. The pools and beach were nice but could have been cleaner and better maintained. Long distance between the rooms and the sea and the swimming pool. There is sand at the bottom of the pool, those who came from the sea jumped straight into it. I didn't see any animation, but they did something with the kids in the pool! By the pool there was only diluted fruit juice, water and bread rolls with disgusting lamb. Senza Garden Resort is actually a small village consisting of many buildings, swimming pools, parks, etc. I also recommend the Textilmarket by the pool. The pool is ok, but unfortunately I noticed some tiles falling to the bottom, so you have to be careful. We had the water park right next door with a nice quiet pool. Overall we were happy with the sea and the pools. So that we can manage on our own or buy a new one because he didn't want to help us, towels were stolen from a lounger by the pool, the food is also not tasty, it tastes like vomit, a plus is that the pool entertainment is nice and the pool, but the pool bar is not maintained because the employees sit there all day because of the unpleasant smell of rotten food that is constantly behind them, I will not come back here 148. Yorum: Hello, I think the hotel is a perfect relaxing hotel in terms of value for money and average age, the pool, sea and location are great, the food is nice, the staff is friendly, especially the animation, many thanks to Mr. Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. Restaurant chefs Mustafa Hüseyin and Bilal, pool bar chef Mehmet and Fatma Hanım who prepared the most beautiful crepes we have ever eaten. There are separate stairs for dining and a separate staircase for the pool. Burger lovers may not like it, but there are poolside BURGERS out there AND THEY DO IT VERY GOOD. Ayşe who helped us at the reception, we were a lucky family for the location of the room, we were given a room close to the main swimming pool and … 174. The beach was like building sand, there was sand under the pool, they came in as if they were coming from the sea, cleaning it. of the pool was poor, even the 2 points I gave are too high... There are 2 swimming pools, very far from each other and again stairs there are animations etc., there is nothing, people can use. the pool until morning, they are not sprayed, I think I have never seen a hotel that offers such bad service in my life. But it's not bad at the pool or beach when it's hot, flatbread pizza is my favorite. Swimming pools … 194. The pool and the sea are beautiful. Unfortunately, even 1 star is too much for everything except the pool and the sea. adult animators in the swimming pools. The shower water was stagnant! on the sand and breakwater side. The bathroom in one of the bedrooms was leaking water all over the sink and the shower was broken for two days before it was fixed. Water pool. Our room was clean and we always had hot water. In the water park above, a chicken doner is served between hamburger buns. Meat (mainly turkey, chicken, fish, semi-finished products, breakfast sausages), vegetables (tomatoes, cucumbers, herbs, olives, etc.), fruits (apples, oranges, grapefruit and watermelon), sweets, lunch and dinner soups, beer and wine. In the evening our problems began, we arrived in the room, we wanted to take a shower, there was no hot water, we called the reception saying that it would come in 5 minutes, it would come in 10 minutes, and the next day we began to encounter unpleasant and disrespectful attitudes from the hotel staff in the bar and restaurant during the day. When we went to our room the 2nd night we were told the hot water was faulty and our room had been changed. The first night there was no hot water to take a shower (there was some during the day). Today there is no running water in the shower (neither hot nor cold). The water in the pool is colder than the sea, but it doesn't matter. We had a room with a water view which was a big plus. In this heat, water will make you happier, don't torture your body, morning, noon and dinner times are chaos, the area where you eat your main meal smells very bad, the ventilation is poor, you can breathe a little when you go out on the terrace, I don't have a word to say to the employees, I hope their salaries satisfy them necessarily. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. The hotel rating is 1 in my opinion, 2 for the efforts of the employees, the view is good, the social areas are extremely poor compared to this view, the very old rooms smell of damp, hot and cold water is a constant problem, you use the sink with disgust, every day in the hotel somewhere is broken, even the showers are a joke, the last time they suffered a tornado was at the beach. Sometimes there is no water. The ground collapsed and water accumulated. The pool is inadequate, the water park disappointed the children, it has nothing to do with the photos. The grilled food was tasty, the canteen overlooked the sea, so it was a pleasure to eat, there was always white or red wine or coffee, juices and drinks, there was a great selection of cakes and other sweets, fruits, watermelons, delicious sweet melons, oranges, cherries and apples. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. Midweek there is a foam party at the pool near the restaurant, and daily water exercises accompanied by music (music plays all the time from 10am to around 5-7pm). Water park: INCREDIBLE! It was really nice with its water park, its lively main pool, its beach and its sea... The drinks and beer are watered down to the point where it couldn't be worse. Don't expect any delights in the desserts, the drinks were always lukewarm, we were happy when we found cold water, the alcohol is horrible including beer, you drink coke and water... The best thing was the beach, even though it is a small stone beach, the water is warm and clear, For me it was an experience, the weather was great but I will not recommend this place and I do not want to go back 75. There is a Turkish bath, a spa, a water park, a discotheque and a sports area. Seasonal fruits arrive fresh, watermelon, cherry, orange, melon, apple... However, we created a very friendly atmosphere with the Turks we met and the water polo match was great fun. A small selection of fruits (apples, pears, oranges, plus watermelons or melons cut on site every day - in fact, people ate whole plates of these watermelons as if they had never eaten them, a watermelon sensation). 4 types of juice from the dispenser - when you put a cup in it, you never know if you will get only concentrate or almost only water. The best is the first massage where Andrzej, who speaks Polish, invites you, then after the massage he invites you into the room where a pseudo doctor comes who has never seen you and tells you that it is just water in your body and that you have spinal problems and massages are needed hahhahaha. The sandy beach is a big plus, the water is clean. The chicken doner in the water park and the doner kebab master are good. The entertainment is standard water polo, darts, etc. You won't want to go down from the sea to the water park until long after the pool. During the 7 days of laundry at the hotel, there was not once any water in the room. The rooms are beyond horrible, the toilet and bathroom are flooded with water, there is no solution, you have to swim and enter the toilet, the room smells of humidity, the furniture is dirty and shabby, no service, the food is horrible, the employees are very rude. By the pool there was only diluted fruit juice, water and bread rolls with disgusting lamb. We had the water park right next door with a nice quiet pool. We were mainly at the water park in the morning and at the beach in the afternoon and evening. In the beachside bathroom, water leaks from the ceiling, causing a musty smell. (lots of trash in the water) Overall, no big drama, because the price is not great either ;) 165. the room that walked all over the walls of the bed, on the floor I called the reception, employees came and poured water on the air conditioner through the wires, they didn't care if there was a short circuit, then one came and poured cement on the outlet of the air conditioner pipe, 2 times we asked to change rooms only on the 3rd day they changed us to a good one. It is a great advantage that the sea has a perfect breakwater... Because the heat and the burden (carrying things to the water + children on shoulders/in arms) will take their toll. Darts, water polo, dancing, water polo. Improved bus service, to connect rooms, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. Yorum: Very good hotel, the sea, the swimming pool and the rooms are very far away, which is a shame, otherwise the entertainment is great! You had to walk a long way to get to the sea and the swimming pool! The hotel has 2 large swimming pools, but the most beautiful one is on the beach. The sea is like a specially designed swimming pool, it is beautifully clean and there are no waves thanks to the mountain. The large swimming pool and beach are all within walking distance. The large swimming pool is very good. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. Large complex with two swimming pools and a private beach. *there is no full drink service on the beach, you have to walk uphill (10 minutes uphill) *Full drink service is only available at the pool bar (10 minutes uphill when swimming in the sea) What is good about this hotel? There are 3 swimming pools, one with three slides. You can use the swimming pools and restaurants until departure. Swimming pool: It is really clean, well maintained and very large. Note that the swimming pool with slides is at the top. There are two swimming pools. a swimming pool with super slides... (Addition: The day we arrived at my house, we could not sleep because of my family's earaches due to the infection caused by the swimming pool. 5 km between 2 swimming pools.. The swimming pool needs maintenance, especially the main one and the small one for children. Moreover, you get very tired even going from your room to the swimming pool, to dinner, to the sea, everywhere is far from the stairs and the slopes. Zip line, adventure park, tennis, basketball, ping pong, swimming pool, games room are all extra. - swimming pools: hits in different languages ​​are played in the swimming pools: in Polish I got acquainted with the wide range of disco polo. There are swimming pools in 2 different locations. Only the small swimming pool needs a little more improvement. It has 2 swimming pools. In the canteen there is a constant search for cutlery and all drinks are served in plastic cups, at the swimming pool it is still understandable, but breakfast, lunch and dinner are a bit excessive. There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. Nice swimming pools and slides. Long distance between the rooms and the sea and the swimming pool. Senza Garden Resort is actually a small village consisting of many buildings, swimming pools, parks, etc. Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. There are not many people swimming in the sea, so we feel comfortable. Ayşe who helped us at the reception, we were a lucky family for the location of the room, we were given a room close to the main swimming pool and … 174. There are 2 swimming pools, very far from each other and again stairs there are animations etc., there is nothing, people can use. Swimming pools … 194. adult animators in the swimming pools. The poolside entertainment is repetitive, but in the "amphitheater" it is more interesting. Burger lovers may not like it, but there are poolside BURGERS out there AND THEY DO IT VERY GOOD. So that we can manage on our own or buy a new one because he didn't want to help us, towels were stolen from a lounger by the pool, the food is also not tasty, it tastes like vomit, a plus is that the pool entertainment is nice and the pool, but the pool bar is not maintained because the employees sit there all day because of the unpleasant smell of rotten food that is constantly behind them, I will not come back here 148. I would like to thank the entertainers who really make you have a good time, whether it's pool games or evening entertainment. So that we can manage on our own or buy a new one because he didn't want to help us, towels were stolen from a lounger by the pool, the food is also not tasty, it tastes like vomit, a plus is that the pool entertainment is nice and the pool, but the pool bar is not maintained because the employees sit there all day because of the unpleasant smell of rotten food that is constantly behind them, I will not come back here 148. I would like to thank the entertainers who really make you have a good time, whether it's pool games or evening entertainment. So that we can manage on our own or buy a new one because he didn't want to help us, towels were stolen from a lounger by the pool, the food is also not tasty, it tastes like vomit, a plus is that the pool entertainment is nice and the pool, but the pool bar is not maintained because the employees sit there all day because of the unpleasant smell of rotten food that is constantly behind them, I will not come back here 148.

Rating for Transportation Options: 7.0
Total number of comments for Transportation Options: 215
All results text for Transportation Options: We even considered paying extra to book our own transportation home, but no flights were available. However, as the hotel is located on the mountainside and scattered, transportation is tiring. As a very attentive person, I didn't see any other problems, but in one of the comments I saw below, someone wrote "the rooms don't agree with this :) Transportation within the hotel: Yes, it's all hilly. We even considered paying extra to book our own transportation home, but no flights were available. There is nowhere to walk outside the territory, but you can get by public transport (bus 50) to Alanya (15-20 minutes) or Konakli (10 minutes) Number The "standard" room looked neat. A bus transporting people from the hotel to the beach and vice versa. But shuttles still provide transport within the hotel. However, as the hotel is located on the mountainside and scattered, transportation is tiring. a lot of meat, for example ready-made quilts of different shapes, bought frozen and transported directly from the box to the grill. As a very attentive person, I didn't see any other problems, but in one of the comments I saw below, someone wrote "the rooms don't agree with this :) Transportation within the hotel: Yes, it's all hilly. you respect the transport service schedules, a trouble-free holiday awaits you. There is nowhere to walk outside the territory, but you can get by public transport (bus 50) to Alanya (15-20 minutes) or Konakli (10 minutes) Number The "standard" room looked neat. Near Alanya - taxi about 13 euros. It's far from the city, you have to order a taxi. Thanks to Aiden from the entertainment team, the big boy at the bar who works everyday and was always so nice and the night reception manager who called us dominoes and ordered us a taxi, he was great. There is a taxi stand right next to the hotel. The hotel is very isolated, to get out of the hotel you have to rely on their overpriced taxi prices. 15€ for a taxi to Alanya. The market is far away, you have to take a taxi or bus No. Upon arrival (2.5 hours from the airport) you will see a modest reception desk whose staff has a well-developed system for extracting money from tourists. At reception there is a friendly car rental company, Rozart, who also arrange a very convenient and quick transfer to the airport and beyond. Improved bus service, to connect rooms, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. You can travel by minibus, route: reception - SPA Center - beach (according to timetables). There is nowhere to walk outside the territory, but you can get by public transport (bus 50) to Alanya (15-20 minutes) or Konakli (10 minutes) Number The "standard" room looked neat. A bus transporting people from the hotel to the beach and vice versa. We arrived at night, got a room about 50m from reception, I asked where to go, and the gentleman told me to wait for the bus and that the hotel was very big. You can go to the beach and back by bus, but you don't have to stick to the schedule. - near the bus stop to go to Alanya. A professional manager in an emergency; I hope they find a manager who is truly educated in management and public relations, far from the mentality of "I've been in this business for 30 years". Walking down to the beach from the hillside sea view rooms, waiting for the safari bus that runs every half hour, going up and down the stairs or the adjacent hill may be difficult for some, but it was not a problem for me. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. In general, I do not recommend staying there, because if I had not gone by city bus (20-35 lira per person one way, pay to the driver when getting off, I recommend the Moovit app, timetables, etc.) to Alanya and Payallar, I would have felt like I was on vacation in Russia. There is a free bus from the hotel on a schedule. again and wipe the buffet, do you think the waiter and the bellboy are abusive? Some waiters were banging their heads and having fun when the restaurant was busy. During our trip the Turkish resident counted us on the bus and told the driver to leave and when the bus started 2 ladies stood up and said they got on the wrong bus can they get off, when they got off people were outraged as he counted that the number of people was correct we had to be careful what did anyone say? The Aqua Kitchen doner guy, the gozleme maker, the bartender, the pool attendant, they were really very caring and friendly, every business needs such staff. There is a bus every 30 minutes (so imagine how far the beach is), and we found out that they only pick you up if you can promise to tip the driver, which is another reason why I will be leaving Turkey and visiting our beautiful Europe instead, where the hospitality here is far better than anything I have seen in Turkey so far, it almost seems fake, I can't explain it but you will know if you want to see this resort. Near Alanya - the bus costs 1 euro. The market is far away, you have to take a taxi or bus No. We did not visit the local hammam, it costs 40 b., they take you from the hotel to the city hammam for 20 b., however, if you come yourself on the bus of line 50, it is already 10 b. The bus had no windows and no closed doors. It looked like an outdated safari bus. Also, since we went during the holidays, we had to change the time of the return bus to a late hour, but Mr. the bus is supposed to have a schedule, but it runs as it pleases, so you have to climb... Even if there is a bus, you can't always find a bus. Sometimes you get stuck on a bus. The restaurant has a great view but it was very busy as they were there for the Turkish holiday of Kurban Bayrak, the food was varied and there was plenty of everything and it was delicious. They lack training in active reception for a 5 star ⭐️. The endless uphill walk will kill your legs unless you are a trained athlete. Hotel staff must undergo serious training. *I have heard this phrase dozens of times, from top managers to the lowest-skilled employees; “Turkish guests usually behave like this and do that.” Untrained employees do not want or like Turkish guests. like in the dining room, at the pool bar - like in a train station buffet. At reception there is a friendly car rental company, Rozart, who also arrange a very convenient and quick transfer to the airport and beyond. There is no parking problem, it is safe. The food is very good The location is great This is definitely where we will come back on our next vacation, thank you Senza hotel 🛬❤️🇹🇷 6. Note: The location of the dining room is AMAZING The sea beach is AMAZING The employees are all friendly and try to help. Even though Aqua is in a separate location, crepes are even available. The location of the restaurant is incredibly beautiful, that was my favorite part. Yorum: In terms of location availability, you enter from the inside on the right, continue left and go through another hotel, but what I mean by actual location is that there is a staircase, you go up to the hotel restaurant with a 60 degree incline. Yorum: Hello, It is a real shame that the hotel has such a beautiful location and is so poorly used. Location and territory The hotel is located on the outskirts, on a mountain, next to the highway. My favorite part of the hotel is the location of the restaurant. I found it a bit ridiculous that restaurant meals were called open buffet, or table d'hôte, almost every day the same main course or its derivative, sugar-free desserts that didn't even change their location. Good things; The location of the hotel, the employees are polite (especially the friends at the reception) and do their best. Yorum: The hotel is located in a beautiful location, on a hill, right by the sea. As for the advantages: - the location of the hotel; on a hill, beautiful view of the sea, private beach but very small. *Location; The location is very nice and we liked the sea. As for the issue of slopes and stairs, unfortunately there is no other option due to its location. Now I tell you exactly the impression that SENZA GARDEN HOLIDAY left on me, with its location and visuals, with a delicious taste, and benefiting from my personal experiences with its social events. Yorum: We stayed here for 10 days, our room was not the best, it really needed to be renovated, the location was great but not used to its full potential, was only 20 minutes from Alanya and another... zero activity the location is good the sea is beautiful bad rooms the service is not even bad it's horrible. The view and location are nice. - Location of the hotel: Not close to the sea. They survived :) The area is beautiful, although the location is not for the young and hardy as walking to the restaurant from the beach is about 200 steps in full sun. The only thing I can agree with in the comments is the location of the rooms. The food is average in variety and taste, but the location of the restaurant is beautiful, the sea is right under your feet. Yorum: The only good thing was the location and the view. use the hotel location well, it has a very nice area, cleanliness, education, landscaping, ultra all inclusive system, apply it properly and do not use plastic, you will get better quality. The location of the hotel is so beautiful that it turns a blind eye to other flaws. The housekeeping is not clean, they are supposed to clean the room but they only change the sheets and leave, I think it is because of its location, but bugs come out everywhere, even our car has bugs. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the sea view is very good. Due to the location, there are many climbs and descents, as is typical in the mountains. Interesting location, hilly area, so the hotel is not suitable for families with children, which is certainly a plus for some people. Yorum: One of the most beautiful places because of its environment and location. Yorum: We spent our holidays in July with our family, the location of the hotel is actually on a cliff, the views are very beautiful, the land is very large and it is suitable for those who like to walk a lot, because to get to the beach and back you have to go up and down. There are swimming pools in 2 different locations. Yorum: The location is just great, from this height there are beautiful views, the hotels are comfortable, everything you need is there, the rooms are clean! The location of the hotel is very nice. The location was pretty, very steep and difficult to walk up to your room, especially after a Polish vodka, your room could be 1.5 km from the beach and you will be losing weight by the time you get home, very uncomfortable. Although the hotel's location and green spaces are nice, we think a little more attention should be paid to the cleanliness and comfort of the rooms. I definitely wouldn't give the room 5 stars, although the view and location right next to the beach were wonderful. The only advantage of this place is its attractive location with beautiful views from every room. Overall rating - 2 stars only for location. Yorum: After a week I can say that the location is great, the views are beautiful and unforgettable 😍 our first vacation, the rooms could have been cleaner, but it was still not bad :D the overall service was excellent 😁🏝️ I consider my first vacation in my life a success 🌴🏝️ 157. Yorum: Hello, I think the hotel is a perfect relaxing hotel in terms of value for money and average age, the pool, sea and location are great, the food is nice, the staff is friendly, especially the animation, many thanks to Mr. The view and location of our room were very nice. Maybe this doesn't happen to others, but I thought I'd say it anyway.*** Rooms and hygiene: when we first entered, our room had a better view than we expected, and they had positioned us in a strategic location close to the hotel, and we didn't ask for that :) it was very close to everywhere. I found it compatible in terms of concept and location. Ayşe who helped us at the reception, we were a lucky family for the location of the room, we were given a room close to the main swimming pool and … 174. The location is very good, but the distance to the beach and the stairs are tiring. Mainly to compensate for the distance differences between buildings. The large swimming pool and beach are all within walking distance. *As the hotel is located on a dispersed campus and on sloping terrain, it is necessary to travel very long distances. It is a considerable distance to reach the sea, and this distance is not a problem going downhill, but coming back from the sea the ring does not normally come every 30 minutes, but we waited. There are hills and descents, but the distance to the sea is not long. Long distance between the rooms and the sea and the swimming pool. The location is very good, but the distance to the beach and the stairs are tiring. You organize a photoshoot, either at the hotel pool or nearby, if you like the photos, you buy them, if you don't like them, you lose nothing, but it's really worth it... The large swimming pool and beach are all within walking distance. The reception area had an unpleasant smell and the atmosphere was quite miserable, with other guests lingering around. On a positive note, the hotel representative we met was very nice and helpful, although he did mention that this hotel was one of the worst in the area, with very little to do. You are also prohibited from passing the Senza Hotel area, as the guards enforce you to stay in your area. The layout of the hotel is completely tiring, it's certainly not a place without facilities, and the worst part is that none of the social areas are close to each other. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. The pool bar and surrounding area smells bad, and there is always a queue in the evening. In my opinion, the best thing about the hotel is the restaurant area, thanks to its view. In this heat, water will make you happier, don't torture your body, morning, noon and dinner times are chaos, the area where you eat your main meal smells very bad, the ventilation is poor, you can breathe a little when you go out on the terrace, I don't have a word to say to the employees, I hope their salaries satisfy them necessarily. The seating areas are very bad, you have to sit at the tables and chairs where you eat, a pleasant conversation in the evening is imaginary. The hotel rating is 1 in my opinion, 2 for the efforts of the employees, the view is good, the social areas are extremely poor compared to this view, the very old rooms smell of damp, hot and cold water is a constant problem, you use the sink with disgust, every day in the hotel somewhere is broken, even the showers are a joke, the last time they suffered a tornado was at the beach. This doesn't make much sense, but since the new bar manager Gamze, whom I met during my stay, showed from day one that she is very well equipped in this area, I think it will be greatly improved. The service is provided in all areas in a fun and honest spiral. The hotel grounds are so large that you can walk around the area for a long time. The hotel is located in a mountainous area, with lots of climbing. The photos posted by the Hotel show too large an area because the Hotel is located on the left side of the photos. In the morning we walked around the property and realized that everything probably looked the same, and due to the mountainous nature and very difficult terrain to navigate, we concluded that our house was in a convenient area. They survived :) The area is beautiful, although the location is not for the young and hardy as walking to the restaurant from the beach is about 200 steps in full sun. The downside is the general mess and rubbish strewn around the area. Yorum: I came to the hotel to relax and the area is so big that whether you want to relax or have fun, you can find great opportunities and places for both. Our room was very close to the pool and dining area and halfway to the sea. use the hotel location well, it has a very nice area, cleanliness, education, landscaping, ultra all inclusive system, apply it properly and do not use plastic, you will get better quality. Nice view, the hotel is actually located in a very mountainous area, it is difficult to walk. There is a scattered distribution over a wide area. There is a Turkish bath, a spa, a water park, a discotheque and a sports area. - area: hotel located on a slope, beautiful views, not well maintained but green. Interesting location, hilly area, so the hotel is not suitable for families with children, which is certainly a plus for some people. Once you climb it and are drenched in sweat (38 degrees), you are in the pool/restaurant area, but still no where near the rooms. You have unlimited drinks by the pool, the beach is only a 2/3 minute walk from the main area. Overall we had a reasonable holiday experience, but there were some areas where improvements could be made. Located in a beautiful area with stunning views. The area is mountainous, so I don't recommend it for people who can't or don't want to walk too much. The hotel's beach dining area is located far from each other. Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. It's even fun to walk around the area. But above all the sloping layout of the place. Yorum: Truly an admirable and warm place thanks to an excellent welcome (I salute the best receptionist Yaşar kaçmaz), a terrace with an exceptional view, perfect equipment and bedding. The beach is a bit gravelly but still a nice place. The drinks are generally adequate, I know places where they are much worse. , it is not open, but even if it is open, finding its place is a problem. After just one day we wanted to pack up and leave, fully aware that we wouldn't get our money back, but we didn't care because the place is absolutely disgusting. If you like climbing steep hills every day, you will love this place. But otherwise, avoid this place. The layout of the hotel is completely tiring, it's certainly not a place without facilities, and the worst part is that none of the social areas are close to each other. I wrote them just because they came to my mind, but everything in the hotel is so far away that you really get tired of going to some places. If you can find a place or make the time, you can use it. There are many beautiful places to take pictures and just relax. The only and most unpleasant thing was that from time to time there were dirty dishes and a lack of cups, glasses and mugs (instead, paper or plastic cups were placed). But it is placed on the counter in advance to avoid crowds. Cigarettes - smoking is not allowed in public places in Turkey, but smoking is allowed everywhere: in restaurants, on deck chairs by the pool, on the beach. The gentleman showed us around the entire hotel, carrying other guests, and in the end we ended up in almost the same place ;). And that's where the pros and cons of this place end: - the rooms, or rather the bathroom, are in a deplorable state. The room was only cleaned after about 3 days, or rather the towels were just replaced, - generally very dirty - everywhere. It looked like it was about to collapse in some places. - unpleasant smells in some places of the hotel, probably because the waste was stored right in the center of the hotel - paid WiFi, paid popcorn, paid corn on the beach, paid fresh fruit juice. Also, when we arrived at the hotel, we went to the beach of the neighboring hotel because we did not understand the places belonging to the hotel. It was an extremely complicated place and it was really difficult to move from one place to another. Anyway, look, in the comments, people who can't put two words together are trying to steer you, your opportunities may be limited, you may want to choose this hotel for its price and performance, believe me, this is not such a place, you may have a heart spasm walking to your room on the beach, this is the first time we choose a hotel where we are the victim of comments, this happened to us He came for the first time, we will not come. Yorum: First of all, if you prefer a quiet place, this is one of the nice hotels you can choose. The criterion is as follows: as the density of accommodation in a place of accommodation increases, the enthusiasm of the employees of the approved company increases in parallel with the taste and flavor of its meals and the care taken in its offerings. The system is in place, everyone is aware of their job. It is extremely difficult to move from one place to another. Yorum: I came to the hotel to relax and the area is so big that whether you want to relax or have fun, you can find great opportunities and places for both. At the same time, there are places where you can take some time for yourself surrounded by greenery. place worth the 12 hours we spent there. You could find a place even at 10:00. we were placed at the very top, although upon arrival we immediately asked to be put in a normal room so that there would be no scandal. Outside, the rooms are beautiful and spacious, but the place is very remote and you never get tired of climbing the stairs. The best thing was the beach, even though it is a small stone beach, the water is warm and clear, For me it was an experience, the weather was great but I will not recommend this place and I do not want to go back 75. the concept is ULTRA ALL INCLUSIVE, but I don't understand why, the quality is zero in some places. The ladies at the front desk were a tragedy - on the first day we were given a replacement room due to a leak in the bathroom toilet, when we asked to be shown to the room as it wasn't even in the same building as the previous one, the lady at the front desk told us to wait 3 minutes and she would help us, then she got in the car with the other employee and they drove off. A year ago this place stole our hearts and we just had to come back. After reporting it twice, they replaced it with a defective refrigerator. They make their own quilt (itchy bedspread) and don't even mend the pillows, and replace the towels whenever they want, or take them away and leave no charge. The only positive side is the price of this 5* place was 30 years ago, 80% of the customers are Russian and like everyone else, they are drunk on these hideous colored cocktails. The place is located on a steep hill and it is really tiring to go up and down a hill all day. This place is 95% filled with rude, selfish, ignorant Russians. As you know, a big place like a village is usually good, of course people's opinions can change depending on the places they visit. Yorum: One of the most beautiful places because of its environment and location. Yorum: It's a place that plays extremely loud music until midnight, disturbing those of us staying at the hotel next door. If you want to see how food is wasted in moderation or want to know the culture, this is the right place for you. To be honest, I have to say that there is a shuttle from the beach to any place in the hotel. But this happened quite irregularly and you had to fight to get a seat or a standing place. The rooms are in other places which are crazy, you have to go a long way to swim in the sea. No, it's hot and we don't feel like going from one place to another, the staff is indifferent, the hotel is dirty, the variety of food is very limited, 4 types of food change every day, the rest are the same rooms, the problem is that the old food is bad, there is only a small variety of alcohol, so we don't know if we are on vacation at the hotel or if we are more tired or not. There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. I came here for 12 hours, I am a guest, the treatment I received was not nice at all, I will not choose this place again for sure. And we bought a sightseeing tour, and while buying the ticket, I asked the dear manager of the place: "We have a tour at 8 in the morning, it will end at 6 in the evening, can we come and collect our luggage? Yorum: Don't go to that place, it's a dirty dump. Absolutely shocking and disgusting place. 😍 It's not 5 stars, but more like 3.5 If the hotel and its gardens were renovated it would be a truly wonderful place, everything is old as you can see, but it's a very charming place with very warm people. Views: 5 Food: 4+ Service: 5 Rooms: 4+ (room at the very top, numbered from 900) Room cleaning: 2+ (despite daily tips, the room was very poorly cleaned, the floor was dirty, the sink was very dirty once, the sheets and towels were obviously replaced once, usually poorly) Entertainment: 3 - if you like it, it's very poor here, despite the nice people. For the price that sometimes appears, I would happily come back :) the place has atmosphere, beautiful views, tasty food and very friendly service. You won't find any luxury here, but it's still a very nice place for everyone. This place is mainly for Russians who are very rude and aggressive! Yorum: My wife and I were on vacation for the second time in this place. So it is a place for those who like to walk. We really like this place. The only advantage of this place is its attractive location with beautiful views from every room. I really didn't understand the expectations of those who gave bad reviews about this place. good, the staff is very good, the place is very big, you have to walk a little, other than that everything is perfect, the friends who made bad comments are those who bought the hotel and expect VIP service or fake comments I don't I don't normally comment but this place deserves praise. The paid WiFi (10 euros for 5 days) in the room only worked in certain places and was intended for only one user. Emplacement. I was placed at the very top. Many Poles and Russians think this place is theirs and they are very salesy. The only nice thing about this place was Sunshine Beach and the food was ok.

Rating for Hygienic Holiday: 7.0
Total number of comments for Hygienic Holiday: 146
All results text for Hygienic Holiday: Regarding cleanliness, there was always a bad smell in the entrance hall and a lot of flies in the restaurant!!! Then there is cleanliness. I think the warmth and cleanliness of the sea is pleasant. Unfortunately there was no trace of cleanliness in the accommodation. Cleanliness 0. The staff tries to do their best, but hygiene and cleanliness are very poor. Hotel cleanliness: SUPER! Pros: - beautiful scenery, excellent food and catering staff, playgrounds, coniferous forest with hammocks, mini zoo (chickens, geese), cleanliness in public toilets. The beach is indeed not perfect in terms of cleanliness. use the hotel location well, it has a very nice area, cleanliness, education, landscaping, ultra all inclusive system, apply it properly and do not use plastic, you will get better quality. Purity Unfortunately, there was no cleanliness! In general, regarding the cleanliness of the rooms and the attempts to scam the guides and staff, it is not even worth mentioning (it goes without saying)... Cleanliness in the restaurant... Although the hotel's location and green spaces are nice, we think a little more attention should be paid to the cleanliness and comfort of the rooms. The downsides were the cleanliness of the beer bar and the cleanliness of the beach. For a hotel that claims to be a family resort, the hygiene standards are absolutely unacceptable. For a hotel that claims to be a family resort, the hygiene standards are absolutely unacceptable. The maid cleaned the room every day with an understanding of hygiene and cleaning, and did not forget to change all the sheets, duvet cover and towels every three days. The staff tries to do their best, but hygiene and cleanliness are very poor. The 3 star hotel I stayed in before was better, their hygiene was crap, I bought towels on the first day, they were stained with blood, there were no sockets at the bedside, the beds were sunken and the walls were stained. Especially in terms of hygiene, zero cutlery, tablecloths, when cleaning the buffet, they drop paper napkins on the floor and pick them up. Yorum: Almost everything in the hotel costs extra money, this is the first time I hear about a hotel where Wi-Fi is paid, the rooms are not well maintained, some parts are broken, the hygiene of the hotel is not good! The hygiene of the hotel was much more attentive than it should have been. Hygiene is poor. There is no hygiene in the hotel and the employees. There is a small hygiene issue, but I think it was a perfect value for money hotel. It would be great if the hotel paid some attention to hygiene and the appearance of the food, rather than the taste of the food or whether or not there is meat. Maybe this doesn't happen to others, but I thought I'd say it anyway.*** Rooms and hygiene: when we first entered, our room had a better view than we expected, and they had positioned us in a strategic location close to the hotel, and we didn't ask for that :) it was very close to everywhere. We didn't wait with the window open, but if we opened it even for a moment, they were packed :( This is where the hygiene problem begins. Regarding cleanliness, there was always a bad smell in the entrance hall and a lot of flies in the restaurant!!! Yorum: We were assured of a very clean hotel, top notch with lots of charm, with every comfort! The sea is like a specially designed swimming pool, it is beautifully clean and there are no waves thanks to the mountain. Housekeeper Gülhan YÜKSEL cleaned our room spotlessly every day and our room smelled great, thank you. It smelled like garbage and the tables and chairs were sticky, like they hadn't been cleaned in ages. A clean and tidy hotel surrounded by nature with a magnificent view. Yorum: When I booked this hotel, I felt that the rooms were modern, spacious and clean. The rooms are old but clean! Our room was clean and we always had hot water. Then there is cleanliness. It's like no one here has ever heard of cleaning. First of all, the rooms are really old, neglected and not clean! The cleaning of the room left a lot to be desired: the floor was simply mopped, the bed was not always properly made, you had to go and change the towels yourself. A very big disadvantage is the zero level of knowledge of Russian and English among the staff (especially cleaning and security staff). In principle, the restaurant was clean and tasty. Beach The beach was relatively clean, with sand and a good sunset. BUT a lot of garbage floated in the sea for 2 days in a row (we found a syringe, a tampon, a toothbrush and much more - a very unpleasant sight) After this situation, they pretended to clean the sea, but the remains of garbage sometimes arrived in the evening. I think the warmth and cleanliness of the sea is pleasant. My expectations were not high - clean and tasty food, but unfortunately they were not met :(. Dirty and smelly - The Turks in the restaurant did not always clean the tables after the guests, placing the cutlery on dirty tablecloths. The sea is very clean. When we argued about a new room, it was already clean. I don't know if we were unlucky with the first one and they are all clean, or if you have to specifically ask for a clean room. Rooms are cleaned daily. Unfortunately there was no trace of cleanliness in the accommodation. The room was only cleaned after about 3 days, or rather the towels were just replaced, - generally very dirty - everywhere. - clean beach, but small, neglected, old and dirty sun loungers. We preferred the pool upstairs, it was cleaner, but going up there was also death. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. Cleaning is insufficient. The rooms are very clean but their furniture and design are old. They are very good at cleaning. Even the toilets in the open spaces are clean. The maid cleaned the room every day with an understanding of hygiene and cleaning, and did not forget to change all the sheets, duvet cover and towels every three days. Cleanliness 0. It was very spacious and clean. Unfortunately, the floor was not cleaned regularly or too thoroughly. Clean, pleasant hotel. The cleaning of the rooms was good, but the air conditioner works very loudly and you can't sleep, and when you turn it off it gets hot. The staff tries to do their best, but hygiene and cleanliness are very poor. the room itself, it was clean and cleaned everyday, we could live there, we had a balcony with sea view, so ok if anyone expected luxury here they came to the wrong hotel. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. - Room: Cleaning was delayed by 2 days, the reason was the days when there were many people coming and going, even though the cleaning button was on. Swimming pool: It is really clean, well maintained and very large. Hotel cleanliness: SUPER! Pros: - beautiful scenery, excellent food and catering staff, playgrounds, coniferous forest with hammocks, mini zoo (chickens, geese), cleanliness in public toilets. The room is clean, new air conditioning, bathroom ok. The beach is indeed not perfect in terms of cleanliness. The rooms are clean and cleaned regularly. I wonder when it will be cleaned! Yorum: The room is clean and there is no problem with cleaning. The bathroom was worse: plaster was falling from the ceiling, there was fungus, and the ventilation had probably never been cleaned. The rooms are very poorly cleaned, once they even left 1€ to at least sweep the floor, but no one came that day🥲. It was a clean two-part room with a nice view.. YouTube music using the phone's internet, the connection kept getting lost, the animation team coming from outside was ruining the show, so to speak, the audience was laughing at the situation the hotel was in, they were supporting the animation team with applause to boost their morale, it was a good thing for humanity 👏 the cleaning of the rooms was good, I won't comment because I don't have much contact with the staff, but they work in the service sector, how happy they can be, 80 percent. The family room is beautiful, the rooms were cleaned daily, the air conditioners worked great. The pool is clean, the sea is beautiful, close to the rooms, non-swimmers have a little trouble entering from the edge. The cleaning staff is a joke, they clean the floor with a dry mop, make the bed and that's it, you have to ring the bell to get towels and toilet paper. Especially in terms of hygiene, zero cutlery, tablecloths, when cleaning the buffet, they drop paper napkins on the floor and pick them up. use the hotel location well, it has a very nice area, cleanliness, education, landscaping, ultra all inclusive system, apply it properly and do not use plastic, you will get better quality. Yorum: 2+2 vacation, rooms not modern but clean, cleaned every day. Rooms are cleaned daily. The room was not very clean and not as you would expect in a 5 star hotel room. The housekeeping is not clean, they are supposed to clean the room but they only change the sheets and leave, I think it is because of its location, but bugs come out everywhere, even our car has bugs. Room cleaning is not sufficient. There is also no environmental cleaning. There is virtually no cleaning and no advice will help you. Come to dinner either at the beginning or after an hour (at the most there will be many uncleaned tables) because 10 minutes before the doors open there is already a crowd of people, I have never encountered anything like it in Turkey. There is a keeper at the upper pool and he works hard to keep it clean. The room is smaller, the furniture is old, but it is well maintained and clean, the bathroom is also ok. Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. Our room is cleaned daily and the cleaning team is really nice. The sandy beach is a big plus, the water is clean. The sea is beautiful, clean and sandy. The food is not bad The pool is big and clean The staff is adequate and helpful The rooms are constantly cleaned There is animation available pool side. Also, the animation team was very nice, the cleaning staff, the bellboy Veysel and the transfer agent Cemil were very good, thank you, but because of such misfortunes I would not even do it. I felt sorry for the cleaning ladies. Yorum: The rooms are a bit old but clean. Purity Unfortunately, there was no cleanliness! In the photo I will attach the room already cleaned and, according to them, clean towels. When it comes to cleaning the room, only the garbage is removed. The waiters were very nice and as we learned they don't even get food, they work on an empty stomach, I personally saw a waiter hiding behind a waiter, taking a banana while he was cleaning. The resort itself was clean and there was plenty to do. The cleaning of the room was really insufficient, the towels were not changed even though we asked for it and the balcony was always infested with ants. Yorum: The location is just great, from this height there are beautiful views, the hotels are comfortable, everything you need is there, the rooms are clean! In general, regarding the cleanliness of the rooms and the attempts to scam the guides and staff, it is not even worth mentioning (it goes without saying)... you expect to pay a total of 3,000 euros for a decent room with decent amenities and a clean floor and balcony; however, once you reach the room, you will see a small ant infestation that you will have to dig out of your ears at night (maybe because if you don't tip those nasty room attendants, they will never bother to clean the floor). Yorum: One of the 2 cleaning ladies was so rude that even though she was supposed to put 3 bath towels in the room for 3 people, one was missing. Cleanliness in the restaurant... They clean the room, but the hotel in general is dirty. Although the hotel's location and green spaces are nice, we think a little more attention should be paid to the cleanliness and comfort of the rooms. The pools and beach were nice but could have been cleaner and better maintained. The rooms were comfortable and very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Views: 5 Food: 4+ Service: 5 Rooms: 4+ (room at the very top, numbered from 900) Room cleaning: 2+ (despite daily tips, the room was very poorly cleaned, the floor was dirty, the sink was very dirty once, the sheets and towels were obviously replaced once, usually poorly) Entertainment: 3 - if you like it, it's very poor here, despite the nice people. The room cleaning was done in a clumsy manner, but I didn't even come as Elena Letuchaya to check🤭! Initially we were given a room that was not cleaned and had bugs in it. However, if someone wants to spend their vacation in clean conditions and using a decent all-inclusive package, I definitely do not recommend this establishment. It was a great holiday surrounded by nature, the food, entertainment and room cleaning were very good. The rooms are not cleaned at all, towels and bedding are not changed. The beach is not cleaned. The food is good and varied, the beach is clean, there is entertainment! It was very clean, the rooms were cleaned every day, like the first day. Yorum: After a week I can say that the location is great, the views are beautiful and unforgettable 😍 our first vacation, the rooms could have been cleaner, but it was still not bad :D the overall service was excellent 😁🏝️ I consider my first vacation in my life a success 🌴🏝️ 157. Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. The most incomprehensible thing is, for example, that the towels in the rooms change every day, I used the same towel for 3 days, but there were no problems with cleaning the room, they cleaned very well. The downsides were the cleanliness of the beer bar and the cleanliness of the beach. Yorum: Staff: Friendly and helpful Lobby staff: Troubleshoots and is willing to help Plates: If you search, you will find clean plates. Sea: When it is wavy it gets really dirty, but if the weather is nice the sea is flat, clean and at the perfect temperature. As soon as we entered the room, the smell of cleaning products hit our noses and we thought that we must not have experienced what we feared. Our sister had cleaned it as much as she could before entering the room. The towels and sheets were clean. The beach was like building sand, there was sand under the pool, they came in as if they were coming from the sea, cleaning it. Rooms 3 points, very clean and without comfort, old and to regulate In terms of service, the restaurant food is average hotel food, it does not have much taste, but there is a lot of variety. During the 10 days of our stay, they never changed the towels, the cleaning is such that you have to walk around with shoes, because otherwise the whole sole is black. On the positive side, the territory is beautiful and large, the beach for children is great, the sea is clean and warm, there are enough sun loungers, the Internet on the beach is well caught. Cons: The rooms are a bit poor, the bed is also not very clean, there were only 2 towels for 5 people in the room. The housekeeper cleaned twice in 7 days and once on instructions.

Rating for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 7.2
Total number of comments for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): 61
All results text for Baby-Friendly Holiday (0-2 Years): We said it seemed like a climb and they said they would give us a room accordingly, but when we arrived it was not like that at all, we were literally miserable with the child, it took us half an hour each time to get in and out of the stroller, and it was extremely tiring in hot weather. Absolutely not suitable for families with strollers and young children, unless you are an active athlete. As a family we were very happy with our week's vacation. If you are a family with children, do not go there. For a hotel that claims to be a family resort, the hygiene standards are absolutely unacceptable. Initially we were given a room at the highest point of the hotel, but after some negotiation, as well as the step of the administrator offering a "family room" (additional payment of $150), we were given a room next to the reception. Many people complain about it, but we and our family have fond memories of it. Yorum: When I came to comment I read some reviews and I was surprised to be honest, we have been choosing this hotel with my family for years. As for the sea, I don't prefer it much because I have allergies, but I can say that my family doesn't go to the sea. Yorum: The negative aspects I observed for a week of family vacation: - Food: very bad and lack of tables. Drinks: Good Garden: Great This is a nice hotel as a family hotel. We were here as a family and had a great time. Yorum: We stayed as a family in early August. Hasan and his family take care of all men and women and you will not regret it. Yorum: The first day we came here with my family and from the first day they showed how serious it was. We were a family of 4... (Addition: The day we arrived at my house, we could not sleep because of my family's earaches due to the infection caused by the swimming pool. Yorum: A week ago, two families stayed 5 nights in this hotel, all the negative comments are completely true, the only good thing is that we had no problems checking in and out, and luckily there was no standard room available, so they gave us a family room. woe to you if you have to walk from point to point because there is no flat space in the hotel 🤤 there is still a lot to write but for now these comments are enough, I read most of them before leaving but I thought how bad it could be after all, it is a hotel worth its price of course but I did not expect so much, after all, as a family of 4 we paid thirty thousand TL for 5 nights, we are tourists! The family room is beautiful, the rooms were cleaned daily, the air conditioners worked great. The entertainment is as good as it can be in a family hotel. Yorum: We spent our holidays in July with our family, the location of the hotel is actually on a cliff, the views are very beautiful, the land is very large and it is suitable for those who like to walk a lot, because to get to the beach and back you have to go up and down. It is mainly a tourist hotel, but it is a family hotel. My family and I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Yorum: My family and I were very satisfied with this hotel. The other family members were unable to join us. Ayşe who helped us at the reception, we were a lucky family for the location of the room, we were given a room close to the main swimming pool and … 174. The second option is for a large family to live in a house here. The working children are like gold, they all work as hard as they can, I have talked to many of them, some of them are our brothers from the East who came abroad, some of them are studying at university. If you are a family with children, do not go there. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. Every day there was a disco and children's shows, which, unfortunately, were often repeated in their design and could not always be called interesting. Cover your children's ears :) Friends, you can use bad words among yourselves. When we booked our holiday we asked if the hotel was suitable for us, especially as we had children and a pushchair. (What happened to me the day I entered the hotel) Since he didn't say "Can I have pizza" and I politely asked for pizza in Turkish, I told my 10 and 9 year old children at the beach bar service in the evening that "M…. The friend who wrote "", who is Western (!) and whose native language is English (!), did not bring pizza to my children. The lack of ice cream service is a disadvantage for families with children. The pool is inadequate, the water park disappointed the children, it has nothing to do with the photos. Another drawback is that the pool closes early in the evening and many children are eager to swim. There is a children's room with games and miniclub television. All holidaymakers with children pass through here. We thought we would have a hard time with our 2 children. I do not recommend it for parents of young children due to the large number of stairs and up/down movements. Yorum: Hello; I stayed with 3 adults and 2 children from June 15 to 20, 2024. There were very few attractions for children, there was a playground and a games room straight from the Polish People's Republic, but there were no animators for children. The swimming pool needs maintenance, especially the main one and the small one for children. People smoke everywhere without worrying about the presence of children. Interesting location, hilly area, so the hotel is not suitable for families with children, which is certainly a plus for some people. Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. The dishes are varied, there is an entertainment program for children and adults. Every evening there are interesting activities for children and adults). The service was also satisfactory, at the reception there was a group of children who made fun of you on everything you said and interrupted you while you were talking and never took complaints seriously (because they have many). And he listened very well, so don't hesitate to raise your voice to these children at reception. Mini disco for children - same music every day and very loud) Plus paid internet and attractions for children. The animators have organized many attractions for children and adults. Absolutely not suitable for families with strollers and young children, unless you are an active athlete. Because the heat and the burden (carrying things to the water + children on shoulders/in arms) will take their toll. Yorum: First of all, I do not recommend people with children, babies and elderly people to come. On the positive side, the territory is beautiful and large, the beach for children is great, the sea is clean and warm, there are enough sun loungers, the Internet on the beach is well caught. The slides were open twice a day for 2 hours each, which was not enough for the children, there were no lifeguards anywhere. Yorum: Overall, a good standard and good value for money, although there were some flaws, for example: entertainment = practically the same songs every night (including many Russian songs) for children and adults, or a fire/fakir show organized by the house.

Rating for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 7.2
Total number of comments for Family Holiday (2-10 years): 61
All results text for Family Holiday (2-10 years): As a family we were very happy with our week's vacation. If you are a family with children, do not go there. For a hotel that claims to be a family resort, the hygiene standards are absolutely unacceptable. Initially we were given a room at the highest point of the hotel, but after some negotiation, as well as the step of the administrator offering a "family room" (additional payment of $150), we were given a room next to the reception. Many people complain about it, but we and our family have fond memories of it. Yorum: When I came to comment I read some reviews and I was surprised to be honest, we have been choosing this hotel with my family for years. As for the sea, I don't prefer it much because I have allergies, but I can say that my family doesn't go to the sea. Yorum: The negative aspects I observed for a week of family vacation: - Food: very bad and lack of tables. Drinks: Good Garden: Great This is a nice hotel as a family hotel. We were here as a family and had a great time. Yorum: We stayed as a family in early August. Hasan and his family take care of all men and women and you will not regret it. Yorum: The first day we came here with my family and from the first day they showed how serious it was. We were a family of 4... (Addition: The day we arrived at my house, we could not sleep because of my family's earaches due to the infection caused by the swimming pool. Yorum: A week ago, two families stayed 5 nights in this hotel, all the negative comments are completely true, the only good thing is that we had no problems checking in and out, and luckily there was no standard room available, so they gave us a family room. woe to you if you have to walk from point to point because there is no flat space in the hotel 🤤 there is still a lot to write but for now these comments are enough, I read most of them before leaving but I thought how bad it could be after all, it is a hotel worth its price of course but I did not expect so much, after all, as a family of 4 we paid thirty thousand TL for 5 nights, we are tourists! The family room is beautiful, the rooms were cleaned daily, the air conditioners worked great. The entertainment is as good as it can be in a family hotel. Yorum: We spent our holidays in July with our family, the location of the hotel is actually on a cliff, the views are very beautiful, the land is very large and it is suitable for those who like to walk a lot, because to get to the beach and back you have to go up and down. It is mainly a tourist hotel, but it is a family hotel. My family and I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Yorum: My family and I were very satisfied with this hotel. The other family members were unable to join us. Ayşe who helped us at the reception, we were a lucky family for the location of the room, we were given a room close to the main swimming pool and … 174. The second option is for a large family to live in a house here. If your kids get wind of it, you'll be flying between the sea and the pool, it'll be annoying :) it's a shame they turn it off. I didn't see any animation, but they did something with the kids in the pool! The working children are like gold, they all work as hard as they can, I have talked to many of them, some of them are our brothers from the East who came abroad, some of them are studying at university. If you are a family with children, do not go there. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. Every day there was a disco and children's shows, which, unfortunately, were often repeated in their design and could not always be called interesting. Cover your children's ears :) Friends, you can use bad words among yourselves. When we booked our holiday we asked if the hotel was suitable for us, especially as we had children and a pushchair. (What happened to me the day I entered the hotel) Since he didn't say "Can I have pizza" and I politely asked for pizza in Turkish, I told my 10 and 9 year old children at the beach bar service in the evening that "M…. The friend who wrote "", who is Western (!) and whose native language is English (!), did not bring pizza to my children. The lack of ice cream service is a disadvantage for families with children. The pool is inadequate, the water park disappointed the children, it has nothing to do with the photos. Another drawback is that the pool closes early in the evening and many children are eager to swim. There is a children's room with games and miniclub television. All holidaymakers with children pass through here. We thought we would have a hard time with our 2 children. I do not recommend it for parents of young children due to the large number of stairs and up/down movements. Yorum: Hello; I stayed with 3 adults and 2 children from June 15 to 20, 2024. There were very few attractions for children, there was a playground and a games room straight from the Polish People's Republic, but there were no animators for children. The swimming pool needs maintenance, especially the main one and the small one for children. People smoke everywhere without worrying about the presence of children. Interesting location, hilly area, so the hotel is not suitable for families with children, which is certainly a plus for some people. Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. The dishes are varied, there is an entertainment program for children and adults. Every evening there are interesting activities for children and adults). The service was also satisfactory, at the reception there was a group of children who made fun of you on everything you said and interrupted you while you were talking and never took complaints seriously (because they have many). And he listened very well, so don't hesitate to raise your voice to these children at reception. Mini disco for children - same music every day and very loud) Plus paid internet and attractions for children. The animators have organized many attractions for children and adults. Absolutely not suitable for families with strollers and young children, unless you are an active athlete. Because the heat and the burden (carrying things to the water + children on shoulders/in arms) will take their toll. Yorum: First of all, I do not recommend people with children, babies and elderly people to come. On the positive side, the territory is beautiful and large, the beach for children is great, the sea is clean and warm, there are enough sun loungers, the Internet on the beach is well caught. The slides were open twice a day for 2 hours each, which was not enough for the children, there were no lifeguards anywhere. Yorum: Overall, a good standard and good value for money, although there were some flaws, for example: entertainment = practically the same songs every night (including many Russian songs) for children and adults, or a fire/fakir show organized by the house.

Rating for Spa and Wellness: 8.2
Total number of comments for Spa and Wellness: 31
All results text for Spa and Wellness: You can travel by minibus, route: reception - SPA Center - beach (according to timetables). but I wouldn't be persuaded to go to the spa again... The spa was relaxing and perfect for unwinding after a long day. There are many attractions on the extensive grounds, including a spa and sauna. We came to the SPA on the recommendation of a young man, Andrzej, who speaks Polish very well. The spa was also rather poor and the prices were like in Germany. -it's worth going for a massage for an extra fee because it's wonderful. I would go back just to get a massage and walk the leafy streets. I don't know what people are so fond of, it's the "hyena" that recruits from the morning at the Spa, and once there, you can't resist the offer of a massage. They invent diseases just to come and get a massage. Bathing in a Turkish bath with a massage is a wonderful experience that is definitely worth a visit. I warn everyone against massages. I paid a lot of money and got cheated on the 4th massage. The best is the first massage where Andrzej, who speaks Polish, invites you, then after the massage he invites you into the room where a pseudo doctor comes who has never seen you and tells you that it is just water in your body and that you have spinal problems and massages are needed hahhahaha. Andrzej sells these massages and persuades you to take advantage of them. After 1 massage, the following ones focus on quantity and not quality. He didn't give money for a massage that wasn't done. I do not recommend massages. (They actually deserve 5 stars) The massage recommended by Andrzej - FANTASTIC - you have to try it because it is definitely worth it. My wife took advantage of the massage package. He recommended me hammam massages and I have to admit it was definitely worth it, an incredible experience. A nice bonus is the hammam with sauna. There are many attractions on the extensive grounds, including a spa and sauna. There were only 5 nights, but they were very unbearable, because we did not feel comfort and relaxation. Service Immediately after check-in (8:00am) we were given wristbands and sent to breakfast (more for the treatments). I recommend the Turkish bath, but do all the complementary treatments in Poland. I came here for 12 hours, I am a guest, the treatment I received was not nice at all, I will not choose this place again for sure. Unless you have a health problem, you will burn off what you eat. A nice bonus is the hammam with sauna. We did not visit the local hammam, it costs 40 b., they take you from the hotel to the city hammam for 20 b., however, if you come yourself on the bus of line 50, it is already 10 b. He recommended me hammam massages and I have to admit it was definitely worth it, an incredible experience.

Rating for Party Experience: 6.1
Total number of comments for Party Experience: 18
All results text for Party Experience: Midweek there is a foam party at the pool near the restaurant, and daily water exercises accompanied by music (music plays all the time from 10am to around 5-7pm). Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. There was too much debauchery at this party 93. And if you don't pay or see the guy getting the money from a nightclub, you can't party ANYWHERE. The music at the pool is extremely loud, but that may also be a matter of preference. Midweek there is a foam party at the pool near the restaurant, and daily water exercises accompanied by music (music plays all the time from 10am to around 5-7pm). It's worth taking earplugs as there is music until late at night. YouTube music using the phone's internet, the connection kept getting lost, the animation team coming from outside was ruining the show, so to speak, the audience was laughing at the situation the hotel was in, they were supporting the animation team with applause to boost their morale, it was a good thing for humanity 👏 the cleaning of the rooms was good, I won't comment because I don't have much contact with the staff, but they work in the service sector, how happy they can be, 80 percent. There is music for 12 hours outside by the lower pool. Yorum: It's a place that plays extremely loud music until midnight, disturbing those of us staying at the hotel next door. The food is pretty good, there are no slides, music plays all day. Mini disco for children - same music every day and very loud) Plus paid internet and attractions for children. and go down 161 steps to the sea, the rooms were horrible, the bathrooms were horrible, there was a hotel below, there was always activity, music and entertainment every day. The bad thing is the discos in Gelendzhik with music, 90% and 50% drunk Russian guests, who also come with their speakers with Kirkorov, etc.)) The most disgusting cheap cocktails you can think of and with a queue of 20 people for 1 bartender (I'm not exaggerating). The only thing missing from the hotel is that there is no music, including background music in the evening. Walking down to the beach from the hillside sea view rooms, waiting for the safari bus that runs every half hour, going up and down the stairs or the adjacent hill may be difficult for some, but it was not a problem for me. Other people from different stations take over the "club" which is a DJ with an IPOD and a flashlight for effects, located at your station, which is pathetic of them. Darts, water polo, dancing, water polo.

Rating for Special Menu: 7.7
Total number of comments for Special Menu: 9
All results text for Special Menu: From now on, I will plan my vacation and make my reservations at the hotel where the staff is located who prepare these meals and welcome us with great kindness. If we talk about meals, you won't be hungry, but you won't be full either. I found it a bit ridiculous that restaurant meals were called open buffet, or table d'hôte, almost every day the same main course or its derivative, sugar-free desserts that didn't even change their location. *Meals; I mean, it's God's blessing, but I've never seen such bad food in any hotel. The criterion is as follows: as the density of accommodation in a place of accommodation increases, the enthusiasm of the employees of the approved company increases in parallel with the taste and flavor of its meals and the care taken in its offerings. so when I read these strange opinions and this great discontent, I wonder what others have at home and how many meals they take, for example for breakfast or dinner, that they are not enough and always bad.... people staying at the hotel were Russians and Poles, don't expect red meat in the meals, there is only turkey, we would have been hungry without the pizza, burgers on the beach and chicken doner in the aqua pool. As for meals, the choice is very wide. Between the basic meals, pizzas, pasta, kebabs, etc.

Rating for Honeymoon: 8.9
Total number of comments for Honeymoon: 7
All results text for Honeymoon: We bought this for our honeymoon, what a shame. Yorum: We stayed in the honeymoon concept for 5 days. Large complex with two swimming pools and a private beach. Hotel advantages: Private beach Food at the beach bar - even good (Burger, fries, pizza). As for the advantages: - the location of the hotel; on a hill, beautiful view of the sea, private beach but very small. The seaside is beautiful, like a private bay. The hotel has a private beach.

Rating for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 7.2
Total number of comments for Comfortable Sleep Experience: 6
All results text for Comfortable Sleep Experience: Yorum: Truly an admirable and warm place thanks to an excellent welcome (I salute the best receptionist Yaşar kaçmaz), a terrace with an exceptional view, perfect equipment and bedding. The rooms are not cleaned at all, towels and bedding are not changed. White linen, hard mattress - a good bed. There are deckchairs with mattresses under the awnings. There were only 5 nights, but they were very unbearable, because we did not feel comfort and relaxation. However I can suggest that the lady who was the bar manager be a little calmer, she was a little nervous and didn't treat the employees very well, we didn't like that at all.

Rating for Sports Facilities: 9.3
Total number of comments for Sports Facilities: 6
All results text for Sports Facilities: Every walk is a form of fitness, from hill to hill. It's not about fitness, but about the challenge of walking along them to the beach and back (photo 7}. The stairs to the hotel beach were awesome and require some basic fitness. Zip line, adventure park, tennis, basketball, ping pong, swimming pool, games room are all extra. There are many things that can be mentioned here, for example we asked about tennis rackets for 3 days and each day we were told that "they will be here tomorrow" - we did not live to see that "tomorrow". Zip line, adventure park, tennis, basketball, ping pong, swimming pool, games room are all extra.

Rating for Pet-Friendly: 10.0
Total number of comments for Pet-Friendly: 4
All results text for Pet-Friendly: There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. Cats are everywhere. There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. There are cats roaming the property, which we love.

Rating for Adults-Only Holiday: 6.3
Total number of comments for Adults-Only Holiday: 1
All results text for Adults-Only Holiday: There were only 5 nights, but they were very unbearable, because we did not feel comfort and relaxation.

