Otel İsmi: Titanic Mardan Palace

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.5
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 258
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: A positive thing is the very attentive and friendly staff, who immediately offered us a room upgrade without asking because of our baby, as the standard rooms are apparently small. Very willing, kind staff! The staff were very pleasant and we would like to give special mention to the bar staff in the lobby area and Yilmaz who works in the hotel dining room. We've been here for a week now and in all that time we haven't seen a single person from the staff who didn't smile at us. The staff is polite, friendly and positive. Sometimes the tables were not served and the staff could have been more attentive and friendly. Most of the staff are so unwelcoming and very rude. When we arrived at the hotel early in the morning, we were warmly welcomed by the friendly staff and settled in our room around noon. The rooms were clean and the staff friendly. The staff are all very pleasant. The service staff could be a little more attentive and friendly. Comment: The hotel provides a great welcome, champagne and friendly staff upon arrival. The staff is friendly and caring. Comment: The best hotel, the staff solves all problems, requests and wishes in seconds. he is simply the best of the best❤️ Our family would like to thank the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. We are very pleased with the attention and care of the hotel staff. All the staff provided the best service I have ever seen. Our first time on vacation, we were greeted by very friendly staff upon arrival. The service is mostly very good, there are staff who obviously lack either training or perhaps enthusiasm, but they generally take good care of you. Comment: The staff is very helpful, they do everything to help you. The rooms are cleaned daily and the fridges are stocked daily Premium drinks are available which are taken by the skate bar staff The pool is huge and spacious sabrina helped us book our La cart restaurant and went out of her way to help us with a few things. The hotel staff are trying hard and it is clear that renovation is needed. Ordering drinks at the pool was a challenge - staff seemed demotivated and even rude at times. The service is also of the same standard: the staff is always attentive and helpful. On the beach, the beach is also five-star ☝️👍 the staff is excellent, almost everyone speaks or understands Russian 🖐👌 I recommend a 7-star hotel on this beach 🔥 56. I would especially like to note the professionalism of the staff and their concern for the safety and comfort of the young people. I was able to enjoy my vacation with peace of mind, knowing that my children were under the close supervision of experienced staff. I wish your hotels and hotel staff further success and continued success! Of course, we choose this hotel every year because of the friendliness of the staff and the delicious food. We would like to thank the staff and the Animator Esra who takes great care of us every time we visit. the staff is extremely nice and helpful, actually anticipating needs just by... All staff members are polite, helpful and very kind. The staff is extremely professional and attentive, making every guest feel special. The staff caters to all needs. Poolside bar staff come on roller skates and take your order so you never have to leave your seat. The restaurants are all of the highest standard and all the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. Comment: The service and attention of the staff from the entrance to the exit was very kind, but we are glad that a very friendly and caring lady helped a lot, I would like to say a special thank you. The staff is friendly and the food is delicious. Comment: The hotel was very nice, the service and the staff were very nice. The hotel staff are spotless, clean constantly and work hard to provide excellent service. Yorum: It was a real pleasure to stay in this beautiful, majestic hotel with very good food and friendly staff. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The guest relations staff were understanding and solution-oriented. The smiling faces and helpfulness of the staff made me feel very comfortable. Very varied food in the buffet, well-kept yard and nice staff! All staff were very friendly and helpful. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff and the services it offers. Comment: The hotel is simply amazing service and top notch staff. , friendly staff at every stage of interaction with the guest. We would like to thank all the staff for our wonderful vacation, both children and adults were very satisfied, we will definitely return to TITANIC MARDAN PALACE. The reception staff were very friendly but we found many of the staff in the bars to be cold and rude. Slow service and rude staff really let this hotel down. We love this hotel, the staff is nice, the staff is not so attentive, but we still come and recommend to the guest assistant, Timur, also a decision. The staff is very respectful, caring and very friendly. The staff are very friendly and every imaginable facility is top quality 104. The rooms are clean and the staff is very nice and polite. The entertainment was great, especially the shows, the staff were very good. Hüseyin at the Main Restaurant, all the staff at the Mykonos Restaurant and the cat-friendly chefs (for their sensitivity to kitties) for their honesty and interest. The staff and animators take very good care of the guests. We were very pleased with some of the staff and activities. However, there were also grumpy, unhelpful staff. Comment: I came to this hotel 3 years ago, I paid 6k for all inclusive for 2 adults and 3 children, it was worth it at that time because the hotel was the best, but now they almost beat the price because the staff doesn't care about anyone. Comment: The service level of the hotel and the friendliness of its staff can never be disputed! The location is amazing, the rooms are extremely nice and clean, daily cleaning and change of towels and bed linen, the staff is incredibly polite. Your communication skills are very good - especially the staff working in such big hotels should have this skill very well. I was especially pleased with the staff's attention to the safety of teenagers and their control over what was happening. Dileck was amazing with them, I have to mention another member of staff Esra who was a superstar and a real credit to the kids club team, I felt my kids were safe, stimulated and comfortable while we were able to enjoy the rest for the adults. Overall we had a pleasant holiday, the resort was clean, the tables were never left with plates, the staff were efficient, friendly and happy to help with anything you needed. I am happy as always) the rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the selection is wide, the staff is wonderful, they even clean the glasses! It was amazing service and staff. Ah yes, the room cleaning and the very friendly staff also made our vacation fabulous! I want to write about the "Teenage club" very nice and cool game machines, table football, two billiards, many board games, two Playstation 5 with discs and a bar I also wanted to say about the staff that they are very nice and smiling and always help, thank you Alina Zarina and Rana, and there is also a soccer coach, Charlie, and he looks a lot like Cristiano Ronaldo 142. Comment: I can say that it was a wonderful week at mardan palace, everything was so good, the food was so delicious and the staff was so friendly and hospitable even for Iranian visitors. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. The Stella snack restaurant was delicious, the staff again very friendly. The staff here really make this place paradise. As soon as you enter the lobby, you can feel the warm atmosphere, enhanced by the friendly and courteous staff. The staff was always helpful and ready to answer all questions and fulfill all requests. Complicated but understandable with the help of the staff. The staff were very friendly, especially the guest assistant Sabrina who was very helpful. The staff member was very supportive and friendly. There are plenty of staff everywhere and they are very attentive. Comment: A positive thing is the very attentive and friendly staff, who immediately offered us a room upgrade without asking because of our baby, as the standard rooms are apparently small. When we arrived at the hotel early in the morning, we were warmly welcomed by the friendly staff and settled in our room around noon. Comment: The hotel provides a great welcome, champagne and friendly staff upon arrival. Our first time on vacation, we were greeted by very friendly staff upon arrival. Yorum: It was a real pleasure to stay in this beautiful, majestic hotel with very good food and friendly staff. , friendly staff at every stage of interaction with the guest. Ah yes, the room cleaning and the very friendly staff also made our vacation fabulous! The employees are always helpful. Comment: The staff is very helpful, they do everything to help you. The service is also of the same standard: the staff is always attentive and helpful. the staff is extremely nice and helpful, actually anticipating needs just by... All staff members are polite, helpful and very kind. The restaurants are all of the highest standard and all the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The smiling faces and helpfulness of the staff made me feel very comfortable. All staff were very friendly and helpful. The private help was very useful and helpful, they helped me with every little question uz. Our guest assistants Faryar and Maschid were so friendly and helpful. Dilek, Seda and Esra, Yana and Yagmur were very helpful. However, there were also grumpy, unhelpful staff. We would like to thank Kaan from the Team for his interest, he was very helpful. I would also like to mention the very helpful and caring work of receptionist Olga. The staff was always helpful and ready to answer all questions and fulfill all requests. The staff were very friendly, especially the guest assistant Sabrina who was very helpful. Comment: A positive thing is the very attentive and friendly staff, who immediately offered us a room upgrade without asking because of our baby, as the standard rooms are apparently small. Very willing, kind staff! The staff were very pleasant and we would like to give special mention to the bar staff in the lobby area and Yilmaz who works in the hotel dining room. We've been here for a week now and in all that time we haven't seen a single person from the staff who didn't smile at us. The staff is polite, friendly and positive. Sometimes the tables were not served and the staff could have been more attentive and friendly. Most of the staff are so unwelcoming and very rude. When we arrived at the hotel early in the morning, we were warmly welcomed by the friendly staff and settled in our room around noon. The rooms were clean and the staff friendly. The staff are all very pleasant. The service staff could be a little more attentive and friendly. Comment: The hotel provides a great welcome, champagne and friendly staff upon arrival. The staff is friendly and caring. Comment: The best hotel, the staff solves all problems, requests and wishes in seconds. he is simply the best of the best❤️ Our family would like to thank the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. We are very pleased with the attention and care of the hotel staff. All the staff provided the best service I have ever seen. Our first time on vacation, we were greeted by very friendly staff upon arrival. The service is mostly very good, there are staff who obviously lack either training or perhaps enthusiasm, but they generally take good care of you. Comment: The staff is very helpful, they do everything to help you. The rooms are cleaned daily and the fridges are stocked daily Premium drinks are available which are taken by the skate bar staff The pool is huge and spacious sabrina helped us book our La cart restaurant and went out of her way to help us with a few things. The hotel staff are trying hard and it is clear that renovation is needed. Ordering drinks at the pool was a challenge - staff seemed demotivated and even rude at times. The service is also of the same standard: the staff is always attentive and helpful. On the beach, the beach is also five-star ☝️👍 the staff is excellent, almost everyone speaks or understands Russian 🖐👌 I recommend a 7-star hotel on this beach 🔥 56. I would especially like to note the professionalism of the staff and their concern for the safety and comfort of the young people. I was able to enjoy my vacation with peace of mind, knowing that my children were under the close supervision of experienced staff. I wish your hotels and hotel staff further success and continued success! Of course, we choose this hotel every year because of the friendliness of the staff and the delicious food. We would like to thank the staff and the Animator Esra who takes great care of us every time we visit. the staff is extremely nice and helpful, actually anticipating needs just by... All staff members are polite, helpful and very kind. The staff is extremely professional and attentive, making every guest feel special. The staff caters to all needs. Poolside bar staff come on roller skates and take your order so you never have to leave your seat. The restaurants are all of the highest standard and all the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. Comment: The service and attention of the staff from the entrance to the exit was very kind, but we are glad that a very friendly and caring lady helped a lot, I would like to say a special thank you. The staff is friendly and the food is delicious. Comment: The hotel was very nice, the service and the staff were very nice. The hotel staff are spotless, clean constantly and work hard to provide excellent service. Yorum: It was a real pleasure to stay in this beautiful, majestic hotel with very good food and friendly staff. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The guest relations staff were understanding and solution-oriented. The smiling faces and helpfulness of the staff made me feel very comfortable. Very varied food in the buffet, well-kept yard and nice staff! All staff were very friendly and helpful. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff and the services it offers. Comment: The hotel is simply amazing service and top notch staff. , friendly staff at every stage of interaction with the guest. We would like to thank all the staff for our wonderful vacation, both children and adults were very satisfied, we will definitely return to TITANIC MARDAN PALACE. The reception staff were very friendly but we found many of the staff in the bars to be cold and rude. Slow service and rude staff really let this hotel down. We love this hotel, the staff is nice, the staff is not so attentive, but we still come and recommend to the guest assistant, Timur, also a decision. The staff is very respectful, caring and very friendly. The staff are very friendly and every imaginable facility is top quality 104. The rooms are clean and the staff is very nice and polite. The entertainment was great, especially the shows, the staff were very good. Hüseyin at the Main Restaurant, all the staff at the Mykonos Restaurant and the cat-friendly chefs (for their sensitivity to kitties) for their honesty and interest. The staff and animators take very good care of the guests. We were very pleased with some of the staff and activities. However, there were also grumpy, unhelpful staff. Comment: I came to this hotel 3 years ago, I paid 6k for all inclusive for 2 adults and 3 children, it was worth it at that time because the hotel was the best, but now they almost beat the price because the staff doesn't care about anyone. Comment: The service level of the hotel and the friendliness of its staff can never be disputed! The location is amazing, the rooms are extremely nice and clean, daily cleaning and change of towels and bed linen, the staff is incredibly polite. Your communication skills are very good - especially the staff working in such big hotels should have this skill very well. I was especially pleased with the staff's attention to the safety of teenagers and their control over what was happening. Dileck was amazing with them, I have to mention another member of staff Esra who was a superstar and a real credit to the kids club team, I felt my kids were safe, stimulated and comfortable while we were able to enjoy the rest for the adults. Overall we had a pleasant holiday, the resort was clean, the tables were never left with plates, the staff were efficient, friendly and happy to help with anything you needed. I am happy as always) the rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the selection is wide, the staff is wonderful, they even clean the glasses! It was amazing service and staff. Ah yes, the room cleaning and the very friendly staff also made our vacation fabulous! I want to write about the "Teenage club" very nice and cool game machines, table football, two billiards, many board games, two Playstation 5 with discs and a bar I also wanted to say about the staff that they are very nice and smiling and always help, thank you Alina Zarina and Rana, and there is also a soccer coach, Charlie, and he looks a lot like Cristiano Ronaldo 142. Comment: I can say that it was a wonderful week at mardan palace, everything was so good, the food was so delicious and the staff was so friendly and hospitable even for Iranian visitors. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. The Stella snack restaurant was delicious, the staff again very friendly. The staff here really make this place paradise. As soon as you enter the lobby, you can feel the warm atmosphere, enhanced by the friendly and courteous staff. The staff was always helpful and ready to answer all questions and fulfill all requests. Complicated but understandable with the help of the staff. The staff were very friendly, especially the guest assistant Sabrina who was very helpful. The staff member was very supportive and friendly. There are plenty of staff everywhere and they are very attentive. We were satisfied with the excellent service. The cozy rooms, the impeccable service and the stunning view from the windows create an atmosphere of complete relaxation. Comment: I give 2 points only for the service at Xbanna, I am ready to give 5, the hotel is a Mardan relic, service 0 points, arrogant and stupid!!! The service was fantastic as was the selection of drinks and food. Great service and great food in the restaurants. I liked everything, food, drinks, beach, service. We were satisfied with the quality of the service. Comment: This is a very nice and decent hotel with food, kids club, restaurant services and huge spa. The service staff could be a little more attentive and friendly. The food in the main restaurant is very tasty and the service is also good. The service is great, the activities are interesting, I would like to see more and at different times, there were times when I wanted to visit both, but the time was the same. All the staff provided the best service I have ever seen. Luxury, pleasure and professional service throughout the hotel. The service is mostly very good, there are staff who obviously lack either training or perhaps enthusiasm, but they generally take good care of you. Comment: There were cockroaches in the Tower restaurant and the service was very unfriendly. I liked everything, good food, excellent service in the restaurants and on the beach, excellent concierge service. Quality from the rooms to the food and entertainment.||What stood out was the service and politeness throughout the hotel, except for the usual bartender in the night show area.||The … 50. The service is also of the same standard: the staff is always attentive and helpful. The fact that she is a woman, more than a person working in the service sector, has a disgusting attitude, talks to me without restraint, claims that she is the highest ranking person in the hotel and stubbornly does not let me meet anyone. My experience at the hotel was unforgettable due to the cozy atmosphere and attentive service. I can confidently recommend the Titanic Mardan Palace hotel and their teen club to everyone who appreciates the quality of service, varied entertainment and family safety. Everything is at the highest level, the service, the food is delicious and varied, the service in the hotel and on the beach, the playground, we liked everything and decided to come again next year and recommend the hotel to our close friends and relatives! His friendly nature makes him an asset to the guest service. Each dish is extremely delicious, service and service are at the highest level. The service is also excellent! Special thanks to Miss Sabrina, whose kindness and exceptional service really stood out, ensuring a memorable stay. Very good service. The service, quality of food, entertainment and overall experience has declined to such an extent that I will never recommend this hotel again and my friends staying at Maxx Royal will never return. Comment: The service and attention of the staff from the entrance to the exit was very kind, but we are glad that a very friendly and caring lady helped a lot, I would like to say a special thank you. Comment: The hotel was very nice, the service and the staff were very nice. Very kind service. The hotel staff are spotless, clean constantly and work hard to provide excellent service. The hotel uses a quality service approach. Highly recommend, great service, drinks and food. The taste of the food, the atmosphere and the service really exceeded my expectations. the lady in the room service is very good and skilled and understands her job. The activities and services offered specifically for children are excellent … 90. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff and the services it offers. Comment: The hotel is simply amazing service and top notch staff. The cocktails are first class, the service impeccable. Comment: Amazing service, clean, luxurious and very comfortable. Yorum: We would like to thank the hotel and the service provided in the hotel. Comment: Slow service in all bars, slow service on the Bosphorus, cocktails not very impressive and side dishes often missed. Slow service and rude staff really let this hotel down. Breakfast service was a total disaster. We couldn't use the hotel's services in 5 days, but even the day wasn't enough :). Comment: Great rooms and service, amazing hotel with amazing all inclusive. The service is generally good and friendly. The service is excellent, I haven't seen this in a long time. Comment: The hotel is amazing with high quality outdoor furniture |Food is excellent and varied ||Sabrina's welcome was fantastic ||The improvement is still on the service.|The buffet restaurant service is difficult and slow, few … 111. The food, the service, the rooms are impeccable. The service here is really professional. The service is also very good. Comment: We rested from 07/09-09/24 Excellent, nice hotel, food 5+, especially sweet, nice rooms, good cleaning, excellent service. they are friendly, they know their jobs well: in the Bosphorous-Gul restaurant, in the Stella-Mehmed restaurant and in the Samagat pool service. Comment: The service level of the hotel and the friendliness of its staff can never be disputed! I was particularly pleased with the food and service. Husaeyn and his team were fabulous and provided excellent service the several times we ate there. Food, service, room cleaning was great. The service, food and drinks are of a very high standard. Comment: Very nice hotel It was a very nice holiday and the service was very good The food was more than good The events are very many and wonderful 🌚 Good choice for a festive meal Finally:- Welcome Professor Sabrina 🌚👋 138. It was amazing service and staff. Luxury, pleasure and professional service throughout the hotel. Great service. One of the highlights of my stay was the animation service. The service is good, especially in the lobby and by the pool. The service was first class. The ladies Faryar and Mahshid from guest services were very friendly and patiently answered all our questions. Comment: I really liked the hotel because of the high-quality service and delicious food. From now on, I want to stay here every summer, and I discussed with my friend that we should use the wonderful and perfect service next year as well.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 9.8
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 91
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Finally, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to ETS TUR and the hotel management for hosting us in a wonderful room like the "Presidential Suite" and providing us with wonderful accommodation even though we were given a family room. My family and I were very happy to come to this hotel. he is simply the best of the best❤️ Our family would like to thank the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. As someone who often goes to Antalya on vacation with his family, I can say that this was the most luxurious hotel we have ever stayed at. Comment: This is a wonderful hotel for a family vacation. We went there with my family 2 years ago. I can confidently recommend the Titanic Mardan Palace hotel and their teen club to everyone who appreciates the quality of service, varied entertainment and family safety. Yorum: Thank you very much for the warm welcome, we came with a big family from Kazakhstan and we were glad that we chose your hotel because we like to relax here! Comment: A wonderful environment where you can spend a family vacation. We were very satisfied with my family, if you want to feel at home, of course Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel🧡 65. Yoga and pilates classes were simply wonderful, I enjoyed going every morning) The whole family played darts, which I really liked, played water polo, volleyball and boccia (all the animators were positive, it was pleasant to talk with them, enthusiastic, in general the time passed interestingly and I didn't realize how quickly 21 days passed). What a great experience and I will definitely be back with my family. Yorum: It was nice to be here with my family! We stayed in a family room on the 4th floor. Comment: My family and I had a great vacation at the hotel. Comment: We came to the hotel for the first time and had a great time as a family. Comment: My family and I arrived at the Titanic Mardan Palace, we are already very satisfied!) The food in the restaurant is delightful, delicious and varied every day! In the last days of our stay, a large family of about 20 people arrived, who felt very uncomfortable and somehow took over the entire hotel, which the hotel itself could not do anything about. Yorum: I came here with my family and had a great time. This was a last minute holiday, a family of 4 were looking for a chilled pool holiday and it provided exactly that. Comment: My family and I came to this hotel for the second time! Comment: We spent a very pleasant vacation with our family in your hotel. Comment: We can accommodate a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 children. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. My family had the best time during their stay in August 2024, everything we could have wanted for a perfect vacation. We had a family room which was perfect for the three of us, very elegantly decorated. I hope to visit again next year and maybe bring more family. We had a great family vacation. Comment: This is a very nice and decent hotel with food, kids club, restaurant services and huge spa. Lots of fun for kids and adults alike. There is a bowling alley, and the children's animation will keep the kids busy! I attended the mini kids club disco and the daily activities are very entertaining for the kids and I hope Beyonce or other celebrities like Arianna Grande Biillie Eilish come to this hotel. the kids games are amazing the kids club is very nice and the activities are very nice above it is excellent if there is more i have given the price correctly but god almighty he deserves all the money he is asking me your eyes are closed and god willing i will visit again . Fantastic kids club. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children, including one of the best kids' clubs we've ever been to (and we've had a lot of them) - a separate area with its own show programs that don't overlap with adult events. There is also a very good kids club, the girls are animators who love their work. The tiny kids club was very good. The only down side is that the entertainment went down a bit, but the kids club is also the best we've seen. We have had various experiences with the Kids-Club. They have a lot of different pools but it takes a while to get to the kids pool and everyone on the beach is scammed so please avoid them. This is the first time we have used the kids club, our 8 year old twins loved it, it was enough to keep them occupied when the sun came out in the afternoon, the art and ceramics workshops were amazing. Dileck was amazing with them, I have to mention another member of staff Esra who was a superstar and a real credit to the kids club team, I felt my kids were safe, stimulated and comfortable while we were able to enjoy the rest for the adults. The water park served its purpose, but I feel that on any future trip here, my kids will want bigger slides than the nearby resorts. My son who is 4 years old really enjoyed the kids facilities. Special thanks to Tini Kids Club, especially Diana in the Art Studio for helping my daughter develop her painting skills! We were never bored with the kids, a friendly animation team, full of disco and activities. We spent most of our time at the mini-discos and the evening shows in the kids' club. It has everything to keep the kids entertained and is extremely comfortable. Comment: This is a very nice and decent hotel with food, kids club, restaurant services and huge spa. I attended the mini kids club disco and the daily activities are very entertaining for the kids and I hope Beyonce or other celebrities like Arianna Grande Biillie Eilish come to this hotel. the kids games are amazing the kids club is very nice and the activities are very nice above it is excellent if there is more i have given the price correctly but god almighty he deserves all the money he is asking me your eyes are closed and god willing i will visit again . Fantastic kids club. There is also a very good kids club, the girls are animators who love their work. The tiny kids club was very good. The only down side is that the entertainment went down a bit, but the kids club is also the best we've seen. This is the first time we have used the kids club, our 8 year old twins loved it, it was enough to keep them occupied when the sun came out in the afternoon, the art and ceramics workshops were amazing. Dileck was amazing with them, I have to mention another member of staff Esra who was a superstar and a real credit to the kids club team, I felt my kids were safe, stimulated and comfortable while we were able to enjoy the rest for the adults. Special thanks to Tini Kids Club, especially Diana in the Art Studio for helping my daughter develop her painting skills! Cleanliness, programs, children have everything they want. A must-see hotel in Antalya Extremely suitable, especially for families with children. The beach walk was quite long, which can be a bit tiring with children. There is a bowling alley, and the children's animation will keep the kids busy! from day one, there was no cot in the room, although it is clear whether guests arrive with children. I was able to enjoy my vacation with peace of mind, knowing that my children were under the close supervision of experienced staff. It is a very big pool and there is a small children's pool. There are plenty of activities for children. Shows for children and adults every evening. There is also something for the children to do, the children's club is very good! There are enough activities for everyone and a lot of attention is paid to the children. He is friendly and polite, you are lucky to have a hotel, the food is very nice and big, only the children can come and go in the sauna. The activities and services offered specifically for children are excellent … 90. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children, including one of the best kids' clubs we've ever been to (and we've had a lot of them) - a separate area with its own show programs that don't overlap with adult events. The children were very impressed by the animators Esra and Yana, who not only do their job, but also make the children happy to the maximum, the programs and master classes (pottery workshop, wood workshop, T-shirt painting) that the guys organized for the children. We would like to thank all the staff for our wonderful vacation, both children and adults were very satisfied, we will definitely return to TITANIC MARDAN PALACE. It has absolutely everything we need with amazing food and entertainment for the children. Especially for children. They have programs for children every night. We were very satisfied with everything, but the children were the happiest. For example, our children had a lot of fun with the ceramics and accessories. Comment: I came to this hotel 3 years ago, I paid 6k for all inclusive for 2 adults and 3 children, it was worth it at that time because the hotel was the best, but now they almost beat the price because the staff doesn't care about anyone. There is everything from morning gymnastics to evening mini discos and children's programs. My children were delighted with the variety of activities - from beach parties to exciting DJ parties. I was confident that my children were in good hands and that they could enjoy their vacation to the fullest. We had no problem with the sunbeds, plenty of choice after breakfast, especially at the cafe end of the pool, the waiters at the pool are brilliant, they looked after us every day and made a real fuss of our children who they loved, Mustafa in particular was excellent. The facilities for the children are wonderful! Comment: We can accommodate a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 children. Two soccer fields, a tennis court and a volleyball court, there are many places for different age groups, for example, for children 4-10 years old "Teen club" for children 11-16 years old "Teenage club" for over 18 years old "Mykonos club" many activities for everyone. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. In the children's club, fantastic rocket making, face painting, perfume making, car painting! This hotel has everything you need for a pleasant holiday, both adults and children will find something fun to do. He is friendly and polite, you are lucky to have a hotel, the food is very nice and big, only the children can come and go in the sauna.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 9.0
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 78
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The water park served its purpose, but I feel that on any future trip here, my kids will want bigger slides than the nearby resorts. Lots of fun for kids and adults alike. The pools are amazing, huge, we've never seen them this big. The pool is simply stunning!!! On the point, from the dispenser in the pool and beach and from the bottle in the lobby, and in the Shiller cafe, juices are available per portion and most people do not understand English. The water in the pool is a bit cold. Among these hotels, overall, Titanic Mardan ranks last in our preference, but it is a very good hotel, value for money compared to many hotels, but below the above mentioned, it has many positive aspects, such as Amon spa, white sand on the beach, rooms are luxurious, lobby is luxurious and unique, beautiful terrace, good food, comfortable chairs on the beach and in the pool, but at the point you don't really get to the water, who doesn't rent a cabin, except at the end. Good a la carte food at Stella and Savor, with excellent pizza, the best coffee in the hotels, excellent music at the pool, especially in the evening, and a dreamy atmosphere with lights and beautiful views, especially from the tower. | The pool tile falls and the … 13. The pool has many missing tiles in large areas around the pool a swim up bar and the Italian Ala Carte is rotten and into the pool … 14. Plus, the pool view, cabana options, beach, and entertainment were all very enjoyable. We were very happy that the hotel was big and there was no fight for places in the pool or by the sea. Yorum: Titanic Mardan Palace offers a magnificent palace atmosphere that embodies splendor and true luxury with its elegant design, where Seljuk and Ottoman architecture meets modern comfort, its central location decorated with works of art in every corner, large comfortable rooms to meet all needs, sumptuous views and large pool areas. Adults only must enter the dining room and pool. Why they insist on pumping club music around the pool for 9 hours a day I have no idea it's not necessary. The rooms are cleaned daily and the fridges are stocked daily Premium drinks are available which are taken by the skate bar staff The pool is huge and spacious sabrina helped us book our La cart restaurant and went out of her way to help us with a few things. Ordering drinks at the pool was a challenge - staff seemed demotivated and even rude at times. The neighborhood is beautiful with a swimming pool. Comment: Excellent hotel, clean, very chic, huge pools, clean warm water 👍, evening concerts, discos are great! It is a very big pool and there is a small children's pool. The place is so old, real mold in the pool, air conditioning in the rooms doesn't work. Amazing swimming pools, water parks, private beach. The pool is fantastic. Poolside bar staff come on roller skates and take your order so you never have to leave your seat. Probably the biggest swimming pools in Europe are here. The waiters are attentive and friendly, fast and attentive, the menu is wide, the pools are big and more than enough, the hotel is very big, a bit tiring, but that's a negative on the positive side :) 77. There were always sunbeds and the pool, plenty of towels for the sunbeds. The spa was so luxurious with beautiful pools, relaxation rooms and saunas. On the negative side, there was too much sand on the pool floor and we could see oils on the water. The cleaning of the pool could be better. The music playing in the pool is also terrible :) Other than that, the food, drinks, sunbeds and water sports were very good. There were also few competition and entertainment programs by the pool, and it would have been better to have more fun programs by the pool during the day. The rooms and pools are very good, I think the only shortcoming is that the lighting in the rooms is very weak and the connecting door of the silo rooms is not closed. Arda, Kuzey and Doğan at the Pool Bar, whose names I remember, Mr. The pools are large and refreshingly cold. They have a lot of different pools but it takes a while to get to the kids pool and everyone on the beach is scammed so please avoid them. The pools were huge, which is a plus because you don't have to stick directly to others. The sunbeds at the pool were also very clean and comfortable. they are friendly, they know their jobs well: in the Bosphorous-Gul restaurant, in the Stella-Mehmed restaurant and in the Samagat pool service. From the food to the hotel rooms and the pools, they were all very nice. The hotel is very nice, there are many decorative pools.. This was a last minute holiday, a family of 4 were looking for a chilled pool holiday and it provided exactly that. We stayed in a deluxe pool view room, it was more than big enough for 2 adults and 8 year old twins, the room was comfortable, nicely decorated and the amazing maid kept it clean before we even got back from breakfast. We had no problem with the sunbeds, plenty of choice after breakfast, especially at the cafe end of the pool, the waiters at the pool are brilliant, they looked after us every day and made a real fuss of our children who they loved, Mustafa in particular was excellent. The pool was missing tiles in several places, it didn't affect our stay and I'm sure it's a lot of work to replace them and we'll be doing it over the winter months, but it needs some TLC. The toilet in the hall and where the pool was was very dirty. Huge pool and next to the sea. The restaurant has very delicious food, especially "Stella snack" and "Mardan bistro" very nice rooms and villas, and most of the hotel is water, the spa has many pools, it is very cool and warm. Plenty of programs for adults, water polo, aqua spinning, trampoline jumping in the pool, darts. The pool party was like being in Ibiza, it was fantastic 👌 The evening shows are fun. The swim up pool bar was my favorite, the super bar man made the best cocktails! The pool and beach are well maintained and provide a perfect environment for relaxation. The pool is clean with plenty of sunbeds and the beach is only a short walk away with stunning views and crystal clear water. The room overlooks the pool, with evening sun. The service is good, especially in the lobby and by the pool. The water in the sea is about 1-2 degrees colder than in the neighboring hotels, because the mouth of the Lara River is right at the Titanic Mardan beach, although we did not feel any pollution. The water in the pool is a bit cold. Among these hotels, overall, Titanic Mardan ranks last in our preference, but it is a very good hotel, value for money compared to many hotels, but below the above mentioned, it has many positive aspects, such as Amon spa, white sand on the beach, rooms are luxurious, lobby is luxurious and unique, beautiful terrace, good food, comfortable chairs on the beach and in the pool, but at the point you don't really get to the water, who doesn't rent a cabin, except at the end. Access to the sea is not the best, the water is dirty. Comment: Excellent hotel, clean, very chic, huge pools, clean warm water 👍, evening concerts, discos are great! Yoga and pilates classes were simply wonderful, I enjoyed going every morning) The whole family played darts, which I really liked, played water polo, volleyball and boccia (all the animators were positive, it was pleasant to talk with them, enthusiastic, in general the time passed interestingly and I didn't realize how quickly 21 days passed). Amazing swimming pools, water parks, private beach. On the negative side, there was too much sand on the pool floor and we could see oils on the water. The music playing in the pool is also terrible :) Other than that, the food, drinks, sunbeds and water sports were very good. There is a large river nearby and the water is green if there are no waves bringing fresh water from the sea. We rented a tent on the pier during the day, we were there in July and the water was good. There were very nice activities, especially water polo, volleyball and soccer, I am thinking of coming again. The water park served its purpose, but I feel that on any future trip here, my kids will want bigger slides than the nearby resorts. The restaurant has very delicious food, especially "Stella snack" and "Mardan bistro" very nice rooms and villas, and most of the hotel is water, the spa has many pools, it is very cool and warm. water bars have many different Doritos drinks and salty chips. Plenty of programs for adults, water polo, aqua spinning, trampoline jumping in the pool, darts. The pool is clean with plenty of sunbeds and the beach is only a short walk away with stunning views and crystal clear water. The team organizes a range of activities, including volleyball, darts and water polo, which are great fun and a great opportunity to meet other guests. The neighborhood is beautiful with a swimming pool. Amazing swimming pools, water parks, private beach. Probably the biggest swimming pools in Europe are here. Poolside bar staff come on roller skates and take your order so you never have to leave your seat. Yorum: Titanic Mardan Palace offers a magnificent palace atmosphere that embodies splendor and true luxury with its elegant design, where Seljuk and Ottoman architecture meets modern comfort, its central location decorated with works of art in every corner, large comfortable rooms to meet all needs, sumptuous views and large pool areas.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 8.8
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 67
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: This is our first visit to the hotel, the transport is very good, it is centrally located. So you have to take a taxi to go shopping. However, you have to be careful not to be ripped off by taxi drivers. We have a great time and are constantly busy with both sports and entertainment. There is a bowling alley, and the children's animation will keep the kids busy! When we voiced our concerns, he essentially told us, "We have enough guests without you." As a businessman myself, I would heartily fire him for this kind of behavior. My daughter loved the cinema and arcades, although it would be worth getting a couple more as they can be busy at times. However, there is plenty to keep you busy and entertained. The service is mostly very good, there are staff who obviously lack either training or perhaps enthusiasm, but they generally take good care of you. The fact that she is a woman, more than a person working in the service sector, has a disgusting attitude, talks to me without restraint, claims that she is the highest ranking person in the hotel and stubbornly does not let me meet anyone. The location of the hotel is very convenient. Yorum: Titanic Mardan Palace offers a magnificent palace atmosphere that embodies splendor and true luxury with its elegant design, where Seljuk and Ottoman architecture meets modern comfort, its central location decorated with works of art in every corner, large comfortable rooms to meet all needs, sumptuous views and large pool areas. The location of the hotel was the most important thing for us. Comment: A very nice hotel in terms of its location and architecture. Comment: Titanic Mardan Palace is an impressive place not only with its sports facilities, but also with its location. The location is amazing, the rooms are extremely nice and clean, daily cleaning and change of towels and bed linen, the staff is incredibly polite. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. Comment: Nice room location. The location of the hotel is not very good as the shops are far away. There is a large river nearby and the water is green if there are no waves bringing fresh water from the sea. The water park served its purpose, but I feel that on any future trip here, my kids will want bigger slides than the nearby resorts. Yorum: Titanic Mardan Palace offers a magnificent palace atmosphere that embodies splendor and true luxury with its elegant design, where Seljuk and Ottoman architecture meets modern comfort, its central location decorated with works of art in every corner, large comfortable rooms to meet all needs, sumptuous views and large pool areas. Comment: This is our first visit to the hotel, the transport is very good, it is centrally located. The pool has many missing tiles in large areas around the pool a swim up bar and the Italian Ala Carte is rotten and into the pool … 14. The staff were very pleasant and we would like to give special mention to the bar staff in the lobby area and Yilmaz who works in the hotel dining room. An exact copy of the Maiden Tower was built, and the hotel was built on a large area. Yorum: Titanic Mardan Palace offers a magnificent palace atmosphere that embodies splendor and true luxury with its elegant design, where Seljuk and Ottoman architecture meets modern comfort, its central location decorated with works of art in every corner, large comfortable rooms to meet all needs, sumptuous views and large pool areas. The hotel is simply beautiful, big, the area is huge and beautiful. The area of ​​the hotel is large. Especially in the SPA area and the beef restaurant. The hotel area is very easy to navigate. Quality from the rooms to the food and entertainment.||What stood out was the service and politeness throughout the hotel, except for the usual bartender in the night show area.||The … 50. The only thing that spoiled the vacation was the fact that there were lots of hungry cats in the area. When choosing the hotel, I was guided by many positive reviews, so I knew that the hotel would not disappoint, but it exceeded all our expectations: a huge area, a lot of greenery, guest assistants who solve all problems as quickly as possible. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children, including one of the best kids' clubs we've ever been to (and we've had a lot of them) - a separate area with its own show programs that don't overlap with adult events. The visible areas were always clean, but the hidden areas (see pictures) from day one! Overall it was a pleasant stay, but there are plenty of hotels in the area that offer better value for money. The area where the performances take place is very poorly furnished. In general, the rooms and common areas of the hotel were clean. The toilets in the common areas were not cleaned... Especially in the SPA area and the beef restaurant. We booked a cabana on the beach for three days, it was very relaxing and it was great to have a nice shaded area for my daughter. We have been to many places in the world, but for us right now this place is in the first place. Great place! I have never been to a place where the place looks exactly like the pictures, if not better. If you want a relaxing stay with beautiful weather and a luxurious feel, this is the ideal place! We were very happy that the hotel was big and there was no fight for places in the pool or by the sea. Comment: We chose this hotel as the meeting place for our parents as we all live in different countries. Comment: We chose this hotel as the meeting place for our parents as we all live in different countries. Like Mardán, who didn't even bother to listen to his grandmother and ruined my vacation, I was very saddened that such a person was placed in this position in such a corporate place. Comment: The place is absolutely amazing and the last word is "terrible", they were of good quality and very fantastic and each dish is more distinct than the other with its dishes impressing more than the last. Comment: I don't understand why this place hasn't been sued for a scam like this before. The place is so old, real mold in the pool, air conditioning in the rooms doesn't work. This place makes you feel like you never want to leave. It was the perfect place to relax and unwind in a peaceful environment. Comment: It was a great experience for us, the food at the hotel was very good, especially the lasagna and baklava were excellent, far superior to many other places I have eaten. |I am a young man, 30 years old, and I wanted to shave my head, beard and ear hair.|Usually from 10€ to a maximum of 30€ in a luxury place. You can feel that you have arrived at a truly quality place. This is a beautiful and wonderful place. The area where the performances take place is very poorly furnished. Comment: Titanic Mardan Palace is an impressive place not only with its sports facilities, but also with its location. Comment: The Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel is the ideal place for an unforgettable vacation in luxurious conditions on the picturesque sea shore. I recommend this place to everyone who wants to spend time comfortably, safely and happily. The pool was missing tiles in several places, it didn't affect our stay and I'm sure it's a lot of work to replace them and we'll be doing it over the winter months, but it needs some TLC. Would recommend this place to everyone. Two soccer fields, a tennis court and a volleyball court, there are many places for different age groups, for example, for children 4-10 years old "Teen club" for children 11-16 years old "Teenage club" for over 18 years old "Mykonos club" many activities for everyone. The staff here really make this place paradise.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 9.8
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 62
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Finally, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to ETS TUR and the hotel management for hosting us in a wonderful room like the "Presidential Suite" and providing us with wonderful accommodation even though we were given a family room. My family and I were very happy to come to this hotel. he is simply the best of the best❤️ Our family would like to thank the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. As someone who often goes to Antalya on vacation with his family, I can say that this was the most luxurious hotel we have ever stayed at. Comment: This is a wonderful hotel for a family vacation. We went there with my family 2 years ago. I can confidently recommend the Titanic Mardan Palace hotel and their teen club to everyone who appreciates the quality of service, varied entertainment and family safety. Yorum: Thank you very much for the warm welcome, we came with a big family from Kazakhstan and we were glad that we chose your hotel because we like to relax here! Comment: A wonderful environment where you can spend a family vacation. We were very satisfied with my family, if you want to feel at home, of course Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel🧡 65. Yoga and pilates classes were simply wonderful, I enjoyed going every morning) The whole family played darts, which I really liked, played water polo, volleyball and boccia (all the animators were positive, it was pleasant to talk with them, enthusiastic, in general the time passed interestingly and I didn't realize how quickly 21 days passed). What a great experience and I will definitely be back with my family. Yorum: It was nice to be here with my family! We stayed in a family room on the 4th floor. Comment: My family and I had a great vacation at the hotel. Comment: We came to the hotel for the first time and had a great time as a family. Comment: My family and I arrived at the Titanic Mardan Palace, we are already very satisfied!) The food in the restaurant is delightful, delicious and varied every day! In the last days of our stay, a large family of about 20 people arrived, who felt very uncomfortable and somehow took over the entire hotel, which the hotel itself could not do anything about. Yorum: I came here with my family and had a great time. This was a last minute holiday, a family of 4 were looking for a chilled pool holiday and it provided exactly that. Comment: My family and I came to this hotel for the second time! Comment: We spent a very pleasant vacation with our family in your hotel. Comment: We can accommodate a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 children. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. My family had the best time during their stay in August 2024, everything we could have wanted for a perfect vacation. We had a family room which was perfect for the three of us, very elegantly decorated. I hope to visit again next year and maybe bring more family. We had a great family vacation. Comment: A positive thing is the very attentive and friendly staff, who immediately offered us a room upgrade without asking because of our baby, as the standard rooms are apparently small. Cleanliness, programs, children have everything they want. A must-see hotel in Antalya Extremely suitable, especially for families with children. The beach walk was quite long, which can be a bit tiring with children. There is a bowling alley, and the children's animation will keep the kids busy! from day one, there was no cot in the room, although it is clear whether guests arrive with children. I was able to enjoy my vacation with peace of mind, knowing that my children were under the close supervision of experienced staff. It is a very big pool and there is a small children's pool. There are plenty of activities for children. Shows for children and adults every evening. There is also something for the children to do, the children's club is very good! There are enough activities for everyone and a lot of attention is paid to the children. He is friendly and polite, you are lucky to have a hotel, the food is very nice and big, only the children can come and go in the sauna. The activities and services offered specifically for children are excellent … 90. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children, including one of the best kids' clubs we've ever been to (and we've had a lot of them) - a separate area with its own show programs that don't overlap with adult events. The children were very impressed by the animators Esra and Yana, who not only do their job, but also make the children happy to the maximum, the programs and master classes (pottery workshop, wood workshop, T-shirt painting) that the guys organized for the children. We would like to thank all the staff for our wonderful vacation, both children and adults were very satisfied, we will definitely return to TITANIC MARDAN PALACE. It has absolutely everything we need with amazing food and entertainment for the children. Especially for children. They have programs for children every night. We were very satisfied with everything, but the children were the happiest. For example, our children had a lot of fun with the ceramics and accessories. Comment: I came to this hotel 3 years ago, I paid 6k for all inclusive for 2 adults and 3 children, it was worth it at that time because the hotel was the best, but now they almost beat the price because the staff doesn't care about anyone. There is everything from morning gymnastics to evening mini discos and children's programs. My children were delighted with the variety of activities - from beach parties to exciting DJ parties. I was confident that my children were in good hands and that they could enjoy their vacation to the fullest. We had no problem with the sunbeds, plenty of choice after breakfast, especially at the cafe end of the pool, the waiters at the pool are brilliant, they looked after us every day and made a real fuss of our children who they loved, Mustafa in particular was excellent. The facilities for the children are wonderful! Comment: We can accommodate a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 children. Two soccer fields, a tennis court and a volleyball court, there are many places for different age groups, for example, for children 4-10 years old "Teen club" for children 11-16 years old "Teenage club" for over 18 years old "Mykonos club" many activities for everyone. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. In the children's club, fantastic rocket making, face painting, perfume making, car painting! This hotel has everything you need for a pleasant holiday, both adults and children will find something fun to do. He is friendly and polite, you are lucky to have a hotel, the food is very nice and big, only the children can come and go in the sauna.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.3
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 55
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: Cleanliness, programs, children have everything they want. At the same time, the atmosphere of comfort remains, cleanliness and care are present. The cleanliness of the cutlery was poor and for a hotel of this size the food selection is shockingly limited. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff and the services it offers. The cleanliness of the rooms also left a lot to be desired. The cleanliness here also leaves something to be desired. For 130 euros a day, I expect much better cleanliness. The cleanliness of the tables was also poor as they were not wiped down properly and those plastic mats were also not cleaned properly. The rooms were also fine, I have nothing to say about the cleanliness, except that they often forgot to change the towels. Cleanliness, programs, children have everything they want. They literally clean the room moderately, we stepped on the glass twice during our stay! The rooms were clean and the staff friendly. The room was beautifully cleaned and ready for an early check-in. The rooms are cleaned daily and the fridges are stocked daily Premium drinks are available which are taken by the skate bar staff The pool is huge and spacious sabrina helped us book our La cart restaurant and went out of her way to help us with a few things. At the same time, the atmosphere of comfort remains, cleanliness and care are present. The cleanliness of the cutlery was poor and for a hotel of this size the food selection is shockingly limited. The rooms are very clean and the entertainment is great. Comment: Excellent hotel, clean, very chic, huge pools, clean warm water 👍, evening concerts, discos are great! I was pleasantly surprised to see a man cleaning everyone's glasses. Everything is very clean. The rooms are large, clean and impressive. The hotel is very clean, the food is delicious and everything is well organized. The hotel staff are spotless, clean constantly and work hard to provide excellent service. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the hotel facilities greatly contributed to the enjoyment of our vacation. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff and the services it offers. Comment: Amazing service, clean, luxurious and very comfortable. Nice, clean and fun. The cleanliness of the rooms also left a lot to be desired. The visible areas were always clean, but the hidden areas (see pictures) from day one! The cleanliness here also leaves something to be desired. For 130 euros a day, I expect much better cleanliness. The cleaning of the pool could be better. It was very big and clean. The hotel is also very big and clean. The rooms are clean and the staff is very nice and polite. Our room is cleaned every day with clean linen and fresh drinks. The rooms are actually spacious and beautiful, but the room we stayed in the first night was not clean. The beach is small but clean and the sand is beautiful. The cleanliness of the tables was also poor as they were not wiped down properly and those plastic mats were also not cleaned properly. The rooms were also fine, I have nothing to say about the cleanliness, except that they often forgot to change the towels. The sunbeds at the pool were also very clean and comfortable. Comment: We rested from 07/09-09/24 Excellent, nice hotel, food 5+, especially sweet, nice rooms, good cleaning, excellent service. The location is amazing, the rooms are extremely nice and clean, daily cleaning and change of towels and bed linen, the staff is incredibly polite. We stayed in a deluxe pool view room, it was more than big enough for 2 adults and 8 year old twins, the room was comfortable, nicely decorated and the amazing maid kept it clean before we even got back from breakfast. Overall we had a pleasant holiday, the resort was clean, the tables were never left with plates, the staff were efficient, friendly and happy to help with anything you needed. I am happy as always) the rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the selection is wide, the staff is wonderful, they even clean the glasses! In general, the rooms and common areas of the hotel were clean. Food, service, room cleaning was great. The toilets in the common areas were not cleaned... Ah yes, the room cleaning and the very friendly staff also made our vacation fabulous! A big thank you to our amazing maid Baehan who works so hard, kept our room tidy and clean and even helped with the air conditioning. The pool is clean with plenty of sunbeds and the beach is only a short walk away with stunning views and crystal clear water. The hotel is clean and comfortable. The room and the cleaning were impeccable.

Kumsal için rating: 8.9
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 55
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: On the point, from the dispenser in the pool and beach and from the bottle in the lobby, and in the Shiller cafe, juices are available per portion and most people do not understand English. The water in the sea is about 1-2 degrees colder than in the neighboring hotels, because the mouth of the Lara River is right at the Titanic Mardan beach, although we did not feel any pollution. Sometimes I miss the music on the beach. Among these hotels, overall, Titanic Mardan ranks last in our preference, but it is a very good hotel, value for money compared to many hotels, but below the above mentioned, it has many positive aspects, such as Amon spa, white sand on the beach, rooms are luxurious, lobby is luxurious and unique, beautiful terrace, good food, comfortable chairs on the beach and in the pool, but at the point you don't really get to the water, who doesn't rent a cabin, except at the end. Served in crystal glasses, including on the beach, silver cutlery and fine crockery. Immaculate beach. What is missing is a restaurant on the beach with sofas and a DJ like Ela excellence or Calista, and this would be a concept worthy of Mardan Palace's reputation. Comment: The complex is very big, nice beach, but there are not enough sunbeds, which are booked right before breakfast. Plus, the pool view, cabana options, beach, and entertainment were all very enjoyable. I liked everything, food, drinks, beach, service. The only minus is that you have to walk 15 minutes from the beach to the reception on a very large and not very bumpy road. The beach walk was quite long, which can be a bit tiring with children. It's certainly perfect for couples or solo travelers, but families might want to consider a longer walk along the beach. Like all hotels, it has its drawbacks: for example, the beach is very small and cramped. I liked everything, good food, excellent service in the restaurants and on the beach, excellent concierge service. Beach Excellent. On the beach, the beach is also five-star ☝️👍 the staff is excellent, almost everyone speaks or understands Russian 🖐👌 I recommend a 7-star hotel on this beach 🔥 56. Everything is at the highest level, the service, the food is delicious and varied, the service in the hotel and on the beach, the playground, we liked everything and decided to come again next year and recommend the hotel to our close friends and relatives! Amazing swimming pools, water parks, private beach. It has its own beach. The beach is small but clean and the sand is beautiful. They have a lot of different pools but it takes a while to get to the kids pool and everyone on the beach is scammed so please avoid them. The beach was generally very nice, but there were too few sunbeds, which was very annoying. You can see that this hotel is trying to squeeze more money out of people's pockets as it is a strategy that rents out more of these beach houses. I would not like to come to this hotel again, just because of the position of the sunbeds on the beach. What I didn't like were the umbrellas on the beach that couldn't be closed, so you always had to move the deckchairs, which are very heavy, back and forth. My children were delighted with the variety of activities - from beach parties to exciting DJ parties. Comment: The bartenders on the beach act like relatives, they remember all our preferences from the first order. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. We booked a cabana on the beach for three days, it was very relaxing and it was great to have a nice shaded area for my daughter. The pool and beach are well maintained and provide a perfect environment for relaxation. The pool is clean with plenty of sunbeds and the beach is only a short walk away with stunning views and crystal clear water. Among these hotels, overall, Titanic Mardan ranks last in our preference, but it is a very good hotel, value for money compared to many hotels, but below the above mentioned, it has many positive aspects, such as Amon spa, white sand on the beach, rooms are luxurious, lobby is luxurious and unique, beautiful terrace, good food, comfortable chairs on the beach and in the pool, but at the point you don't really get to the water, who doesn't rent a cabin, except at the end. The sea and sand are beautiful and the bottom does not sink The hotel has a beautiful design, especially the palace design in the lobby. On the negative side, there was too much sand on the pool floor and we could see oils on the water. The beach is small but clean and the sand is beautiful. Pros: Location Nice sandy beach Quality and variety of food Sensitive staff The hotel is suitable for a quiet family holiday with children, there is a mini club which is so nice that we really like it. Comment: The Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel is the ideal place for an unforgettable vacation in luxurious conditions on the picturesque sea shore. The water in the sea is about 1-2 degrees colder than in the neighboring hotels, because the mouth of the Lara River is right at the Titanic Mardan beach, although we did not feel any pollution. We were very happy that the hotel was big and there was no fight for places in the pool or by the sea. The sea and sand are beautiful and the bottom does not sink The hotel has a beautiful design, especially the palace design in the lobby. Access to the sea is not the best, the water is dirty. Comment: Exceptional hospitality that seamlessly combines luxury and comfort. The sea is incomparable! The quality of the food is top notch - from fresh seafood to delicious desserts. Poolside bar staff come on roller skates and take your order so you never have to leave your seat. on the first floor, overlooking the sea. Yorum: In short, everything is great, but the sea sucks. There is a large river nearby and the water is green if there are no waves bringing fresh water from the sea. The restaurant always had good outdoor seating. It is questionable how it is during the whole high season, when there are even more guests in the hotel. Its sea view and luxurious atmosphere are ideal for relaxing and having a good time. Comment: The Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel is the ideal place for an unforgettable vacation in luxurious conditions on the picturesque sea shore. Huge pool and next to the sea. There is a large river nearby and the water is green if there are no waves bringing fresh water from the sea.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 8.8
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 23
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The pool party was like being in Ibiza, it was fantastic 👌 The evening shows are fun. If you like active relaxation and partying, you will love this hotel! Sometimes I miss the music on the beach. Very good tasting cakes, good 24 hour restaurant, but the quality of the menu is not the same as Ela's more varied Didiscoteca, with good music and beautiful shows. Good a la carte food at Stella and Savor, with excellent pizza, the best coffee in the hotels, excellent music at the pool, especially in the evening, and a dreamy atmosphere with lights and beautiful views, especially from the tower. We would like to say a special thank you to the animation girl Veronika, who created a very friendly and cheerful atmosphere in all the activities we attended, a wonderful program and I especially liked the live music. Why they insist on pumping club music around the pool for 9 hours a day I have no idea it's not necessary. Help with trips, tips for organizing leisure activities outside the hotel, extensive evening program, live music. The evening program is very good, there is live music and shows, a themed disco. He helped with excursions, gave advice on leisure activities outside the hotel, a wide evening program, live music. Now they just play music through a stereo system. The only downside is the nightclub as the music can't be beat at times as it's very heavy house and dance music, no known songs which meant people went home early and you couldn't really dance to it. The music playing in the pool is also terrible :) Other than that, the food, drinks, sunbeds and water sports were very good. I just found it really boring because there wasn't any decent music or anything like that. The music at the parties was always the same and bad. We also enjoyed the live music in the lobby, to be honest, it would be nice to have live music all day - it really lifts the mood. The steak restaurant, on the other hand, is excellent, its decoration, atmosphere and live music make the extra charge worth it. In the evening there are wonderful parties and performances with music and dancing. What is missing is a restaurant on the beach with sofas and a DJ like Ela excellence or Calista, and this would be a concept worthy of Mardan Palace's reputation. My children were delighted with the variety of activities - from beach parties to exciting DJ parties. In the evening there are wonderful parties and performances with music and dancing. Lots of fun activities for all ages. fun activities and good and cool animators!

Spa and Wellness için rating: 8.5
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 23
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Especially in the SPA area and the beef restaurant. The spa was so luxurious with beautiful pools, relaxation rooms and saunas. We visited the spa several times - Murat the spa salesman was great. Yorum: All MEN'S SPA MASSAGE THERAPY is very bad - unfortunately. Especially in the SPA area and the beef restaurant. The restaurant has very delicious food, especially "Stella snack" and "Mardan bistro" very nice rooms and villas, and most of the hotel is water, the spa has many pools, it is very cool and warm. I really enjoyed the spa and the teenage experience. The wellness department is also wonderful. Yorum: All MEN'S SPA MASSAGE THERAPY is very bad - unfortunately. He is friendly and polite, you are lucky to have a hotel, the food is very nice and big, only the children can come and go in the sauna. without their parents, and in the sauna, the heated stones must be covered with a board. The spa was so luxurious with beautiful pools, relaxation rooms and saunas. He is friendly and polite, you are lucky to have a hotel, the food is very nice and big, only the children can come and go in the sauna. The cozy rooms, the impeccable service and the stunning view from the windows create an atmosphere of complete relaxation. 10 days of pure relaxation. We came for the peace and relaxation that we got at the hotel 51. The spa was so luxurious with beautiful pools, relaxation rooms and saunas. 10 days of pure relaxation. The pool and beach are well maintained and provide a perfect environment for relaxation. Overall, my time at Titanic Mardan Palace was enjoyable and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a well-rounded vacation experience with plenty of activities and relaxation. If you like active relaxation and partying, you will love this hotel! There is no different treatment of Turks than foreigners in other hotels. Yorum: All MEN'S SPA MASSAGE THERAPY is very bad - unfortunately.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 9.8
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 17
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The evening shows were beautiful and pleasing to the eye. Comment: I wanted to give 3* for boring evening shows with amateur level African and Cuban dances. The evening shows and parties are great! The mini disco evening shows are very nice. Overall the best experience, excellent cocktails and evening shows. The pool party was like being in Ibiza, it was fantastic 👌 The evening shows are fun. We really enjoyed the food, desserts and evening shows at the hotel's main restaurant. We spent most of our time at the mini-discos and the evening shows in the kids' club. We would like to say a special thank you to the animation girl Veronika, who created a very friendly and cheerful atmosphere in all the activities we attended, a wonderful program and I especially liked the live music. Help with trips, tips for organizing leisure activities outside the hotel, extensive evening program, live music. The evening program is very good, there is live music and shows, a themed disco. He helped with excursions, gave advice on leisure activities outside the hotel, a wide evening program, live music. We also enjoyed the live music in the lobby, to be honest, it would be nice to have live music all day - it really lifts the mood. The steak restaurant, on the other hand, is excellent, its decoration, atmosphere and live music make the extra charge worth it. In the evening there are wonderful parties and performances with music and dancing. The area where the performances take place is very poorly furnished. In the evening there are wonderful parties and performances with music and dancing.

Spor Alanları için rating: 10.0
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 11
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: Titanic Mardan Palace is an impressive place not only with its sports facilities, but also with its location. The fitness room was great. The gym is super well equipped with machines, which is very rare! There is everything from morning gymnastics to evening mini discos and children's programs. The gym is well equipped but could open earlier as the early risers were a bit late at 8am. Yorum: We were in the hotel, everything was provided for an unforgettable vacation: tennis court, football and basketball court. The sports academy is excellent, the tennis courts and other ... Two soccer fields, a tennis court and a volleyball court, there are many places for different age groups, for example, for children 4-10 years old "Teen club" for children 11-16 years old "Teenage club" for over 18 years old "Mykonos club" many activities for everyone. Yorum: We were in the hotel, everything was provided for an unforgettable vacation: tennis court, football and basketball court. We rested in the villa, everything was great 👍🏻 I would especially highlight the hotel's animation and sports activities. The wellness department is also wonderful.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 10.0
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 9
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The rooms have wet bedding due to the high humidity, and the air conditioners cannot handle it. The cozy rooms, the impeccable service and the stunning view from the windows create an atmosphere of complete relaxation. 10 days of pure relaxation. We came for the peace and relaxation that we got at the hotel 51. The spa was so luxurious with beautiful pools, relaxation rooms and saunas. 10 days of pure relaxation. The pool and beach are well maintained and provide a perfect environment for relaxation. Overall, my time at Titanic Mardan Palace was enjoyable and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a well-rounded vacation experience with plenty of activities and relaxation. If you like active relaxation and partying, you will love this hotel!

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 10.0
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 9
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: It's certainly perfect for couples or solo travelers, but families might want to consider a longer walk along the beach. The cozy rooms, the impeccable service and the stunning view from the windows create an atmosphere of complete relaxation. 10 days of pure relaxation. We came for the peace and relaxation that we got at the hotel 51. The spa was so luxurious with beautiful pools, relaxation rooms and saunas. 10 days of pure relaxation. The pool and beach are well maintained and provide a perfect environment for relaxation. Overall, my time at Titanic Mardan Palace was enjoyable and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a well-rounded vacation experience with plenty of activities and relaxation. If you like active relaxation and partying, you will love this hotel!

Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için rating: 10.0
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Evcil Hayvanla Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: The only thing that spoiled the vacation was the fact that there were lots of hungry cats in the area. We fed them ourselves about the caring attitude towards animals, especially cats, in Turkey. I would like them to take this into consideration and take action on feeding and neutering stray cats.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 5.5
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: They have a lot of different pools but it takes a while to get to the kids pool and everyone on the beach is scammed so please avoid them. It is a very big pool and there is a small children's pool.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Amazing swimming pools, water parks, private beach. The private help was very useful and helpful, they helped me with every little question uz.

