Otel İsmi: Titanic Deluxe Lara

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Sadece Yetişkin Tatili', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 9.6
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 444
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The staff are friendly and cordial. The kids' clubs and entertainment, the food, and the pools were fab, and staff always rolled around, taking orders for drinks. All the staff are amazing and friendly. Very happy with staff and hotel will always consider coming back without hesitation. Fabulous staff. As for the staff, very friendly and went out of their way to make our holiday such a special one. Soft play, PlayStation room, lego room, face painting, sleeping area with cots/junior beds and staff very helpful. Staff are excellent with table service at all times 10. Staff and management are friendly and very helpful 😃. The staff are very good at managing and making sure your stay is nice and comfortable. Everyone is really friendly and the staff are extremely helpful. The staff are for most part smiling and welcoming. Staff are friendly and attentive, beach towels and beds freely available. All in all a lovely resort where the staff do everything they can to ensure you enjoy your stay. The staff were amazing, always polite and friendly. All the staff were friendly helpful and welcoming. Yorum: Fantastic hotel All Staff in this hotel are amazing people they go above and beyond for you. The hotel staff are very helpful and the buffet includes a good selection of food for vegetarians too. From start to finish we found everything fault less, excellent service from all the super friendly staff who could do enough to make your holiday more memorable. This hotel the first week was brilliant bar the rude staff at dinner. Have no complaints, fantastic staff so friendly. Staff is so friendly,food amazing, it's beautiful place. Service is perfect, staffs are helpful. Staff are hard working especially the female life guard at the slides and bar staff on roller blades. Yorum: The overall service of all staff members is fantastic. Staff, very helpful 👍.. Great guys, as are all the other staff members 38. The staff are not all friendly but welcoming, which you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Yorum: Amazing hotel and amazing staff, in fact the staff are what makes the hotel amazing!! The staff are lovely food is amazing and rooms are nice. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, fabulous staff, amazing food, excellent facilities. The staff were so helpful and kind, rooms were clean and well maintained. Yorum: Great experience and an outstanding service by the staff. Some staff are nice others not so. Amazing hotel, staff are brilliant, food & drinks are fantastic! The staff are so friendly and helpful 24 seven. So many staff on duty from cleaners to lifeguards. The 'all inclusive' is more than expected with bar staff skating about actively looking to provide drinks and snacks. Yorum: Beautiful hotel amazing services and friendly staff. Very attentive attitude of the staff. The staff is always ready to help and serve. Yorum: Wonderful place, With a very tasty and large variety of food, warm welcoming pleasant staff who help with questions or requests. Service is very good from all staff nothing is too much trouble. Staff have been very attentive, kind and helpful. Yorum: We are on our last day here but have had such a wonderful time here, the bar staff Ali on roller skates at the pool was so attentive! Staff have been great and the food amazing. The staff are super nice and the guest relation team are very helpful. Around the pool is very clean with the staff at the aqua bar never letting your drinks be empty. Food is lovely, with staff being very attentive. The food was delicious, the staff have been so accommodating & friendly. Incredibly clean and well looked after by the staff. Yorum: Absolutely amazing, staff super friendly, food devine and entertainment off the scale. The staff members within the hotel as well as by the pool ( serving drinks; Alperen) have been extraordinary! All the staff are so lovely & couldn't do more for you. The room staff is really helpful. Yorum: Excellent service by all staff. We have used cabanas 4 times and the staff are amazing. Yorum: Staff are super friendly and attentive. Yorum: 5* Can’t fault the service of the staff from front desk staff to the maids/bartenders. Visiting for my Birthday and the staff have gone above and beyond to ensure that we have the most amazing time. Pool - staff are incredible, nothing is too much for them to do. Staff and food are exceptional. The staff are really helpful, and attentive, they attend to your every need, nothing is too much for them. The attentive staff added to the overall experience, making me feel pampered and well taken care of. It would have been appreciated if the hotel staff intervened to maintain a more peaceful and enjoyable environment for all guests. Another minor downside was the demeanor of the reception staff. Yorum: Amazing resort, great attentive staff and super quality food and drinks. Beach cabanas are the best and great views with private staff on hand. Exceptionally clean, food was lovely, staff very friendly they could not do enough for you the waiter even played football with my grandson. Yorum: Really beautiful hotel with friend helpful staff. Yorum: Wonderful hotel with fantastic staff and excellent quality. Staff arre wonderful and extremely helpful. The staff are lovely and can’t do enough to help. Comment: Lovely place staff great. Yorum: Love this place, food is fantastic, plenty of choice for even the fussiest people, staff are so helpful and friendly, can’t do enough to help you. The staff are so attentive and there is so much to do. Staff are very helpful at all times 90. Hotel staff cannot do enough for you. Clean and friendly staff, rooms are cleaned daily. Staff go out their way to make your holiday one to remember. The bar staff are excellent and constantly bringing you drinks in roller skates. Yorum: Great hotel with the most amazing facilities, staff are super friendly and helpful , food is high quality with lots to choose from. Restaurant staff is amazing especially two workers in 16 plus zone guys than you a lot! The staff from checking in to checking out were extremely helpful and pleasant, this includes staff in the restaurants to their cleaners and bar staff really helpful with anything that we wanted. Staff, food, drinks excellent. The staff were hospitable and kind. Staff have all been friendly. The staff at the Koala club are very friendly and caring. The staff are very friendly and the whole resort is clean. Food & staff are amazing 110. Yorum: We found this to be a great hotel the staff are great and very hard working! The cleaning staff also work very hard hotel is spotless! Yorum: We had an excellent trip where nothing was too much for the staff. Thank you to all the staff! The sun loungers are very comfortable, the staff are so attentive and always ask if you’re okay or want a drink. The hotel staff are wonderful, the beach is lovely and entire experience is 100%. Service was impeccable constantly refilling drinks etc, staff was super polite and always welcoming. However you can not fault the staff. The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). Staff is very kind and they need to be paid very well. Staff are attentive and friendly. Yorum: Brilliant hotel and amazing staff. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. staff food and service outstanding .. hotel lovely and clean staff always at hand to keep the place tidy. Very friendly staff, nice food and facilities. The staff in the kids club are so friendly and welcoming especially the man who runs the football. Yorum: Lovely hotel, brilliant food, guest relations Zubaida Yasmin very helpful and polite 5 star service, staff very helpful, rooms are cleaned daily, I would recommend this hotel. Staff are great!! Yorum: Staff are amazing cleaners and waitresses. Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!! I hope they are paying all their staff well because the staff was absolutely fantastic. The location the staff the weather is all superb. The staff are very helpful and always smiling. Nice staff in kids club. Yorum: The staff is very friendly and helpful. Staff are super friendly, they can’t do enough for you. Most staff are great but the ones who go that extra mile really stand out especially the entertainment team including Angela and Nergiz who have made us feel welcome also have to mention AliKo from the bar team & the cleaning team too as they are ever so friendly despite the language barrier. Yorum: Staff very nice ( especially Veronika) , wide selection of food, entertainment for everyone, animation team very friendly, cabanas were very relaxing, good music in club. The cocktails are amazing and the staff are so friendly! Food is delicious and staff always encourage us so get involved in the games which have been a lot of fun! The staff are great and so welcoming. Furkan was one of the staff and he was lovely and made us feel very welcome! Lovely staff and a great location. Yorum: The hotel is absolutely beautiful the staff are amazing the food entertainment is absolutely great!! Yorum: The staff is great. The staff are so friendly and can't do enough for you. Yorum: Staff very attentive lovely hotel and resort. Place very clean staff lovely. Yorum: Staff very friendly & couldn’t do enough for us as we celebrate our Golden wedding anniversary. Comfortable beds, cleaning staff do an excellent job. Beach beds & beach staff work hard to make our holiday oerfect. Staff very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Moreover, their attention to detail is commendable, the resort is always kept in an immaculate condition, the cleaning crew and domestic staff are working throughout the day to keep the place spotless. All the staff is very friendly and cooperative, they welcome you with a great smile regardless of how many times you bother them. Staff are always happy to help also easy to book activities like bowling, spa. It has everything for every age…Food, drinks, pools, beach, great staff, activities. All staff work incredibly hard all day long and the resort is absolutely spotless. The level of the service you would receive is so random and there is no consistency and each staff would treat you differently depending on their mood, attitude or obviously if you tip (which I tested it myself). There was a huge short of staff and terrible attitude, we had to clean the tables ourselves most of the time, and if you had asked for something, it’d be either forgotten or served after ages. I started tipping some of the staff and their attitude changed totally. Yorum: It is are 2nd day and the staff, night time staff & food staff have been fabulous they go over and beyond for you. Comment: Great staff and service. Reception staff and restaurant staff were amazing at helping me with my allergies and advising me on what I can and can’t eat and what everything was made with. From the resort, rooms and all of the staff we have had a magical stay and will definitely be returning. The staff make it as fun as possible!!! The bar staff, the waiters on roller skates were so helpful and happy. Lovely staff and very friendly and helpful. Yorum: SAFETY AT THIS HOTEL IS AN ISSUE SEE THE PICTURES Food is brilliant, pools are great and the entertainment is some of the best I have seen, however some of the staff are rude and we have been on the end of a personal attack regarding our children. Some of the reception staff also need to learn to smile. Majority of staff are great but in hospitality you can't go slagging children off because of the speed of throwing a bowling ball. Friendly staff, always happy to help. Yorum: My experience of the titanic has been amazing from the food to the kids club, all of the bar staff are so helpful. all the staff have been extremely kind and helpful. Delicious food, helpful staff, cleanliness, amazing evening show. The staff are so kind and generous, loads of space to play and relax. True customer services!!! Murad and his team are amazing, great customer service 97. Customer Services are arranging to ensure that my needs are catered for. From start to finish we found everything fault less, excellent service from all the super friendly staff who could do enough to make your holiday more memorable. Yorum: Beautiful hotel amazing services and friendly staff. Clean and friendly staff, rooms are cleaned daily. Very friendly staff, nice food and facilities. Friendly staff, always happy to help. Soft play, PlayStation room, lego room, face painting, sleeping area with cots/junior beds and staff very helpful. Staff and management are friendly and very helpful 😃. Everyone is really friendly and the staff are extremely helpful. All the staff were friendly helpful and welcoming. The hotel staff are very helpful and the buffet includes a good selection of food for vegetarians too. Service is perfect, staffs are helpful. Staff, very helpful 👍.. The staff were so helpful and kind, rooms were clean and well maintained. The lady at the guest relations has been very helpful in sorting out food for our 2 yr old baby. The staff are so friendly and helpful 24 seven. The team is friendly and helpful. Staff have been very attentive, kind and helpful. The staff are super nice and the guest relation team are very helpful. The team are so helpful and attentive & can not be faulted. The room staff is really helpful. The staff are really helpful, and attentive, they attend to your every need, nothing is too much for them. Yorum: Really beautiful hotel with friend helpful staff. Staff arre wonderful and extremely helpful. Yorum: Love this place, food is fantastic, plenty of choice for even the fussiest people, staff are so helpful and friendly, can’t do enough to help you. We visited the cabanas on the pier and it was fantastic from start to finish, didn’t catch the waiters name but he was so helpful and constantly asking if we needed anything, drinks, food etc. Staff are very helpful at all times 90. Yorum: Great hotel with the most amazing facilities, staff are super friendly and helpful , food is high quality with lots to choose from. Everything is nice and everyone is so helpful! The staff from checking in to checking out were extremely helpful and pleasant, this includes staff in the restaurants to their cleaners and bar staff really helpful with anything that we wanted. Zuzu is extremely helpful. Yorum: We had a great holiday lots to do for the kids and Adults very clean and Adnan in the kids club was very helpful. Yorum: Lovely hotel, brilliant food, guest relations Zubaida Yasmin very helpful and polite 5 star service, staff very helpful, rooms are cleaned daily, I would recommend this hotel. The guest relations team are so helpful!! Big shout out for Zenaida she is amazing and so helpful!!! Big shout out to Guest relations Zubaida is extremely helpful and nice!!! The staff are very helpful and always smiling. Yorum: The staff is very friendly and helpful. Staff very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. If you have read this review and it was helpful to you, please make sure you like it, so more people can be aware and stay away from this place! Friendly, helpful, really nice. Thank you to Maria she was very friendly and helpful. The bar staff, the waiters on roller skates were so helpful and happy. Lovely staff and very friendly and helpful. Yorum: My experience of the titanic has been amazing from the food to the kids club, all of the bar staff are so helpful. all the staff have been extremely kind and helpful. Delicious food, helpful staff, cleanliness, amazing evening show. The staff are friendly and cordial. The kids' clubs and entertainment, the food, and the pools were fab, and staff always rolled around, taking orders for drinks. All the staff are amazing and friendly. Very happy with staff and hotel will always consider coming back without hesitation. Fabulous staff. As for the staff, very friendly and went out of their way to make our holiday such a special one. Soft play, PlayStation room, lego room, face painting, sleeping area with cots/junior beds and staff very helpful. Staff are excellent with table service at all times 10. Staff and management are friendly and very helpful 😃. The staff are very good at managing and making sure your stay is nice and comfortable. Everyone is really friendly and the staff are extremely helpful. The staff are for most part smiling and welcoming. Staff are friendly and attentive, beach towels and beds freely available. All in all a lovely resort where the staff do everything they can to ensure you enjoy your stay. The staff were amazing, always polite and friendly. All the staff were friendly helpful and welcoming. Yorum: Fantastic hotel All Staff in this hotel are amazing people they go above and beyond for you. The hotel staff are very helpful and the buffet includes a good selection of food for vegetarians too. From start to finish we found everything fault less, excellent service from all the super friendly staff who could do enough to make your holiday more memorable. This hotel the first week was brilliant bar the rude staff at dinner. Have no complaints, fantastic staff so friendly. Staff is so friendly,food amazing, it's beautiful place. Service is perfect, staffs are helpful. Staff are hard working especially the female life guard at the slides and bar staff on roller blades. Yorum: The overall service of all staff members is fantastic. Staff, very helpful 👍.. Great guys, as are all the other staff members 38. The staff are not all friendly but welcoming, which you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Yorum: Amazing hotel and amazing staff, in fact the staff are what makes the hotel amazing!! The staff are lovely food is amazing and rooms are nice. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, fabulous staff, amazing food, excellent facilities. The staff were so helpful and kind, rooms were clean and well maintained. Yorum: Great experience and an outstanding service by the staff. Some staff are nice others not so. Amazing hotel, staff are brilliant, food & drinks are fantastic! The staff are so friendly and helpful 24 seven. So many staff on duty from cleaners to lifeguards. The 'all inclusive' is more than expected with bar staff skating about actively looking to provide drinks and snacks. Yorum: Beautiful hotel amazing services and friendly staff. Very attentive attitude of the staff. The staff is always ready to help and serve. Yorum: Wonderful place, With a very tasty and large variety of food, warm welcoming pleasant staff who help with questions or requests. Service is very good from all staff nothing is too much trouble. Staff have been very attentive, kind and helpful. Yorum: We are on our last day here but have had such a wonderful time here, the bar staff Ali on roller skates at the pool was so attentive! Staff have been great and the food amazing. The staff are super nice and the guest relation team are very helpful. Around the pool is very clean with the staff at the aqua bar never letting your drinks be empty. Food is lovely, with staff being very attentive. The food was delicious, the staff have been so accommodating & friendly. Incredibly clean and well looked after by the staff. Yorum: Absolutely amazing, staff super friendly, food devine and entertainment off the scale. The staff members within the hotel as well as by the pool ( serving drinks; Alperen) have been extraordinary! All the staff are so lovely & couldn't do more for you. The room staff is really helpful. Yorum: Excellent service by all staff. We have used cabanas 4 times and the staff are amazing. Yorum: Staff are super friendly and attentive. Yorum: 5* Can’t fault the service of the staff from front desk staff to the maids/bartenders. Visiting for my Birthday and the staff have gone above and beyond to ensure that we have the most amazing time. Pool - staff are incredible, nothing is too much for them to do. Staff and food are exceptional. The staff are really helpful, and attentive, they attend to your every need, nothing is too much for them. The attentive staff added to the overall experience, making me feel pampered and well taken care of. It would have been appreciated if the hotel staff intervened to maintain a more peaceful and enjoyable environment for all guests. Another minor downside was the demeanor of the reception staff. Yorum: Amazing resort, great attentive staff and super quality food and drinks. Beach cabanas are the best and great views with private staff on hand. Exceptionally clean, food was lovely, staff very friendly they could not do enough for you the waiter even played football with my grandson. Yorum: Really beautiful hotel with friend helpful staff. Yorum: Wonderful hotel with fantastic staff and excellent quality. Staff arre wonderful and extremely helpful. The staff are lovely and can’t do enough to help. Comment: Lovely place staff great. Yorum: Love this place, food is fantastic, plenty of choice for even the fussiest people, staff are so helpful and friendly, can’t do enough to help you. The staff are so attentive and there is so much to do. Staff are very helpful at all times 90. Hotel staff cannot do enough for you. Clean and friendly staff, rooms are cleaned daily. Staff go out their way to make your holiday one to remember. The bar staff are excellent and constantly bringing you drinks in roller skates. Yorum: Great hotel with the most amazing facilities, staff are super friendly and helpful , food is high quality with lots to choose from. Restaurant staff is amazing especially two workers in 16 plus zone guys than you a lot! The staff from checking in to checking out were extremely helpful and pleasant, this includes staff in the restaurants to their cleaners and bar staff really helpful with anything that we wanted. Staff, food, drinks excellent. The staff were hospitable and kind. Staff have all been friendly. The staff at the Koala club are very friendly and caring. The staff are very friendly and the whole resort is clean. Food & staff are amazing 110. Yorum: We found this to be a great hotel the staff are great and very hard working! The cleaning staff also work very hard hotel is spotless! Yorum: We had an excellent trip where nothing was too much for the staff. Thank you to all the staff! The sun loungers are very comfortable, the staff are so attentive and always ask if you’re okay or want a drink. The hotel staff are wonderful, the beach is lovely and entire experience is 100%. Service was impeccable constantly refilling drinks etc, staff was super polite and always welcoming. However you can not fault the staff. The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). Staff is very kind and they need to be paid very well. Staff are attentive and friendly. Yorum: Brilliant hotel and amazing staff. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. staff food and service outstanding .. hotel lovely and clean staff always at hand to keep the place tidy. Very friendly staff, nice food and facilities. The staff in the kids club are so friendly and welcoming especially the man who runs the football. Yorum: Lovely hotel, brilliant food, guest relations Zubaida Yasmin very helpful and polite 5 star service, staff very helpful, rooms are cleaned daily, I would recommend this hotel. Staff are great!! Yorum: Staff are amazing cleaners and waitresses. Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!! I hope they are paying all their staff well because the staff was absolutely fantastic. The location the staff the weather is all superb. The staff are very helpful and always smiling. Nice staff in kids club. Yorum: The staff is very friendly and helpful. Staff are super friendly, they can’t do enough for you. Most staff are great but the ones who go that extra mile really stand out especially the entertainment team including Angela and Nergiz who have made us feel welcome also have to mention AliKo from the bar team & the cleaning team too as they are ever so friendly despite the language barrier. Yorum: Staff very nice ( especially Veronika) , wide selection of food, entertainment for everyone, animation team very friendly, cabanas were very relaxing, good music in club. The cocktails are amazing and the staff are so friendly! Food is delicious and staff always encourage us so get involved in the games which have been a lot of fun! The staff are great and so welcoming. Furkan was one of the staff and he was lovely and made us feel very welcome! Lovely staff and a great location. Yorum: The hotel is absolutely beautiful the staff are amazing the food entertainment is absolutely great!! Yorum: The staff is great. The staff are so friendly and can't do enough for you. Yorum: Staff very attentive lovely hotel and resort. Place very clean staff lovely. Yorum: Staff very friendly & couldn’t do enough for us as we celebrate our Golden wedding anniversary. Comfortable beds, cleaning staff do an excellent job. Beach beds & beach staff work hard to make our holiday oerfect. Staff very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Moreover, their attention to detail is commendable, the resort is always kept in an immaculate condition, the cleaning crew and domestic staff are working throughout the day to keep the place spotless. All the staff is very friendly and cooperative, they welcome you with a great smile regardless of how many times you bother them. Staff are always happy to help also easy to book activities like bowling, spa. It has everything for every age…Food, drinks, pools, beach, great staff, activities. All staff work incredibly hard all day long and the resort is absolutely spotless. The level of the service you would receive is so random and there is no consistency and each staff would treat you differently depending on their mood, attitude or obviously if you tip (which I tested it myself). There was a huge short of staff and terrible attitude, we had to clean the tables ourselves most of the time, and if you had asked for something, it’d be either forgotten or served after ages. I started tipping some of the staff and their attitude changed totally. Yorum: It is are 2nd day and the staff, night time staff & food staff have been fabulous they go over and beyond for you. Comment: Great staff and service. Reception staff and restaurant staff were amazing at helping me with my allergies and advising me on what I can and can’t eat and what everything was made with. From the resort, rooms and all of the staff we have had a magical stay and will definitely be returning. The staff make it as fun as possible!!! The bar staff, the waiters on roller skates were so helpful and happy. Lovely staff and very friendly and helpful. Yorum: SAFETY AT THIS HOTEL IS AN ISSUE SEE THE PICTURES Food is brilliant, pools are great and the entertainment is some of the best I have seen, however some of the staff are rude and we have been on the end of a personal attack regarding our children. Some of the reception staff also need to learn to smile. Majority of staff are great but in hospitality you can't go slagging children off because of the speed of throwing a bowling ball. Friendly staff, always happy to help. Yorum: My experience of the titanic has been amazing from the food to the kids club, all of the bar staff are so helpful. all the staff have been extremely kind and helpful. Delicious food, helpful staff, cleanliness, amazing evening show. The staff are so kind and generous, loads of space to play and relax. Fridge topped up with drinks, room cleaned as requested and room service was very quick. Staff are excellent with table service at all times 10. Bar that, the entertainment, service, and room quality is well worth it. We received prompt service every time we visited the main restaurant, lobby bar or snack bar by the beach. You can forget about dieting if you come here, there's just too much temptation 😄 The hotel was on reduced service in terms of entertainment but they still had something going on every evening which was enough to keep us entertained. Lots of different foods to choose from and service to our room when my daughter was feeling off it. The food and service was brilliant you cannot go a few steps without access to drinks or snack bars. From start to finish we found everything fault less, excellent service from all the super friendly staff who could do enough to make your holiday more memorable. Our room was a swim up, which was very nice, maid service every day, and the mini bar topped up daily. There were many outdoor pools to choose from, but our favourite days were spent in the cabanas on the beach front where the service was also fantastic. Also the Steak House is one of the best steak we've had, book early it gets booked pretty quick, £45 it cost each but worth every penny down to the service ambience and the food. Service is perfect, staffs are helpful. Room cleaning service is very nice. Yorum: The overall service of all staff members is fantastic. Attentive service. Yorum: Excellent service throughout the hotel. We booked cabanas by the beach, lots of space, excellent service, with fruit platters, lunch w5c brought to you. Service was top class throughout. The hotel is world class and the service is beyond outstanding! True customer services!!! Yorum: Great experience and an outstanding service by the staff. Of course, since they were in the winter concept, half of the services were closed. Yorum: Beautiful hotel amazing services and friendly staff. The service was excellent and really lived up to their 5 star rating. Yasemin from guest services helped us book our even dinner and helped with other questions we asked. I especially liked the guest assistant service and their call center. Service is very good from all staff nothing is too much trouble. Cabana s good value for the money service amazing would recommend to try. Yorum: The hotel was great it had a very nice view, the beach is very clean and the cabana service was exceptional. We had number 11 great service. Yorum: Excellent service by all staff. Yorum: 5* Can’t fault the service of the staff from front desk staff to the maids/bartenders. Yorum: Hotel and service was brilliant. The daily bar refills added a touch of convenience, ensuring that our needs were met with prompt and attentive service. Late running breakfast service allowing for healthy lazy morning lay ins was a nice surprise. The beach cabana is gorgeous, with lovely service. Murad and his team are amazing, great customer service 97. Yorum: Fantastic service, good food good drinks, recommend this hotel highly! Yorum: Absolutely fantastic resort, cabanas are fantastic with great service from shahile, would definitely recommend and will be going back!! The services for adults and also kids were amusing. The swimming pools were clean and the service on the beach were amazing!!! Cabanas were lush and service was faultless. Pool service was fantastic. Waiter service in restaurant is good for drinks. Bars have good selection of branded drinks and good choice of cocktails, this year u you also get bottled beers round the pool area, pool service is great very attentive roller blading waiters. Customer Services are arranging to ensure that my needs are catered for. Yorum: Great food, very clean, great service. Service was impeccable constantly refilling drinks etc, staff was super polite and always welcoming. The beach is just luxurious with some cabanas which can be rented for the day, these also have fantastic service, where food and drink is always available and offered. The service around the pool is outstanding with the waiters on roller skates. The value for money, service, amenities and food are top notch and worth every star rating possible. Overall except of small inconvenience our stay was pleasant here and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a family vacation with a great value of service. staff food and service outstanding .. The service is on par with the Max Royal (which costs 5 x the amount) The food has a good variety and the A la Carte restaurants at the beach for lunch are amazing. Yorum: Lovely hotel, brilliant food, guest relations Zubaida Yasmin very helpful and polite 5 star service, staff very helpful, rooms are cleaned daily, I would recommend this hotel. The service was top tier luxury as well as the activities within the resort. Service is great !! Yorum: The hotels service is excellent we travelled all over the world and this is the best hotel !!! Very clean and superb service, exceptional food and very relaxing atmosphere, which does not compromise anything apart from first class. Great service in restaurants and at the bars. Yorum: All aspects of the service has been excellent. Yorum: Amazing hotel and amazing service. Yorum: The service in this hotel is really good. Yorum: Very good services from very nice people. Whether on the beach or round the pool there is alway a bar or waiter service, with drinks served by glass or beer in the bottles (Efes). Excelkent food & service. Yorum: Excellent service for 10 days stay hotel immaculate throughout food amazing. It’s an amazing resort with top class service. The buffet service is amazing, there is a vast variety as their menu is versatile. Service was exceptional and definitely worth the extra money. The level of the service you would receive is so random and there is no consistency and each staff would treat you differently depending on their mood, attitude or obviously if you tip (which I tested it myself). We all have already paid for the service to be served here. Comment: Great staff and service. We’ve been to Mexico and this hotel is better why travel 10 hours when you can travel 4 for better service 166. Great, service, drinks and food. Animation Team, service in the cabanas, Show, Party, Food and the rooms. But this year the service Team in the Main Restaurant 16+ was not so kind. Also in Party, Service don’t come over to table for drinks. Yorum: Service excellent , drinks lovely , the kids really enjoyed every part , bowling , gaming , pools and lots of ice cream. all of the paid extra restaurants are absolutely worth it, the steakhouse (beef) was our favourite food wise, then the italian one was best for service. so beautiful here and amazing service. for the amount charged for this holiday is outrageous, not receiving the quality or service in this hotel. Our experience its appalling service , and can be misleading.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 9.5
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 154
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: It would be nice to integrate some of that within the main section so kids can remain as part of the family. Yorum: We had an amazing 5 night family holiday here. Yorum: It is very nice hotel, we are staying with our family. Would recommend for a family holiday. Yorum: We checked into the Titanic Hotel on November 1st, we came as a family, and the prices became very affordable as of November 1st. Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! Came for a family celebration and they provided tables for a large party I restaurant and helped to put up banners and balloons and cake . Yorum: Brilliant, family friendly hotel. If you are looking for a holiday that can be something for family or even just as couples this one ticks all of boxes! Yorum: First family holiday! Yorum: We recently enjoyed a delightful weekend stay at Titanic Deluxe Hotel Lara in Antalya, and overall, our experience was filled with festive cheer and family fun. The Duplex Suite featured a private terrace and jacuzzi, providing a luxurious and comfortable space for our family of four. The indoor pool water was surprisingly cold, and the presence of groups of adult males playing with a ball detracted from the family-friendly atmosphere. Great for the whole family with plenty for the kids to keep them entertained 82. Having received a polite note asking us to pay any additional fees by eight o'clock on the penultimate day at Our convenience we couldn't In fact we're in their restaurant having a family meal, costing extra On returning to our rooms both were locked out. Yorum: An amazing place to stay with a young family, the kids club is brilliant. Rooms are very clean we are family of 4 and have 2 double beds, toiletries are replenish each day along with mini bar, our room has had clean h towels and cleaned every day, balconies are small but totally adequate. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip as a couple for our anniversary and cannot wait to take our boys back for a family trip next year!! Perfect for family's with kids and also without kids. The aura of the hotel for family with kids and adults fits perfectly and the cleanliness and decor is simply top class. For a vacation I will always come back here with my family for years to come. Yorum: Stayed at the Titanic recently with family, we all had an amazing stay. Overall except of small inconvenience our stay was pleasant here and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a family vacation with a great value of service. I would highly recommend for anyone to come her as a family, group of friends or even on your own! Lovely family friendly atmosphere. Yorum: We came for a week in august with family and had a great time. We would definitely come back again to Titanic Resort as we believe it’s a perfect place for a family holiday ! The lighting system in the family area is broken and every other bulb works. We came to this Hotel with Family 20 times and everything is great. The kids' clubs and entertainment, the food, and the pools were fab, and staff always rolled around, taking orders for drinks. Kids' food at the kids club was great. It would be nice to integrate some of that within the main section so kids can remain as part of the family. Yorum: Close to the airport and a very nice hotel for families specially with kids. Amazing for kids and adults alike couldn't recommend this hotel enough. Beachfront location with an excellent equipped kids play area inside and out. As a toddler it was brilliant that we had a splash pool and the kids club was superb! It's an all inclusive venue, which meant the kids and I never went hungry. We didn't make use of the kids club as we came without our little one this time but the facility looked absolutely amazing - stylishly designed, well equipped and there was a full day of activities planned each day. It's nice to see that the kids club wasn't an afterthought at this hotel as it often happens. If you have kids they will never be bored there is so much for them to do. My son 19month old got a black eye in kids group. Yorum: One of the best Hotel in Turkey, 3 years in a row we are coming back, and always there is something new, a redesign, a new pier, new playhouse for the kids, etc. Enjoyed the shows at the amphitheater and kids enjoyed the kikoa kids clubs facilities which we stayed with them for. The kids club is especially great with lots to keep the kids entertained. Kids club was fantastic (ours were aged 5 and 7), lots of activities, shows and flexibility on when you drop off/ pick up. The kids are having a blast… Special mention to Even and Burak, who I had a great chat with. My kids are loving it. The kids club is amazingly well thought out & safe! Kids club was great! Kids didn’t want to leave - they have music lessons, Lego, ceramics lessons etc…and open till midnight. All the girls at the kids club were brilliant too and so friendly, Susan from the kids club made my daughter feel special even though my daughter is very shy. My kids loved it here. The kids club is AMAZING, with lots of activities for them. Kids club is amazing! Yorum: This is our second time at this hotel and the improvements to the pier outside restaurant and kids clubs, is 10/10. The childrens club has something for kids of all ages & the hotel is right on the beach too. Plenty of things to do for the kids. Our daughter loved the kids club and looked forward to the kids disco every night. Lots of activities throughout the day & excellent night entertainment (kids are allowed in the disco/nightclub). The programs at nights are really enjoyable especially for kids. Great for kids and so much for them to do. The kids club has just opened and it’s fantastic!! The food at meal times was really tasty & lots of variety for both adults and kids. They also have a kids club which has a variety of activities throughout the day & night, which my kids absolutely loved. Yorum: Fantastic hotel - on check in, our bags were taken to the room which is clean, spacious and cool (air con needed!!) the pools are clean, spacious and the kids are loving the waterpark. Great for the whole family with plenty for the kids to keep them entertained 82. Our 8 & 7 year old enjoyed gymnastics and football at the impressive kids club. The water park is fantastic for kids, as is the kids club. So relaxing, kids club is fantastic, can’t get my 8 year old son out there. Yorum: An amazing place to stay with a young family, the kids club is brilliant. The services for adults and also kids were amusing. Kids club is amazing, as was the cabana experience. Yorum: Our stay at Titanic has been amazing, our favourite has been the kids club, they have soo much to do for children. We would recommend this place for kids as the kids pool is great with lots of slides. We didn't get a chance to experience the kids play area as it's currently unde construction but it looks like it'll be a really good play park. Yorum: Second time back at hotel, renovations this year have been excellent, kids club is fantastic. Sunbeds are busy but plenty of them, as with all hotels if you want a specific spot for instance round kids pool or right beside pool you will need to be up early before 8am to put a towel down. We rented a cabana, which was pricey but good, but the pier is open to everyone, so we had random people wandering in Lastly its a child friendly hotel, which is great if you have kids, as no where is out of bounds for them. Yorum: We had a great holiday lots to do for the kids and Adults very clean and Adnan in the kids club was very helpful. Perfect for family's with kids and also without kids. The aura of the hotel for family with kids and adults fits perfectly and the cleanliness and decor is simply top class. The hotel has lots of water slides and multiple activities for kids and adults. A lot of activities for kids from 0900 to mid night... The staff in the kids club are so friendly and welcoming especially the man who runs the football. Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!! Nice staff in kids club. Kids club had just opened the day after we arrived that allow you to drop your kids off if you need a well needed hours rest. White party was amazing, kids loves the fireworks. My kids loved the Kikoa Club as they used to go there everyday for 3 hours, it includes many activities for all ages but my kids opted for soft play area as well as play station room. The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park. Not sure about allowing kids at the disco after though. There’s a great kids club too! Yorum: Service excellent , drinks lovely , the kids really enjoyed every part , bowling , gaming , pools and lots of ice cream. The kids club was very well thought. Yorum: My experience of the titanic has been amazing from the food to the kids club, all of the bar staff are so helpful. Kids club is great. Kids' food at the kids club was great. As a toddler it was brilliant that we had a splash pool and the kids club was superb! We didn't make use of the kids club as we came without our little one this time but the facility looked absolutely amazing - stylishly designed, well equipped and there was a full day of activities planned each day. It's nice to see that the kids club wasn't an afterthought at this hotel as it often happens. Enjoyed the shows at the amphitheater and kids enjoyed the kikoa kids clubs facilities which we stayed with them for. The kids club is especially great with lots to keep the kids entertained. Kids club was fantastic (ours were aged 5 and 7), lots of activities, shows and flexibility on when you drop off/ pick up. The kids club is amazingly well thought out & safe! Kids club was great! All the girls at the kids club were brilliant too and so friendly, Susan from the kids club made my daughter feel special even though my daughter is very shy. The kids club is AMAZING, with lots of activities for them. Kids club is amazing! Yorum: This is our second time at this hotel and the improvements to the pier outside restaurant and kids clubs, is 10/10. Our daughter loved the kids club and looked forward to the kids disco every night. The kids club has just opened and it’s fantastic!! They also have a kids club which has a variety of activities throughout the day & night, which my kids absolutely loved. Our 8 & 7 year old enjoyed gymnastics and football at the impressive kids club. The water park is fantastic for kids, as is the kids club. So relaxing, kids club is fantastic, can’t get my 8 year old son out there. Yorum: An amazing place to stay with a young family, the kids club is brilliant. Kids club is amazing, as was the cabana experience. Yorum: Our stay at Titanic has been amazing, our favourite has been the kids club, they have soo much to do for children. Yorum: Second time back at hotel, renovations this year have been excellent, kids club is fantastic. Yorum: We had a great holiday lots to do for the kids and Adults very clean and Adnan in the kids club was very helpful. The staff in the kids club are so friendly and welcoming especially the man who runs the football. Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!! Nice staff in kids club. Kids club had just opened the day after we arrived that allow you to drop your kids off if you need a well needed hours rest. There’s a great kids club too! The kids club was very well thought. Yorum: My experience of the titanic has been amazing from the food to the kids club, all of the bar staff are so helpful. Kids club is great. Yorum: Food and children facilities are just perfect. Children activities offered keep them busy and entertained through out the stay. Lots for young children and adults, good entertainment. Lots to keep the children entertained. Our children have fun at the mini club and there are many nice activities for children. Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! Both children and adult friendly shows. My two children are very safe around the hotel and pool area. The childrens club has something for kids of all ages & the hotel is right on the beach too. Traveling with two children, we opted for the Duplex Suite, a two-story haven that exceeded our expectations. While our visit was during the winter, we could appreciate the potential of the hotel's outdoor facilities, including a theater, private beach, and a sizable children's club. It’s been our first time travelling with a baby and we have appreciated the travel cot, children’s bedding and baby food available. Plenty for the children . Water park and splash park is very good for our children and us as adults. Yorum: Our stay at Titanic has been amazing, our favourite has been the kids club, they have soo much to do for children. Recommend to all The pools are kept well cleaned, perfect all ages, the children’s pools are amazing for younger ones, well thought out and safe plus plenty to do for the older ones. This time we took the grandparents as well to take care of our children. The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. For families with children it’s good hotel!!! Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!! We come again with our children next month, definitely! Children facilities are amazing, so much for my son to do. Excellent for children, especially around the pool and Ali who gets your drinks! Yorum: SAFETY AT THIS HOTEL IS AN ISSUE SEE THE PICTURES Food is brilliant, pools are great and the entertainment is some of the best I have seen, however some of the staff are rude and we have been on the end of a personal attack regarding our children. Majority of staff are great but in hospitality you can't go slagging children off because of the speed of throwing a bowling ball.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 9.2
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 116
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The evening entertainment has been fabulous and our son had loved the water slides and pools during the day. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. The hotel has lots of water slides and multiple activities for kids and adults. There are also multiple outdoor swimming pools, water slides and a water park for all the ages to maximise the fun element. Yorum: Great hotel for families, the splash pad and slides are great. Staff are hard working especially the female life guard at the slides and bar staff on roller blades. Good slides and a day at the beach on a cabana was the icing on the cake. Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! The evening entertainment has been fabulous and our son had loved the water slides and pools during the day. Slides great fun. We would recommend this place for kids as the kids pool is great with lots of slides. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. Lots of activities, slides etc. The hotel has lots of water slides and multiple activities for kids and adults. There are also multiple outdoor swimming pools, water slides and a water park for all the ages to maximise the fun element. As a toddler it was brilliant that we had a splash pool and the kids club was superb! If the splash pool has heated it would be amazing and if the sunbed were made clear that they can't be reserved it would help. Yorum: Great hotel for families, the splash pad and slides are great. The only criticism is that the floor around the splash pool can get very wet and slippery. Water park and splash park is very good for our children and us as adults. Yorum: Fantastic hotel - on check in, our bags were taken to the room which is clean, spacious and cool (air con needed!!) the pools are clean, spacious and the kids are loving the waterpark. The kids' clubs and entertainment, the food, and the pools were fab, and staff always rolled around, taking orders for drinks. There is lots to eat and drink and always a pool near by to jump in with it being so hot. Yorum: Had a lovely chilled out week pity it rained most of the time 3 days of sun but luckily hotel had lots to do played pool chilled out in the spa also lovely heated outdoor pool. maybe a little tired, pools very good and lots of areas to relax, food is ok .. As a toddler it was brilliant that we had a splash pool and the kids club was superb! If the splash pool has heated it would be amazing and if the sunbed were made clear that they can't be reserved it would help. With multiple large pools, restaurants, buffets and cafes, this is easily up there with some of the top resorts that I've stayed at. There is so much choice in regard to pool area and beach area we didn’t wait for anything. There were many outdoor pools to choose from, but our favourite days were spent in the cabanas on the beach front where the service was also fantastic. On of the pool outside is heated and it's nice to go for a swim when it's a little bit chill outside. Generally really clean but some drainage problems around the pool areas which cause large puddles making things really slippy and at times it can smell. The only criticism is that the floor around the splash pool can get very wet and slippery. Pool area and water park fab! Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! Our room is really nice, many pools, water temperature perfect. Clean rooms, with spacious balconies ( balcony doors are hard to open, women with long nails will understand:) Several pools with different depths. Lots of fun, amazing food, lots of entertainment but not overwhelming, lots of bars, nice pools, beautiful beach, nice and friendly stuff, minibar in the room. When situation the pool the waiters who on roller blades are quick and efficient and again nothing is too much trouble. Lots of pools and plenty of beds but you need to reserve early in the morning. Yorum: We are on our last day here but have had such a wonderful time here, the bar staff Ali on roller skates at the pool was so attentive! The evening entertainment has been fabulous and our son had loved the water slides and pools during the day. My two children are very safe around the hotel and pool area. Around the pool is very clean with the staff at the aqua bar never letting your drinks be empty. We really enjoy swimming in the pool and enjoying the warm sun. The staff members within the hotel as well as by the pool ( serving drinks; Alperen) have been extraordinary! Only small complaint I would have is trying to get a bed by the pools. Pool - staff are incredible, nothing is too much for them to do. We stayed around the Olympic pool majority of our stay and the pool guys on skates were absolutely fabulous. The hotel's extensive facilities, including the spa, pools, and entertainment options, ensured there was never a dull moment. Yorum: Fantastic hotel - on check in, our bags were taken to the room which is clean, spacious and cool (air con needed!!) the pools are clean, spacious and the kids are loving the waterpark. The indoor pool water was surprisingly cold, and the presence of groups of adult males playing with a ball detracted from the family-friendly atmosphere. The pools are great. The swimming pools were clean and the service on the beach were amazing!!! Pool service was fantastic. We would recommend this place for kids as the kids pool is great with lots of slides. Additions of pattiserie, fruit bar, jacket potatos and waffle and ice cream bars beside pool area is excellent. Bars have good selection of branded drinks and good choice of cocktails, this year u you also get bottled beers round the pool area, pool service is great very attentive roller blading waiters. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. Sunbeds are busy but plenty of them, as with all hotels if you want a specific spot for instance round kids pool or right beside pool you will need to be up early before 8am to put a towel down. Yorum: The reason for only 4 stars is that this is a smoking hotel, so all the outside spaces, poolside, restaurants, beaches etc are open for smokers which, as a non smoker, was off-putting. Recommend to all The pools are kept well cleaned, perfect all ages, the children’s pools are amazing for younger ones, well thought out and safe plus plenty to do for the older ones. I found the rooms to be very spacious and always kept clean, the pools were also very clean and sanitary. The service around the pool is outstanding with the waiters on roller skates. The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). Pools, bars, restaurants are in abundance. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. Louisa, Ali and Muhammed skaters around the pool they are excellent they go above and beyond to make your stay amazing and to make sure you have your drinks and are so hard working. The pool is nice and hitting!! Love the waiters on roller skates around the pool. So much to do at the hotel with choices of pools and beach. Friendly personel, especially near the pool. Whether on the beach or round the pool there is alway a bar or waiter service, with drinks served by glass or beer in the bottles (Efes). Pools are great would definitely come back for another holiday 155. The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park. There are also multiple outdoor swimming pools, water slides and a water park for all the ages to maximise the fun element. But I personally like the indoor pool as it’s temperature maintained and allow through access to gym, sauna, steam and shower room and there is also a Turkish bath ! It has everything for every age…Food, drinks, pools, beach, great staff, activities. We had a poolside cabana for 2 days and a pier cabana for 1 day. Excellent for children, especially around the pool and Ali who gets your drinks! Yorum: SAFETY AT THIS HOTEL IS AN ISSUE SEE THE PICTURES Food is brilliant, pools are great and the entertainment is some of the best I have seen, however some of the staff are rude and we have been on the end of a personal attack regarding our children. Yorum: Service excellent , drinks lovely , the kids really enjoyed every part , bowling , gaming , pools and lots of ice cream. Definitely recommend bringing water shoes. Pool area and water park fab! The water sports kept us cool. Our room is really nice, many pools, water temperature perfect. We had an issue with hot water in the morning and after reporting this the team fixed it within five minutes. Water sports are close by and lots to choose from. The evening entertainment has been fabulous and our son had loved the water slides and pools during the day. Water park is brilliant. Yorum: Fantastic hotel - on check in, our bags were taken to the room which is clean, spacious and cool (air con needed!!) the pools are clean, spacious and the kids are loving the waterpark. The indoor pool water was surprisingly cold, and the presence of groups of adult males playing with a ball detracted from the family-friendly atmosphere. Great water sports facilities and variety. The water park is fantastic for kids, as is the kids club. Water park and splash park is very good for our children and us as adults. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. The hotel has lots of water slides and multiple activities for kids and adults. A lot of sports activities and water sports for adults. We went for a boat trip to the waterfalls and the view was incredible. There are also multiple outdoor swimming pools, water slides and a water park for all the ages to maximise the fun element. Good variety of water sports. The swimming area is clean and with lots to do. We really enjoy swimming in the pool and enjoying the warm sun. The swimming pools were clean and the service on the beach were amazing!!! There are also multiple outdoor swimming pools, water slides and a water park for all the ages to maximise the fun element. I got bitten by a fish on my both feet when swimming in the sea of the Hotel’s beach, which made an awful pain and bleeding, i asked for a doctor to have it checked, they sent a nurse who had no gloves on when treating me, dangerous for her and me! Yorum: The reason for only 4 stars is that this is a smoking hotel, so all the outside spaces, poolside, restaurants, beaches etc are open for smokers which, as a non smoker, was off-putting. We had a poolside cabana for 2 days and a pier cabana for 1 day. There is so much choice in regard to pool area and beach area we didn’t wait for anything. Generally really clean but some drainage problems around the pool areas which cause large puddles making things really slippy and at times it can smell. Pool area and water park fab! My two children are very safe around the hotel and pool area. Additions of pattiserie, fruit bar, jacket potatos and waffle and ice cream bars beside pool area is excellent. Bars have good selection of branded drinks and good choice of cocktails, this year u you also get bottled beers round the pool area, pool service is great very attentive roller blading waiters. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 9.5
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 85
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: The aura of the hotel for family with kids and adults fits perfectly and the cleanliness and decor is simply top class. The cleanliness is not for a 5 star hotel, the level of hygiene could be definitely questioned. Cleanliness was above expectation very good hotel will defiantly be coming back. Delicious food, helpful staff, cleanliness, amazing evening show. The cleanliness is not for a 5 star hotel, the level of hygiene could be definitely questioned. Hotel lovely and clean gardens well kept food fabulous lots of choice. Fridge topped up with drinks, room cleaned as requested and room service was very quick. Yorum: The good at the main restaurant was really clean, tasty and a wide variety of food. Yorum: Lovely clean and friendly resort. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, clean and with all the comforts. The room was clean and had everything we needed in there including basic toiletries, bathrobes and slippers. The swimming area is clean and with lots to do. The food is beautiful the rooms are cleaned every day the hotel is spotless. Yorum: The hotel has been amazing the place is beautiful and clean. Rooms were really spacious and clean. Yorum: Beautiful location, very close to the beach and we had lovely views from our seaside room, rooms are very spacious and clean. The cleaner was very good who did our bedroom, also there was one amazing bar tender. Rooms cleaned every day, the fridges topped up every day we used to leave a few lira and a note for what we specifically wanted. Room cleaning service is very nice. Generally really clean but some drainage problems around the pool areas which cause large puddles making things really slippy and at times it can smell. but rooms not cleaned, to high standard 🙄.. The staff were so helpful and kind, rooms were clean and well maintained. Yorum: Having a lovely holiday, hotel is very clean and well maintained. The hotel was spotlessly clean, we couldn’t have asked for more or anything better! So many staff on duty from cleaners to lifeguards. Clean rooms, with spacious balconies ( balcony doors are hard to open, women with long nails will understand:) Several pools with different depths. The rooms are comfortable and are cleaned to a very good standard, clean towels every day and bedding changed regularly. Yorum: The hotel was great it had a very nice view, the beach is very clean and the cabana service was exceptional. Yorum: Very clean and special place. Around the pool is very clean with the staff at the aqua bar never letting your drinks be empty. Clean, well maintained and the facilities are second to none. Incredibly clean and well looked after by the staff. The rooms are spacious and so clean. Whole complex is spotlessly clean. Yorum: Fantastic hotel - on check in, our bags were taken to the room which is clean, spacious and cool (air con needed!!) the pools are clean, spacious and the kids are loving the waterpark. Rooms clean and spacious. Exceptionally clean, food was lovely, staff very friendly they could not do enough for you the waiter even played football with my grandson. Rooms clean and all mini bar and toiletries stocked regular. Yorum: Holiday was great and hotel is very clean. Evening entertainment is very good and rooms are clean and comfortable. Rooms are perfect, fridges stocked daily and very clean The waiter at the Solaris bar usman is the best waiter by far, can’t even finish a drink and he’s over with a fresh one for us. We can’t wait to come back :-) Lovely room incredibly clean and has everything we need. Extremely clean , problem with my door locking but was allocated a new room. Clean and friendly staff, rooms are cleaned daily. The hotel was great in terms of location, clean, it offered both quiet and more busy areas to rest and sunbathe. The staff from checking in to checking out were extremely helpful and pleasant, this includes staff in the restaurants to their cleaners and bar staff really helpful with anything that we wanted. Staying in an annexe room - very clean & comfortable - loads of extras in the welcome pack & a fully stocked fridge. The foods were great and the rooms were clean. The swimming pools were clean and the service on the beach were amazing!!! Rooms are very clean. The staff are very friendly and the whole resort is clean. Rooms are very clean we are family of 4 and have 2 double beds, toiletries are replenish each day along with mini bar, our room has had clean h towels and cleaned every day, balconies are small but totally adequate. The cleaning staff also work very hard hotel is spotless! Hotel was beautifully kept and room cleaned and complimentary mini bar topped up daily. The place is so clean, they work so hard and the food is the best I’ve had in Turkey overall! Yorum: Great food, very clean, great service. Recommend to all The pools are kept well cleaned, perfect all ages, the children’s pools are amazing for younger ones, well thought out and safe plus plenty to do for the older ones. Yorum: We had a great holiday lots to do for the kids and Adults very clean and Adnan in the kids club was very helpful. The aura of the hotel for family with kids and adults fits perfectly and the cleanliness and decor is simply top class. I found the rooms to be very spacious and always kept clean, the pools were also very clean and sanitary. Very clean, great food and lots to do. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. hotel lovely and clean staff always at hand to keep the place tidy. The grounds are very clean. Yorum: Lovely hotel, brilliant food, guest relations Zubaida Yasmin very helpful and polite 5 star service, staff very helpful, rooms are cleaned daily, I would recommend this hotel. Yorum: Staff are amazing cleaners and waitresses. The beach was very clean and the cabana’s were clean and beautiful to stay in. Rooms are cleaned every day and full drinks fridge. Yorum: Great hotel, overall very clean. Most staff are great but the ones who go that extra mile really stand out especially the entertainment team including Angela and Nergiz who have made us feel welcome also have to mention AliKo from the bar team & the cleaning team too as they are ever so friendly despite the language barrier. Very clean and superb service, exceptional food and very relaxing atmosphere, which does not compromise anything apart from first class. The Beach is clean and beds are well prepared with towels every morning. The rooms are clean. Place very clean staff lovely. Comfortable beds, cleaning staff do an excellent job. Moreover, their attention to detail is commendable, the resort is always kept in an immaculate condition, the cleaning crew and domestic staff are working throughout the day to keep the place spotless. There was a huge short of staff and terrible attitude, we had to clean the tables ourselves most of the time, and if you had asked for something, it’d be either forgotten or served after ages. The cleanliness is not for a 5 star hotel, the level of hygiene could be definitely questioned. You could see in the kitchen area the guy who was making the kebabs was cleaning his sweat with bare hand and then touching the food to serve!!! The beach was never cleaned! Room was very clean and tidy. Cleanliness was above expectation very good hotel will defiantly be coming back. Our room is always so clean and mini bar stocked up. Delicious food, helpful staff, cleanliness, amazing evening show. Yorum: Rooms not cleaned 3 days no clean towels no clean sheets, wallpaper coming off walls, had to buy own toilet rolls, not a 5 star hotel, facilities closed .

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 9.3
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 74
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Close to the airport and a very nice hotel for families specially with kids. It was only 10 minutes away from the airport which was perfect for us with a toddler. and very nice that the hotel is close to the airport. Children activities offered keep them busy and entertained through out the stay. To back up a wee note to ensure we were on the right bus, etc. A little busy on an evening which was to over whelming at 8pm . The hotel was great in terms of location, clean, it offered both quiet and more busy areas to rest and sunbathe. The weather was great it was not too busy which we loved. Sunbeds are busy but plenty of them, as with all hotels if you want a specific spot for instance round kids pool or right beside pool you will need to be up early before 8am to put a towel down. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. And everything you ask the response is either they are busy or They are in the winter concept which contradicts being busy! Yorum: The Titanic Deluxe was absolutely stunning, the hotel even while at full capacity did not feel crowded or too busy. Beachfront location with an excellent equipped kids play area inside and out. Yorum: Beautiful location, very close to the beach and we had lovely views from our seaside room, rooms are very spacious and clean. The hotel was great in terms of location, clean, it offered both quiet and more busy areas to rest and sunbathe. Location is great, it’s close to shops. The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. The location the staff the weather is all superb. Lovely staff and a great location. Hotel has good location easily accessible beech. Yorum: Lovely hotel and great location. Everything you could possibly need is in the hotel and other shops are walking distance. Only criticisms are the air condition is controlled centrally so you cannot control it yourself and usual problem of people reserving sunbeds with towels but not using them until hours later. Everything you could possibly need is in the hotel and other shops are walking distance. The view from our room was superb - pretty much overlooking the entire complex and surrounding areas. Beachfront location with an excellent equipped kids play area inside and out. Soft play, PlayStation room, lego room, face painting, sleeping area with cots/junior beds and staff very helpful. maybe a little tired, pools very good and lots of areas to relax, food is ok .. The room shows its age in certain areas, like taps are a bit tired, the carpets have stains on it from spilt beverages I assume. The swimming area is clean and with lots to do. There is so much choice in regard to pool area and beach area we didn’t wait for anything. Generally really clean but some drainage problems around the pool areas which cause large puddles making things really slippy and at times it can smell. Pool area and water park fab! Our agent gave us this information in advance, stating that it is an affordable hotel, but most of the winter concept and outdoor areas are closed. My two children are very safe around the hotel and pool area. The hotel was great in terms of location, clean, it offered both quiet and more busy areas to rest and sunbathe. We didn't get a chance to experience the kids play area as it's currently unde construction but it looks like it'll be a really good play park. Additions of pattiserie, fruit bar, jacket potatos and waffle and ice cream bars beside pool area is excellent. Bars have good selection of branded drinks and good choice of cocktails, this year u you also get bottled beers round the pool area, pool service is great very attentive roller blading waiters. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. Pier and beach area is good but since renovations there is now nowhere to jump of pier unless you book a cabana which is a shame as last year we spent alot of time on pier jumping off. Just disappointing that you pay full price when only half of the area is available. We loved the outside hotel area!!!! My kids loved the Kikoa Club as they used to go there everyday for 3 hours, it includes many activities for all ages but my kids opted for soft play area as well as play station room. The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park. All food & drink is to a really high standard in the main buffet restaurant and bar areas. The lighting system in the family area is broken and every other bulb works. You could see in the kitchen area the guy who was making the kebabs was cleaning his sweat with bare hand and then touching the food to serve!!! I also loved the fact that there were not too many people around, which meant that the place had a calm and peaceful effect. truthfully it's slightly dated in places but still a lovely place to stay never the less. Great place and would highly recommend it. Yorum: The hotel has been amazing the place is beautiful and clean. Yorum: It's my first visit in Turkey and honestly I can't find a bad things about this place. Staff is so friendly,food amazing, it's beautiful place. Yorum: Nice place, paid for All-inclusive, but charged 45 euros per person, for Al-acarte.. It looks amazing, but a little tired in some places. It's a really great place to do Reşad. Yorum: Wonderful place, With a very tasty and large variety of food, warm welcoming pleasant staff who help with questions or requests. Yorum: Very clean and special place. Comment: Lovely place staff great. Yorum: Love this place, food is fantastic, plenty of choice for even the fussiest people, staff are so helpful and friendly, can’t do enough to help you. Yorum: An amazing place to stay with a young family, the kids club is brilliant. We would recommend this place for kids as the kids pool is great with lots of slides. The place is so clean, they work so hard and the food is the best I’ve had in Turkey overall! Comment: Amazing place. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. hotel lovely and clean staff always at hand to keep the place tidy. Place very clean staff lovely. Moreover, their attention to detail is commendable, the resort is always kept in an immaculate condition, the cleaning crew and domestic staff are working throughout the day to keep the place spotless. There are also plenty of places to eat/drink/buy etc. We would definitely come back again to Titanic Resort as we believe it’s a perfect place for a family holiday ! If you have read this review and it was helpful to you, please make sure you like it, so more people can be aware and stay away from this place! Our third time and it just keeps getting better and better especially with all the new improvement it’s just the best place to visit we love it. Japanese place had a huge meal and was absolutely amazing.

Kumsal için rating: 8.8
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 67
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Lara Beach was fantastic, nothing but great praise for this hotel. Beachfront location with an excellent equipped kids play area inside and out. You're literally a 5min walk from your room to the beach. Staff are friendly and attentive, beach towels and beds freely available. We received prompt service every time we visited the main restaurant, lobby bar or snack bar by the beach. There is so much choice in regard to pool area and beach area we didn’t wait for anything. Yorum: Beautiful location, very close to the beach and we had lovely views from our seaside room, rooms are very spacious and clean. Yorum: This was our first visit to Turkey 🇹🇷 and will definitely not be our last @Titanic deluxe lara beach. There were many outdoor pools to choose from, but our favourite days were spent in the cabanas on the beach front where the service was also fantastic. Beach has so many sun beds and bars and restaurants to eat. Good slides and a day at the beach on a cabana was the icing on the cake. The beach is really good with plenty of beds for everyone. We booked cabanas by the beach, lots of space, excellent service, with fruit platters, lunch w5c brought to you. Lots of fun, amazing food, lots of entertainment but not overwhelming, lots of bars, nice pools, beautiful beach, nice and friendly stuff, minibar in the room. Yorum: The hotel was great it had a very nice view, the beach is very clean and the cabana service was exceptional. I have been to most hotels on lara beach. The childrens club has something for kids of all ages & the hotel is right on the beach too. The beach side is also lovely. There is bar near the beach so you can order anything. The restaurants on the beach are amazing. While our visit was during the winter, we could appreciate the potential of the hotel's outdoor facilities, including a theater, private beach, and a sizable children's club. Beach cabanas are the best and great views with private staff on hand. The Beach bar Ahmed!! Right on the beach. We spent one day at one of the beach cabanas this is definitely worth the money. The beach cabana is gorgeous, with lovely service. The swimming pools were clean and the service on the beach were amazing!!! Pier and beach area is good but since renovations there is now nowhere to jump of pier unless you book a cabana which is a shame as last year we spent alot of time on pier jumping off. Yorum: The reason for only 4 stars is that this is a smoking hotel, so all the outside spaces, poolside, restaurants, beaches etc are open for smokers which, as a non smoker, was off-putting. We especially enjoyed the lunch restaurants near to the beach. The hotel staff are wonderful, the beach is lovely and entire experience is 100%. The beach is just luxurious with some cabanas which can be rented for the day, these also have fantastic service, where food and drink is always available and offered. Some of the new beds on the beach are broken. The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. The service is on par with the Max Royal (which costs 5 x the amount) The food has a good variety and the A la Carte restaurants at the beach for lunch are amazing. The beach was very clean and the cabana’s were clean and beautiful to stay in. Love that they have beach front restaurants for snacks that serve freshly cooked food to order like pizzas, pasta etc. The decking over the beach is excellent with lots of seating and a bar. So much to do at the hotel with choices of pools and beach. We spent 3 days on the cabanas at the beach and Mustafa was amazing and made sure we had everything we needed. The Beach is clean and beds are well prepared with towels every morning. Whether on the beach or round the pool there is alway a bar or waiter service, with drinks served by glass or beer in the bottles (Efes). Beach beds & beach staff work hard to make our holiday oerfect. Yorum: We booked Titanic Resort at Lara Beach for one week commencing from 01 Nov 2023 and we have had one of the best time there. It has everything for every age…Food, drinks, pools, beach, great staff, activities. Loved the exercise classes near the beach, with a great sea view and sea breeze. I got bitten by a fish on my both feet when swimming in the sea of the Hotel’s beach, which made an awful pain and bleeding, i asked for a doctor to have it checked, they sent a nurse who had no gloves on when treating me, dangerous for her and me! The beach was never cleaned! The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. Yorum: Beautiful location, very close to the beach and we had lovely views from our seaside room, rooms are very spacious and clean. The nighttime entertainment was amazing, and we were there for the last white party of the season and many other themed nights. Yorum: We booked for two weeks through the hotel , we had asked all about entertainment for Halloween, was never told about out of season , that everything would be shut the second week. Food is extremely bad , fruit is non existent off season. would recommend in season and definitely not off season . Of course there is access to the sea. When we first arrived we were facing the sea and delivery bay but we’re moved the next day after speaking to reception. The expansive property dazzled with enchanting lights and beautifully adorned Christmas trees, creating a festive ambiance that complemented the joy of the season. Direct ladder into the sea. Yorum: As a dual citizen of Turkey but live in Australia and a well seasoned traveller, this has to be one of the best hotels we have stayed in for a long time! The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). The decking over the beach is excellent with lots of seating and a bar. We did travel out of season (Nov/Dec) so need to bear in mind most facilities are shut and weather is hit miss but that’s understandable. Please increase your seafood levels like grilled shrimp or sea bass. Loved the exercise classes near the beach, with a great sea view and sea breeze. I got bitten by a fish on my both feet when swimming in the sea of the Hotel’s beach, which made an awful pain and bleeding, i asked for a doctor to have it checked, they sent a nurse who had no gloves on when treating me, dangerous for her and me! We would love to come back here, maybe this season 😉 We recommend it!

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 9.5
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 59
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: It would be nice to integrate some of that within the main section so kids can remain as part of the family. Yorum: We had an amazing 5 night family holiday here. Yorum: It is very nice hotel, we are staying with our family. Would recommend for a family holiday. Yorum: We checked into the Titanic Hotel on November 1st, we came as a family, and the prices became very affordable as of November 1st. Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! Came for a family celebration and they provided tables for a large party I restaurant and helped to put up banners and balloons and cake . Yorum: Brilliant, family friendly hotel. If you are looking for a holiday that can be something for family or even just as couples this one ticks all of boxes! Yorum: First family holiday! Yorum: We recently enjoyed a delightful weekend stay at Titanic Deluxe Hotel Lara in Antalya, and overall, our experience was filled with festive cheer and family fun. The Duplex Suite featured a private terrace and jacuzzi, providing a luxurious and comfortable space for our family of four. The indoor pool water was surprisingly cold, and the presence of groups of adult males playing with a ball detracted from the family-friendly atmosphere. Great for the whole family with plenty for the kids to keep them entertained 82. Having received a polite note asking us to pay any additional fees by eight o'clock on the penultimate day at Our convenience we couldn't In fact we're in their restaurant having a family meal, costing extra On returning to our rooms both were locked out. Yorum: An amazing place to stay with a young family, the kids club is brilliant. Rooms are very clean we are family of 4 and have 2 double beds, toiletries are replenish each day along with mini bar, our room has had clean h towels and cleaned every day, balconies are small but totally adequate. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip as a couple for our anniversary and cannot wait to take our boys back for a family trip next year!! Perfect for family's with kids and also without kids. The aura of the hotel for family with kids and adults fits perfectly and the cleanliness and decor is simply top class. For a vacation I will always come back here with my family for years to come. Yorum: Stayed at the Titanic recently with family, we all had an amazing stay. Overall except of small inconvenience our stay was pleasant here and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a family vacation with a great value of service. I would highly recommend for anyone to come her as a family, group of friends or even on your own! Lovely family friendly atmosphere. Yorum: We came for a week in august with family and had a great time. We would definitely come back again to Titanic Resort as we believe it’s a perfect place for a family holiday ! The lighting system in the family area is broken and every other bulb works. We came to this Hotel with Family 20 times and everything is great. Ther was activities such as soft play, face painting, baby room and more. The lady at the guest relations has been very helpful in sorting out food for our 2 yr old baby. It’s been our first time travelling with a baby and we have appreciated the travel cot, children’s bedding and baby food available. The baby spa which entails a jacuzzi and massage is great, we booked it twice. Yorum: Food and children facilities are just perfect. Children activities offered keep them busy and entertained through out the stay. Lots for young children and adults, good entertainment. Lots to keep the children entertained. Our children have fun at the mini club and there are many nice activities for children. Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! Both children and adult friendly shows. My two children are very safe around the hotel and pool area. The childrens club has something for kids of all ages & the hotel is right on the beach too. Traveling with two children, we opted for the Duplex Suite, a two-story haven that exceeded our expectations. While our visit was during the winter, we could appreciate the potential of the hotel's outdoor facilities, including a theater, private beach, and a sizable children's club. It’s been our first time travelling with a baby and we have appreciated the travel cot, children’s bedding and baby food available. Plenty for the children . Water park and splash park is very good for our children and us as adults. Yorum: Our stay at Titanic has been amazing, our favourite has been the kids club, they have soo much to do for children. Recommend to all The pools are kept well cleaned, perfect all ages, the children’s pools are amazing for younger ones, well thought out and safe plus plenty to do for the older ones. This time we took the grandparents as well to take care of our children. The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. For families with children it’s good hotel!!! Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!! We come again with our children next month, definitely! Children facilities are amazing, so much for my son to do. Excellent for children, especially around the pool and Ali who gets your drinks! Yorum: SAFETY AT THIS HOTEL IS AN ISSUE SEE THE PICTURES Food is brilliant, pools are great and the entertainment is some of the best I have seen, however some of the staff are rude and we have been on the end of a personal attack regarding our children. Majority of staff are great but in hospitality you can't go slagging children off because of the speed of throwing a bowling ball.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 9.9
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 18
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The nighttime entertainment was amazing, and we were there for the last white party of the season and many other themed nights. Came for a family celebration and they provided tables for a large party I restaurant and helped to put up banners and balloons and cake . Evening entertainment is fab…the white party was brilliant! White party was amazing. Boho party was great. Food is good, you have large selection in buffet and we were a large party of 15 that could always find a table. We had the White party last night, it was spectacular. White party was amazing, kids loves the fireworks. The new year party menu should be re-visited for vegetarian people. Thanks for the party's and laughs 😃 168. Animation Team, service in the cabanas, Show, Party, Food and the rooms. Also in Party, Service don’t come over to table for drinks. The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. They had an amazing dance show on one night, then live music and a karaoke night which was a good laugh. Kids didn’t want to leave - they have music lessons, Lego, ceramics lessons etc…and open till midnight. Yorum: Staff very nice ( especially Veronika) , wide selection of food, entertainment for everyone, animation team very friendly, cabanas were very relaxing, good music in club. We had adjoining rooms and both were good size. Came for a family celebration and they provided tables for a large party I restaurant and helped to put up banners and balloons and cake .

Spa and Wellness için rating: 9.7
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 18
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: Yorum: Had a lovely chilled out week pity it rained most of the time 3 days of sun but luckily hotel had lots to do played pool chilled out in the spa also lovely heated outdoor pool. The spa and gym are excellent 👌 possibly the best massage I've had and I've had many ... We had a really great massage at the hotel spa and used the sauna and steam room and gym which were really nice and equipped. The SPA and gym is very good and we are using it everyday. The baby spa which entails a jacuzzi and massage is great, we booked it twice. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. the spa and the private pier cabana is also so amazing i recommend you do it at least once while here. The spa and gym are excellent 👌 possibly the best massage I've had and I've had many ... We had a really great massage at the hotel spa and used the sauna and steam room and gym which were really nice and equipped. The baby spa which entails a jacuzzi and massage is great, we booked it twice. We had a really great massage at the hotel spa and used the sauna and steam room and gym which were really nice and equipped. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant 124. But I personally like the indoor pool as it’s temperature maintained and allow through access to gym, sauna, steam and shower room and there is also a Turkish bath ! Late running breakfast service allowing for healthy lazy morning lay ins was a nice surprise. Their concept of their guests’s health is behind any moral standards! The Duplex Suite featured a private terrace and jacuzzi, providing a luxurious and comfortable space for our family of four. The baby spa which entails a jacuzzi and massage is great, we booked it twice. We had a really great massage at the hotel spa and used the sauna and steam room and gym which were really nice and equipped.

Spor Alanları için rating: 10.0
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 13
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Great water sports facilities and variety. I took an aerial yoga class as a beginner and the instructor was so friendly and very accommodating for all levels of ability and fitness levels. The spa and gym are excellent 👌 possibly the best massage I've had and I've had many ... We had a really great massage at the hotel spa and used the sauna and steam room and gym which were really nice and equipped. The SPA and gym is very good and we are using it everyday. Our 8 & 7 year old enjoyed gymnastics and football at the impressive kids club. We used it today for our twins and went for a gym session. But I personally like the indoor pool as it’s temperature maintained and allow through access to gym, sauna, steam and shower room and there is also a Turkish bath ! The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park. Bowling alley, snooker, billiards and table tennis inclusive for adults. Tennis courts were also a pleasure to use. The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park. A lot of sports activities and water sports for adults.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 10.0
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: Lots of activities throughout the day & excellent night entertainment (kids are allowed in the disco/nightclub). Night entertainment - brilliant! Evening shows superb. Evening shows are very good. Evening shows are amazing, late show top. Evening shows are fantastic. They had an amazing dance show on one night, then live music and a karaoke night which was a good laugh.

Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için rating: 10.0
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için toplam yorum sayısı: 5
Sadece Yetişkin Tatili için tüm sonuçlar metni: This is more suited to families not couples I'd say but that's not the hotels fault. highly recommended for any couples or families! If you are looking for a holiday that can be something for family or even just as couples this one ticks all of boxes! Couples can relax. Would definitely recommend to anyone couples and families alike.

Balayı için rating: 10.0
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The Duplex Suite featured a private terrace and jacuzzi, providing a luxurious and comfortable space for our family of four. While our visit was during the winter, we could appreciate the potential of the hotel's outdoor facilities, including a theater, private beach, and a sizable children's club. Beach cabanas are the best and great views with private staff on hand. the spa and the private pier cabana is also so amazing i recommend you do it at least once while here.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 10.0
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: The rooms are comfortable and are cleaned to a very good standard, clean towels every day and bedding changed regularly. It’s been our first time travelling with a baby and we have appreciated the travel cot, children’s bedding and baby food available. I also loved the fact that there were not too many people around, which meant that the place had a calm and peaceful effect.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 10.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: We would recommend this place for kids as the kids pool is great with lots of slides. Sunbeds are busy but plenty of them, as with all hotels if you want a specific spot for instance round kids pool or right beside pool you will need to be up early before 8am to put a towel down. The indoor pool water was surprisingly cold, and the presence of groups of adult males playing with a ball detracted from the family-friendly atmosphere.

Özel Menü için rating: 10.0
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: The hotel staff are very helpful and the buffet includes a good selection of food for vegetarians too. Plenty of options for vegetarians. The new year party menu should be re-visited for vegetarian people.

