Otel İsmi: Venezia Palace Deluxe Hotel

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Özel Menü']

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 8.4
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 99
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: A large area, but all the staff from 6:30 in the morning drive under your door on the cobblestones and keep you awake because of 10 o'clock. Thanks to the staff 6. When we happened to meet the customer service representative, we expressed the attitude of the service staff that we did not like and the F&B manager Suleiman wanted to meet with us. The Turkish a la carte appetizers and Italian a la carte dishes are very delicious, the staff is very attentive and professional, we also express our gratitude. When we happened to meet the customer relations representative, we expressed his displeasure about the attitude of the service staff towards the customer relations representative and the F&B manager, Mr. Turkish a la carte and Italian a la carte are delicious, the staff is very attentive and professional, we also thank Mrs. The staff is incredibly friendly and the hotel is conveniently located near the airport. Yorum: I really liked the hotel staff, everyone was nice, responsive, and friendly. All the staff are friendly and ready to help. The service provided by the staff creates the atmosphere of the restaurant. The service is trying, the guys at the reception and in the bars are great, everyone knows Russian, even if you speak to them in English, they switch to Russian themselves, the staff really tries very hard, respect. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I was pleased with the attention of the staff. They even said that the rooms were oversold (according to the hotel staff), other customers were placed in other hotels and they were picked up when the room became available. But everything turned out great, the area is good and getting better, the staff is amazing,… 25. The staff is very friendly, and the hotel workers who clean the rooms deserve special thanks - they do it quickly and efficiently: they vacuum, dust, make the bed, vacuum the balcony, and even fold and neatly fold the child's scattered clothes. The staff do their best, especially the service staff (thanks to the main restaurant staff, Ms. According to what we heard from the staff, the hotel will be undergoing renovations this year. Some of the staff are really uncaring and have a nasty attitude. I have not seen the friendly staff mentioned in other comments for 6 days. So I thought about it again and spoke to the front desk, the man working the front desk told me exactly this: Go sir, what are you waiting for here, the hotel you are going to is much better, he said and literally his own staff offered their hotel to a guest who hadn't even checked in yet. **Regarding the staff, unfortunately the weakness and indifference of the management is reflected in the full-time staff, the young people are careless, I think it was our sister and Mr. The staff on duty were friendly and very hard working. Overall, the staff are attentive and friendly, so I will choose this hotel again. We would like to thank all the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. The reception staff are polite and attentive. Mustafa and staff. Pleasant staff. During the painting of the paving slabs, the staff did not take care to install the necessary pointers, and as a result, our children got traces of paint on their heels, which had to be wiped off with tools for a long time. The reception department is staffed by attentive and responsive employees. It is successful in terms of common areas and room cleaning, and its staff is experienced and friendly. The staff is very friendly and caring. The hotel staff are helpful, friendly and caring, I would also like to thank them. I want to thank the family and staff of Venezia Palace for making this vacation fun, quality and good. The staff was understanding, friendly, there were enough people in each zone. When we happened to meet the customer service representative, we expressed the attitude of the service staff that we did not like and the F&B manager Suleiman wanted to meet with us. We reported this to customer service, they took us to another room, you can say we solved this problem, but don't expect anything in the rooms in terms of cleanliness, they said there was no housekeeping, they came and fixed the bed linen , they didn't sweep, they didn't wipe, there was dirt everywhere, the rooms were like that. We would like to thank our friends at Tatilbudur Customer Service. I have not seen the friendly staff mentioned in other comments for 6 days. He was very helpful with the room. The hotel staff are helpful, friendly and caring, I would also like to thank them. A large area, but all the staff from 6:30 in the morning drive under your door on the cobblestones and keep you awake because of 10 o'clock. Thanks to the staff 6. When we happened to meet the customer service representative, we expressed the attitude of the service staff that we did not like and the F&B manager Suleiman wanted to meet with us. The Turkish a la carte appetizers and Italian a la carte dishes are very delicious, the staff is very attentive and professional, we also express our gratitude. When we happened to meet the customer relations representative, we expressed his displeasure about the attitude of the service staff towards the customer relations representative and the F&B manager, Mr. Turkish a la carte and Italian a la carte are delicious, the staff is very attentive and professional, we also thank Mrs. The staff is incredibly friendly and the hotel is conveniently located near the airport. Yorum: I really liked the hotel staff, everyone was nice, responsive, and friendly. All the staff are friendly and ready to help. The service provided by the staff creates the atmosphere of the restaurant. The service is trying, the guys at the reception and in the bars are great, everyone knows Russian, even if you speak to them in English, they switch to Russian themselves, the staff really tries very hard, respect. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I was pleased with the attention of the staff. They even said that the rooms were oversold (according to the hotel staff), other customers were placed in other hotels and they were picked up when the room became available. But everything turned out great, the area is good and getting better, the staff is amazing,… 25. The staff is very friendly, and the hotel workers who clean the rooms deserve special thanks - they do it quickly and efficiently: they vacuum, dust, make the bed, vacuum the balcony, and even fold and neatly fold the child's scattered clothes. The staff do their best, especially the service staff (thanks to the main restaurant staff, Ms. According to what we heard from the staff, the hotel will be undergoing renovations this year. Some of the staff are really uncaring and have a nasty attitude. I have not seen the friendly staff mentioned in other comments for 6 days. So I thought about it again and spoke to the front desk, the man working the front desk told me exactly this: Go sir, what are you waiting for here, the hotel you are going to is much better, he said and literally his own staff offered their hotel to a guest who hadn't even checked in yet. **Regarding the staff, unfortunately the weakness and indifference of the management is reflected in the full-time staff, the young people are careless, I think it was our sister and Mr. The staff on duty were friendly and very hard working. Overall, the staff are attentive and friendly, so I will choose this hotel again. We would like to thank all the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. The reception staff are polite and attentive. Mustafa and staff. Pleasant staff. During the painting of the paving slabs, the staff did not take care to install the necessary pointers, and as a result, our children got traces of paint on their heels, which had to be wiped off with tools for a long time. The reception department is staffed by attentive and responsive employees. It is successful in terms of common areas and room cleaning, and its staff is experienced and friendly. The staff is very friendly and caring. The hotel staff are helpful, friendly and caring, I would also like to thank them. I want to thank the family and staff of Venezia Palace for making this vacation fun, quality and good. The staff was understanding, friendly, there were enough people in each zone. Yorum: Thank you very much for the excellent service at the Venezia Pallas Hotel, and a special thanks to Elif and also a special thanks to the manager Lilia 2. When we happened to meet the customer service representative, we expressed the attitude of the service staff that we did not like and the F&B manager Suleiman wanted to meet with us. When we happened to meet the customer relations representative, we expressed his displeasure about the attitude of the service staff towards the customer relations representative and the F&B manager, Mr. After check-in, we contacted the guest services department, asked for bathrobes, and they brought them to us. Elif, the girl in charge of guest services, helped us with our questions and ordered a la carte restaurant Gusto from her. The service provided by the staff creates the atmosphere of the restaurant. The service is trying, the guys at the reception and in the bars are great, everyone knows Russian, even if you speak to them in English, they switch to Russian themselves, the staff really tries very hard, respect. But there were very few hotels that provided such fast service. In each of them we encountered different quality of service and understanding, but the experience we had in this hotel taught us that we need to pay more attention to many things. They said the rooms are very old and will be updated and they don't have much taste for children or adults, I don't know why there is a closed patisserie, but there was a place in the closed tower, but the waiter service was shown as skates for the beach side , unfortunately, this was not on the video. The staff do their best, especially the service staff (thanks to the main restaurant staff, Ms. Friends who want to relax here can refer to their colleagues and get better service for less money. Second, service... We reported this to customer service, they took us to another room, you can say we solved this problem, but don't expect anything in the rooms in terms of cleanliness, they said there was no housekeeping, they came and fixed the bed linen , they didn't sweep, they didn't wipe, there was dirt everywhere, the rooms were like that. However, for lunch service, you won't be queuing at 12:30, and if you go after 1:30, you won't be able to eat the doner for some reason. As a result, it would be difficult to consider a second hotel that has such a good location and service with such a poor management approach. We would like to thank our friends at Tatilbudur Customer Service. In addition, we encountered sloppy service. Comment: From the moment we entered the hotel, we received very good service. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45. Yorum: In the hotel where there is service, there is a queue everywhere. The content of the service doesn't matter as long as people are standing in line to get something, because the service is so inadequate that people just say get it while it's there. Think about the quality of service in the hotel.

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 7.5
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 69
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: It's spacious and offers great amenities, including pools, water slides, and air conditioning in every room, even the bathrooms. It's spacious and offers great amenities, including pools, water slides, and air conditioning in every room, even the bathrooms. The child liked the slides, he sledded all the time. Subsequently, if in the water park for adults, my child and I were allowed to ride down the slow slides for the first 3 days, then for the last 2 days we were not allowed in the water park, because we were told that it was not allowed for children. In general, the hotel is really good, we really liked the green area, it is very well designed, the hotel area is large, the pools are large, there are 4-5 zones. In general, the hotel is very nice, I really liked the landscape design, very well designed, the territory of the hotel is also very large, the pools are large and zone 4-5. It's spacious and offers great amenities, including pools, water slides, and air conditioning in every room, even the bathrooms. The hotel pool is large. We liked the idea of ​​having a bar in the middle of the pool. The pool bar had a bad smell that wouldn't go away, maybe it was because of spilled drinks. Luckily they also built a kiddie pool which wasn't that stimulating, the kids played there and we relaxed. Territory Rating: 4 The territory is beautiful, we climbed the tower near the pool, a very beautiful view opened up. The water park and pools are great. From him I learned all the details about the hotel, and thanks to his attention I was accommodated in a super room with a view of the pool and the sea, although I had a view of the land. They write that the pool bar smells bad. Pools are written as dirty. From there I came to the pool. There was a smell in the pool that we couldn't figure out and thought it was coming from the bar so we didn't choose it. Disaster in the pool!! There is a strange and unpleasant smell in and around the pool bar. The smell gets worse during the day, the pool isn't clean, the one who urinates most of the time in a plastic cup by the pool, the one who drops the shell of the nuts he eats and doesn't pick them up, the one who goes into the pool in his panties, whatever you're looking for , you come across small rocks and sand at the bottom of the pool. By the way, you can also consider using the pool, it has a large pool and there is a bar inside the pool. Cleaning the pool is in order, because the hotel is full. The hotel has created its own culture in this regard, the first thing in the morning we put on towels, it should be, because while we were going to have breakfast, I saw that all the sunbeds near the pool were occupied. There is little variety in the food, but some dishes are very tasty, mostly the same dishes are served, the pool is large and sufficient, the sea is mixed with pebbles and sand and suddenly becomes deep, but it is clean and beautiful. The music system is provided by 2 speakers placed by the pool instead of scattered throughout the area and you have to listen to it from 10.00am to 12.00am whether you like it or not. The guy at the pool bar has to coach the others. Beautiful rooms, a gorgeous pool, the most beautiful area. QUEUE for meat doner kebab at 11:45am The next problem is the pool…impossible to get a seat near it after 9pm. Since there is a bar inside the pool, you are in for a smelly and dirty pool. The pool is clean and large and there is a nice bar. On the 2nd day they reduced it, besides being hidden in a cabinet in the lobby, there is no whiskey of these brands anywhere in the pool bar, it's a shame...! **I find the pools quite adequate, we had no problem with the sunbeds, but the pool pavilions take up unnecessary space, hehe the kids aqua and regular aqua are very fun and adequate. Pools were cleaned regularly. The pool is a disaster, dirty, the bottom is stone and it is obvious that it has not been cleaned. The pool bar always smelled different. The beach and pools are very clean and comfortable. - The pool and water park are nice, but you have to get up at 7 in the morning to find a sunbed. The pool was large and deep enough for everyone, the child was very cheerful! I don't think there should be a charge for the camellias by the pool, why are you charging for all inclusive if we are going to pay extra? As for the sea, the sand was pebbly and very wavy, there was a sudden depth, if you are not a very good swimmer you might have a little difficulty, we are pool swimmers so we had a lot of fun elsewhere. Hotel check in time is 14:00 but if you say "I have to leave early maybe they will give us a room" if the room is free then yes otherwise you may have to wait in the lobby for 1/2 /3 hours depending on arrival time If you don't want to wait, you can take your beach clothes, change in the changing room by the pool and start your vacation without waiting for a room. The pools are very large and very interesting for children. There is both a normal children's pool and a water park pool, and the adult water park is also very interesting. Alcohol is famous and this surprised me the most 😂🙏🏻 As far as I can see, the pool is big. Since the sea was rough and very salty, we generally preferred the pool. Tasteless coffee from running water 4. The water park is very interesting for children, and its adult part is very large and diverse. The water park is a lot of fun for children, and the adult part is very large and varied. It's spacious and offers great amenities, including pools, water slides, and air conditioning in every room, even the bathrooms. They say that children under the age of 10 are not allowed to visit the water park. They made a special water park for children under 10 years old, they should use it, it's a good idea. In that water park, water hits from below, flows from above, water flows over the head... The water park and pools are great. The beach is narrow in length, but there are about seven rows of sunbeds, they were not occupied, they always found a place, but everyone swims one and a half meters from the shore, the sunset is not smooth, the water is dirty compared to Kemer. The water park was more fun than many hotels, we really enjoyed it. A cool water park, a decent children's club, where you can really leave children and they will be interested there. The friend in the water park treats everyone with anger. I saw a family whose child urinated on himself many times in the water park, and then went into the water as if nothing had happened. There is a very nice children's water park for small children, even my wife and I spent half an hour there :) There are eateries where you can order pizza, hamburger, meat doner, pita, chicken for lunch and waiters will bring it, but, unfortunately, to find a place here requires a lot of effort and effort, you have to stand in long queues, but the tastes are above average :) In general, they serve the same thing for dinner, I think the menu should be. Yorum: The location is very good, the sea is wavy, small stones at first, but then sand and the water in the sea is warm, so it is easy to enter. I think the water was the best part. Subsequently, if in the water park for adults, my child and I were allowed to ride down the slow slides for the first 3 days, then for the last 2 days we were not allowed in the water park, because we were told that it was not allowed for children. The water park was nice. As you know, the times when we will have problems with water are not far off. The person in charge of the water park in a white T-shirt warns that, in his opinion, it is not possible to go in like that and it is not possible to go in like that. - The pool and water park are nice, but you have to get up at 7 in the morning to find a sunbed. There is both a normal children's pool and a water park pool, and the adult water park is also very interesting. And most of the beach is reserved for wild boars, why is there no one sitting there, and as a result all vacationers are swimming in a barrel.

Kumsal için rating: 8.0
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 58
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: I like the beach, the dining room is good, I like it, everything is good, but the minus is the tables. Comment: A great hotel for family vacations, a large area and a beautiful beach. Clean beach and sea. The beach is good, the sea is clean. The beach is well equipped, there are sunbeds, free ones could always be found. The beach is narrow in length, but there are about seven rows of sunbeds, they were not occupied, they always found a place, but everyone swims one and a half meters from the shore, the sunset is not smooth, the water is dirty compared to Kemer. The toilet is only near the beach bar, not close. And most of the beach is reserved for wild boars, why is there no one sitting there, and as a result all vacationers are swimming in a barrel. It was a lot of fun playing beach volleyball at 11:00 and 16:00. The beach shells were quite clean. Pros: an absolutely fabulous beach, very tasty food, high-quality alcohol, we don't drink hard, but I saw how they pour Balantaise, Bells, Jim Beam bourbon. They said the rooms are very old and will be updated and they don't have much taste for children or adults, I don't know why there is a closed patisserie, but there was a place in the closed tower, but the waiter service was shown as skates for the beach side , unfortunately, this was not on the video. Since we decided to go to the sea, we couldn't find a place there after 2 meters, the sea is getting deeper and the beach is pebble, and the legs appear. If you come to the sea, it is quite wavy, but I tried to enjoy it, the pier and beach are beautiful. The beach and pools are very clean and comfortable. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45. Hotel check in time is 14:00 but if you say "I have to leave early maybe they will give us a room" if the room is free then yes otherwise you may have to wait in the lobby for 1/2 /3 hours depending on arrival time If you don't want to wait, you can take your beach clothes, change in the changing room by the pool and start your vacation without waiting for a room. Waffles, baked kumpir potatoes with various fillings, ice cream, cake, sandwiches, fruits, dried fruits, etc. Waffles, baked potato, ice cream, cake, sandwich, fruit, nuts, etc. The smell gets worse during the day, the pool isn't clean, the one who urinates most of the time in a plastic cup by the pool, the one who drops the shell of the nuts he eats and doesn't pick them up, the one who goes into the pool in his panties, whatever you're looking for , you come across small rocks and sand at the bottom of the pool. If you are looking for sand and a sea that deepens slowly, like us, the sea of ​​this hotel consists of pebbles at the entrance that make your feet hurt, and a sea that deepens immediately after 3 steps. Yorum: The location is very good, the sea is wavy, small stones at first, but then sand and the water in the sea is warm, so it is easy to enter. There is little variety in the food, but some dishes are very tasty, mostly the same dishes are served, the pool is large and sufficient, the sea is mixed with pebbles and sand and suddenly becomes deep, but it is clean and beautiful. As for the sea, the sand was pebbly and very wavy, there was a sudden depth, if you are not a very good swimmer you might have a little difficulty, we are pool swimmers so we had a lot of fun elsewhere. For lovers of the sea, the sea was very beautiful, a little wavy sand and small pebbles did not interfere during the day. The beach is narrow in length, but there are about seven rows of sunbeds, they were not occupied, they always found a place, but everyone swims one and a half meters from the shore, the sunset is not smooth, the water is dirty compared to Kemer. Renovated areas are bars and restaurants located on the seashore. There are a little too few of the balconies, it is good from the view of the sea, the entrance to it, money, it looks cool 4. The village is not far from the airport, in this region it is the hottest time of the season. The settlement is located not far from the airport, in the hottest part of the season in the region. Clean beach and sea. The beach is good, the sea is clean. The sea was close and you had to walk straight into the sun, there were not enough tall trees for shade. From him I learned all the details about the hotel, and thanks to his attention I was accommodated in a super room with a view of the pool and the sea, although I had a view of the land. There were plenty of seats at the Gusto restaurant. I went to the sea in the afternoon, there were sunbeds everywhere. The breakfasts were very good, we ate at the gusto and meze restaurants by the sea at lunch time and we could eat very comfortably during our time. The sea is wavy, but pleasant. There were enough sunbeds by the sea. We were a little disappointed in the sea. If you are looking for sand and a sea that deepens slowly, like us, the sea of ​​this hotel consists of pebbles at the entrance that make your feet hurt, and a sea that deepens immediately after 3 steps. Yorum: The location is very good, the sea is wavy, small stones at first, but then sand and the water in the sea is warm, so it is easy to enter. If you visit each location before it opens, you can find a comfortable seat without waiting in line, yes, but if you decide to go when you want and feel free to go, it seems like you're left to your own devices. The sea is wavy. There are dance shows and live music in the evening, but you need to arrive at least 1 hour in advance to get a seat. There is little variety in the food, but some dishes are very tasty, mostly the same dishes are served, the pool is large and sufficient, the sea is mixed with pebbles and sand and suddenly becomes deep, but it is clean and beautiful. 3rd ROW… you can buy food and drinks in many places in the hotel but they all have a QUEUE, first you have to wait 30 minutes to be seated, then you have to wait 45 minutes for pizza, we are tired of waiting. QUEUE for meat doner kebab at 11:45am The next problem is the pool…impossible to get a seat near it after 9pm. Since we decided to go to the sea, we couldn't find a place there after 2 meters, the sea is getting deeper and the beach is pebble, and the legs appear. After that I researched the hotel but said I didn't want it because it would be a hassle to pack my luggage again and then they said I would be held up in the room due to the rush. If you come to the sea, it is quite wavy, but I tried to enjoy it, the pier and beach are beautiful. Although it was a busy season, we never experienced long lines for food as mentioned in the comments. Don't make a vacation decision without doing your research and taking the comments into consideration. Renovated areas are bars and restaurants located on the seashore. As for the sea, the sand was pebbly and very wavy, there was a sudden depth, if you are not a very good swimmer you might have a little difficulty, we are pool swimmers so we had a lot of fun elsewhere. For lovers of the sea, the sea was very beautiful, a little wavy sand and small pebbles did not interfere during the day. Food and drinks are available almost any time of the day, the food is delicious, there are many appetizers, salads, main dishes, pasta and even potatoes, there is also a grill section with meat options, but you have to wait a little while in the restaurant to be seated. Since the sea was rough and very salty, we generally preferred the pool.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 7.6
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 50
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: The hotel is outside the city - it takes 40-50 minutes to go to the city by transport and wait for transport 6 for the same amount of time. If they come by transport, the roads are very good and it is easy to find. I couldn't stand it and asked to call a taxi. I will go to the airport” with his low speech and directed me to another taxi to the hospital entered and went to the taxi. The village is not far from the airport, in this region it is the hottest time of the season. The settlement is located not far from the airport, in the hottest part of the season in the region. The staff is incredibly friendly and the hotel is conveniently located near the airport. On the way, not far from the airport. I will go to the airport” with his low speech and directed me to another taxi to the hospital entered and went to the taxi. But there was no business in desserts. When I first checked in I was told that I could stay at another hotel for two days as the hotel was very busy and they also stated that the hotel I could stay at was a higher end hotel. Unfortunately, we went there expecting the new business that had changed hands to be more enthusiastic, and we were wrong. Although it was a busy season, we never experienced long lines for food as mentioned in the comments. It looked like they were working in the family business, like they saved the world, it was just a cocktail. Yorum: The location is very good, the sea is wavy, small stones at first, but then sand and the water in the sea is warm, so it is easy to enter. If you visit each location before it opens, you can find a comfortable seat without waiting in line, yes, but if you decide to go when you want and feel free to go, it seems like you're left to your own devices. As a result, it would be difficult to consider a second hotel that has such a good location and service with such a poor management approach. Yorum: In terms of location, this is a very nice place. The hotel is wonderful, large, green territory, at the same time compact, everything is within walking distance. The hotel is wonderful, large, green territory, at the same time compact, everything is within walking distance. A large area, but all the staff from 6:30 in the morning drive under your door on the cobblestones and keep you awake because of 10 o'clock. Comment: A great hotel for family vacations, a large area and a beautiful beach. In general, the hotel is really good, we really liked the green area, it is very well designed, the hotel area is large, the pools are large, there are 4-5 zones. and we wanted a hotel with a large area with greenery... But everything turned out great, the area is good and getting better, the staff is amazing,… 25. The music system is provided by 2 speakers placed by the pool instead of scattered throughout the area and you have to listen to it from 10.00am to 12.00am whether you like it or not. Beautiful rooms, a gorgeous pool, the most beautiful area. It is successful in terms of common areas and room cleaning, and its staff is experienced and friendly. Renovated areas are bars and restaurants located on the seashore. The hotel area is very large and beautiful. The hotel places great importance on customer satisfaction and takes care of them. They took samples of the consumed drinks and placed them in a laboratory container. The hotel lobby offers better quality drinks than other places. Yorum: The hotel is not bad, the territory is large, there are places to be similar. The beach is narrow in length, but there are about seven rows of sunbeds, they were not occupied, they always found a place, but everyone swims one and a half meters from the shore, the sunset is not smooth, the water is dirty compared to Kemer. Those who say they haven't found a place are making completely fabricated comments. Need to replace. They even said that the rooms were oversold (according to the hotel staff), other customers were placed in other hotels and they were picked up when the room became available. There is a very nice children's water park for small children, even my wife and I spent half an hour there :) There are eateries where you can order pizza, hamburger, meat doner, pita, chicken for lunch and waiters will bring it, but, unfortunately, to find a place here requires a lot of effort and effort, you have to stand in long queues, but the tastes are above average :) In general, they serve the same thing for dinner, I think the menu should be. They said the rooms are very old and will be updated and they don't have much taste for children or adults, I don't know why there is a closed patisserie, but there was a place in the closed tower, but the waiter service was shown as skates for the beach side , unfortunately, this was not on the video. Also I don't understand why it was bar stools and not a lecture hall, we always either watched standing or found chairs without a table, this place is not suitable for capacity. The hotel is just an ideal place for family vacations with children. Overall, I would have regretted choosing this place if I hadn't bought it at a relatively cheap price. The music system is provided by 2 speakers placed by the pool instead of scattered throughout the area and you have to listen to it from 10.00am to 12.00am whether you like it or not. I have been to many 5 star and all inclusive hotels in my life but this place was truly the worst. 3rd ROW… you can buy food and drinks in many places in the hotel but they all have a QUEUE, first you have to wait 30 minutes to be seated, then you have to wait 45 minutes for pizza, we are tired of waiting. Since we decided to go to the sea, we couldn't find a place there after 2 meters, the sea is getting deeper and the beach is pebble, and the legs appear. This is a 5 star hotel in my opinion, those who run this place should think about what they are doing wrong. Yorum: In terms of location, this is a very nice place. In places like markets and hairdressers, where prices are usually quoted in euros, the fact is that you can be upset if you leave without a supply of cigarettes or things like slippers, swimwear and sunscreen.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 7.9
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 41
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: A great hotel for family vacations, a large area and a beautiful beach. We thank the Venezia family :)) 20. I saw a family whose child urinated on himself many times in the water park, and then went into the water as if nothing had happened. The hotel is just an ideal place for family vacations with children. As a family whose priority is our child's happiness, would we choose this hotel again? While we expected a standard room for 3 people upon arrival at the hotel, we were very happy to receive a large family room. The family room we were given was very spacious with a large balcony and a nice view. It looked like they were working in the family business, like they saved the world, it was just a cocktail. Comment: As a family that rests in the hotel every year, we want to share our impressions. Yorum: Hello, we stayed with my family from 4 to 7 September, I would like to thank Mr. I want to thank the family and staff of Venezia Palace for making this vacation fun, quality and good. Luckily they also built a kiddie pool which wasn't that stimulating, the kids played there and we relaxed. kids i can understand the situation but a 3 year old can't understand this situation. **I find the pools quite adequate, we had no problem with the sunbeds, but the pool pavilions take up unnecessary space, hehe the kids aqua and regular aqua are very fun and adequate. The water park is very interesting for children, and its adult part is very large and diverse. The water park is a lot of fun for children, and the adult part is very large and varied. Note: This hotel is best for families with children and older guests. They say that children under the age of 10 are not allowed to visit the water park. They made a special water park for children under 10 years old, they should use it, it's a good idea. Breakfast is good, for lunch there are incomprehensible soups, children and even adults do not eat them. It is not a convenient amphitheater for evening shows, why are there bar tables and tables, again for adults, but it is not convenient for children. Vacationed with a friend and together with four children. A cool water park, a decent children's club, where you can really leave children and they will be interested there. In the room, we accidentally broke the glass curtain in the bathroom, gesture relation Ahmet Uman, came to the room, quickly called for cleaning, sincerely worried about our children. There is a very nice children's water park for small children, even my wife and I spent half an hour there :) There are eateries where you can order pizza, hamburger, meat doner, pita, chicken for lunch and waiters will bring it, but, unfortunately, to find a place here requires a lot of effort and effort, you have to stand in long queues, but the tastes are above average :) In general, they serve the same thing for dinner, I think the menu should be. They said the rooms are very old and will be updated and they don't have much taste for children or adults, I don't know why there is a closed patisserie, but there was a place in the closed tower, but the waiter service was shown as skates for the beach side , unfortunately, this was not on the video. The hotel is just an ideal place for family vacations with children. Although the children's aqua zone is good, it is also crowded. Subsequently, if in the water park for adults, my child and I were allowed to ride down the slow slides for the first 3 days, then for the last 2 days we were not allowed in the water park, because we were told that it was not allowed for children. Yorum: We spent 3 nights and 4 days of vacation with 2 adults and 2 children in the first week of September. Preferred hotel for children. Yorum: We were very uncomfortable when we looked at the comments about the vacation we spent with our two children between August 12-16, with the recommendation of Jolly tour. There was no special demand for the adult Aquapark, because all the adults occupied the children's Aquapark. There were even those who left their children and lived their childhood 🤣🤣 For us it was a good holiday 36. This created significant inconvenience, especially for children. During the painting of the paving slabs, the staff did not take care to install the necessary pointers, and as a result, our children got traces of paint on their heels, which had to be wiped off with tools for a long time. For three hours of extension (for children's sleep), we were charged 400 euros (extension per day), which seems extremely inappropriate and unreasonable. The pools are very large and very interesting for children. There is both a normal children's pool and a water park pool, and the adult water park is also very interesting. mainly families with children stay in the hotel. Our room had a large bed and a small children's bed, the air conditioner cools well, full Wi-Fi in the hotel.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 6.7
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 40
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: The cleanliness is extraordinary. We reported this to customer service, they took us to another room, you can say we solved this problem, but don't expect anything in the rooms in terms of cleanliness, they said there was no housekeeping, they came and fixed the bed linen , they didn't sweep, they didn't wipe, there was dirt everywhere, the rooms were like that. It is only natural that they are very sensitive to safety and cleanliness. So, apart from cleanliness, mediocre. It is also a successful hotel in terms of cleanliness. The cleanliness is extraordinary. Clean beach and sea. We liked the hotel, bed linen and towels were changed every day, the room was cleaned, and the minibar was replenished. The beach is good, the sea is clean. My daughter is allergic to mites and no matter how much she vacuums, it doesn't clean up. The rooms are cleaned when you first enter and unless you insist they are not cleaned until you leave. They are cleaned. is cleaning. However, we had no problems with cleaning. The beach shells were quite clean. In the room, we accidentally broke the glass curtain in the bathroom, gesture relation Ahmet Uman, came to the room, quickly called for cleaning, sincerely worried about our children. The smell gets worse during the day, the pool isn't clean, the one who urinates most of the time in a plastic cup by the pool, the one who drops the shell of the nuts he eats and doesn't pick them up, the one who goes into the pool in his panties, whatever you're looking for , you come across small rocks and sand at the bottom of the pool. Our room was cleaned every day, the minibar was updated, we had no problems with a table in the Turkish restaurant without exception, the time there was 1 hour, the tastes are good, but both. The staff is very friendly, and the hotel workers who clean the rooms deserve special thanks - they do it quickly and efficiently: they vacuum, dust, make the bed, vacuum the balcony, and even fold and neatly fold the child's scattered clothes. (I need money, apparently the administration did not respond) Cleaning in the room was also not good. Cleaning the pool is in order, because the hotel is full. There is little variety in the food, but some dishes are very tasty, mostly the same dishes are served, the pool is large and sufficient, the sea is mixed with pebbles and sand and suddenly becomes deep, but it is clean and beautiful. Although they had to clean the room every day, they did it as they wanted. Even though I called the front desk for 1.5 hours, I couldn't get a clean towel and had to dry myself. Leaving this problem aside, I can say that the hotel rooms are old but very clean and the food was good except for the dessert. The pool is clean and large and there is a nice bar. We reported this to customer service, they took us to another room, you can say we solved this problem, but don't expect anything in the rooms in terms of cleanliness, they said there was no housekeeping, they came and fixed the bed linen , they didn't sweep, they didn't wipe, there was dirt everywhere, the rooms were like that. It is only natural that they are very sensitive to safety and cleanliness. Regarding room cleaning, they provide explanatory cards for those who want to help. In order to use it effectively, it aims to ensure that sheets, etc., are cleaned when needed. Pools were cleaned regularly. The rooms are terribly old, but I thought they were clean. So, apart from cleanliness, mediocre. The pool is a disaster, dirty, the bottom is stone and it is obvious that it has not been cleaned. Room cleaning (there is practically no cleaning, you need to remind yourself every day), food (monotony and huge queues for dinner), unfortunately, all this left only negative impressions, the big plus of this hotel is the territory, but whether to close your eyes to everything else is up to you . It is also a successful hotel in terms of cleanliness. It is successful in terms of common areas and room cleaning, and its staff is experienced and friendly. The beach and pools are very clean and comfortable. Čaglar for his interest, the comments before my departure really scared me, but we had a great vacation, yes, but we only cleaned the room, we went with him a 6 month old baby, everything from soups to desserts was very tasty, we left hungry, I wonder what you eat at home? The rooms are cleaned regularly, and the minibar has enough drinks.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 7.8
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 39
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: Comment: A great hotel for family vacations, a large area and a beautiful beach. We thank the Venezia family :)) 20. I saw a family whose child urinated on himself many times in the water park, and then went into the water as if nothing had happened. The hotel is just an ideal place for family vacations with children. As a family whose priority is our child's happiness, would we choose this hotel again? While we expected a standard room for 3 people upon arrival at the hotel, we were very happy to receive a large family room. The family room we were given was very spacious with a large balcony and a nice view. It looked like they were working in the family business, like they saved the world, it was just a cocktail. Comment: As a family that rests in the hotel every year, we want to share our impressions. Yorum: Hello, we stayed with my family from 4 to 7 September, I would like to thank Mr. I want to thank the family and staff of Venezia Palace for making this vacation fun, quality and good. Čaglar for his interest, the comments before my departure really scared me, but we had a great vacation, yes, but we only cleaned the room, we went with him a 6 month old baby, everything from soups to desserts was very tasty, we left hungry, I wonder what you eat at home? The water park is very interesting for children, and its adult part is very large and diverse. The water park is a lot of fun for children, and the adult part is very large and varied. Note: This hotel is best for families with children and older guests. They say that children under the age of 10 are not allowed to visit the water park. They made a special water park for children under 10 years old, they should use it, it's a good idea. Breakfast is good, for lunch there are incomprehensible soups, children and even adults do not eat them. It is not a convenient amphitheater for evening shows, why are there bar tables and tables, again for adults, but it is not convenient for children. Vacationed with a friend and together with four children. A cool water park, a decent children's club, where you can really leave children and they will be interested there. In the room, we accidentally broke the glass curtain in the bathroom, gesture relation Ahmet Uman, came to the room, quickly called for cleaning, sincerely worried about our children. There is a very nice children's water park for small children, even my wife and I spent half an hour there :) There are eateries where you can order pizza, hamburger, meat doner, pita, chicken for lunch and waiters will bring it, but, unfortunately, to find a place here requires a lot of effort and effort, you have to stand in long queues, but the tastes are above average :) In general, they serve the same thing for dinner, I think the menu should be. They said the rooms are very old and will be updated and they don't have much taste for children or adults, I don't know why there is a closed patisserie, but there was a place in the closed tower, but the waiter service was shown as skates for the beach side , unfortunately, this was not on the video. The hotel is just an ideal place for family vacations with children. Although the children's aqua zone is good, it is also crowded. Subsequently, if in the water park for adults, my child and I were allowed to ride down the slow slides for the first 3 days, then for the last 2 days we were not allowed in the water park, because we were told that it was not allowed for children. Yorum: We spent 3 nights and 4 days of vacation with 2 adults and 2 children in the first week of September. Preferred hotel for children. Yorum: We were very uncomfortable when we looked at the comments about the vacation we spent with our two children between August 12-16, with the recommendation of Jolly tour. There was no special demand for the adult Aquapark, because all the adults occupied the children's Aquapark. There were even those who left their children and lived their childhood 🤣🤣 For us it was a good holiday 36. This created significant inconvenience, especially for children. During the painting of the paving slabs, the staff did not take care to install the necessary pointers, and as a result, our children got traces of paint on their heels, which had to be wiped off with tools for a long time. For three hours of extension (for children's sleep), we were charged 400 euros (extension per day), which seems extremely inappropriate and unreasonable. The pools are very large and very interesting for children. There is both a normal children's pool and a water park pool, and the adult water park is also very interesting. mainly families with children stay in the hotel. Our room had a large bed and a small children's bed, the air conditioner cools well, full Wi-Fi in the hotel.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 9.6
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: There are dance shows and live music in the evening, but you need to arrive at least 1 hour in advance to get a seat. The music system is provided by 2 speakers placed by the pool instead of scattered throughout the area and you have to listen to it from 10.00am to 12.00am whether you like it or not. Evening entertainment such as live music was good, but I expected it to appeal more to Turks rather than Russian songs and entertainment aimed at Russians. The noise in the main restaurant is at maximum level, it is impossible to hear the music etc. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45. ** As for the evening entertainment, there were good and attentive teams, which I have not seen before, DJ performance, etc. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45.

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 9.5
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 6
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45. It is not a convenient amphitheater for evening shows, why are there bar tables and tables, again for adults, but it is not convenient for children. - The team of animators and evening shows are not satisfactory, the whole program is routine. There are dance shows and live music in the evening, but you need to arrive at least 1 hour in advance to get a seat. Evening entertainment such as live music was good, but I expected it to appeal more to Turks rather than Russian songs and entertainment aimed at Russians. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45.

Özel Menü için rating: 3.6
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 3
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: The walks between meals are very narrow, you cannot send a child alone, not even a small one, he will simply be crushed by a crowd of people. We stayed for 5 nights and 6 days and the food was always the same (grilled food was served at all meals. Breakfast and meals are not bad, but standard (I would have expected more visual appearance of tandoori beef, lamb chop, optional large fish, pastrami or various culinary delicacies.

Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için rating: 10.0
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 2
Rahat Uyku Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: In general, the rest was good and calm. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 10.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 1
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: There is both a normal children's pool and a water park pool, and the adult water park is also very interesting.

