Otel İsmi: Xafira Deluxe Resort

Yorum bulunan konu başlıkları: ['Su Kaydırağı', 'Hizmet Kalitesi', 'Hijyenik Tatil', 'Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş)', 'Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş)', 'Evcil Hayvanla Tatil', 'Parti Deneyimi', 'Kumsal', 'Rahat Uyku Deneyimi', 'Spor Alanları', 'Gece Eğlence Programı', 'Çocuk Havuz Alanı', 'Ulaşım İmkanları', 'Spa and Wellness', 'Balayı', 'Özel Menü']

Su Kaydırağı için rating: 6.5
Su Kaydırağı için toplam yorum sayısı: 394
Su Kaydırağı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The hotel is huge, big clean pools, cold water slides. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. Always clean, delicious food, big clean pools and water slides. The water park features large slides and a pirate-themed water slide for the little ones. We really liked everything, big and clean pools, fresh water slides. The swimming pools with slides for children are also nice. (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. The only thing I can say about the adult ones is that my joints hurt when I slide down the triple slide. - slides for children and adults, but open only from 10 a.m. You can't slide down the slides, your back hurts. There are only 4 slides, they hurt your back too. The hotel is huge, big clean pools, cold water slides. The water park is not very safe, you can tear your skin or scratch yourself on the joints of the slides. lifted, the spaces in the slides have opened up. Apart from that, only 1 slide was not working. The only thing that can be praised is the swimming pool, a large space, the second facility with slides was an attraction for both children and adults. Slide: It's a shame that it's not open all day, I find that it closes early at 5pm, but that's a shame, otherwise there are plenty of slides, whether for children or adults. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. Always clean, delicious food, big clean pools and water slides. It slides dangerously heavy dangerously. Varied food in the restaurant, slides and large, clean pools. The water park features large slides and a pirate-themed water slide for the little ones. The pool is also very nice with separate slides. * Fantastic pool scenery * Great slide - just a shame the Cobra slide wasn't open. As for the pools, there is nothing to complain about, except that the pools with slides are open until 4:00 pm. We really liked everything, big and clean pools, fresh water slides. Also, what made our stay at the hotel great was the animation team who made sure we were never bored, with the pool games and parties, so if I ever thought of going back there, it would only be thanks to them. The pools are dirty, sandy and salty, every part of the hotel is different. We were given a room with a view of the pools, if you are traveling with small children you should keep in mind that there is very loud music every day until 24 hours. Every day in the fitness pool, but for some reason they do not allow children to participate. The pool water is clean, but the sun loungers and everything around them are dirty and covered with tape. The pool area is a big plus of the hotel: the outdoor pool is big, clean and you can easily find free sun loungers (I was there the last week of September). The swimming pools with slides for children are also nice. The indoor pool was not open. There is food almost all day long on the beach, by the pool, in the water park. The pool is dirty, but it's the tourists' fault. Smoking of pets should be prohibited in the pools and amphitheater. • The size of the sun loungers and the pool was sufficient, but it was not a very comfortable situation since they were at the bottom of the pool. • There was always sand in the pool (at the bottom). (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. One of the disadvantages for me is the density of the pool and the hygiene that is experienced due to the overcrowding of the hotel. We checked into the hotel at 9am and took advantage of everything including breakfast, pool, etc. The pools are nice and the Aqua Proper is nice too. The food is varied, you will definitely not go hungry, but it gets boring, we were there for 9 nights and we already spent time not knowing what to eat, because they cooked, I didn't want to anymore) But there is always something to eat) The pool is clean, sun loungers too, always The employees walk around and monitor the cleanliness, which cannot be said about the guests who are not allowed to throw away their glass. The pool and water park were very nice, we had a lot of fun. Swimming pool, animation, good shows! - The good thing is the size of the room and the fact that there are swimming pools and a water park for all tastes. I saw a huge cockroach by the pool, I didn't have my phone, I couldn't capture it. The sea is wavy, you can't go into the pool, it's too crowded, the electric cables pass over the children's pool. In addition, the pools were not cleaned properly, we had an epidemic of diarrhea and vomiting and my son barely recovered. Yes, the pool and Aqua are sufficient, but if you ask if they are clean, it is difficult to say yes. There is a children's pool next to the hotel and a large one connected to it on the other side of the square. There are animations in the pool led by a DJ. Lots of sun loungers by the pool. It was 12 at night, just as the pool bar closed, I asked if he could get me a glass of ice, it was closed, he said the lobby was open, he said I could get it from there. The children came out of the pool and got sick because they were cold. 2-The best part of the hotel was the pool and water park, but there was sand at the bottom of the pool, probably not cleaned enough. We went down to the pool, the pools were dirty, I didn't see them cleaned in 4 days, and we had glass shards stuck to our feet. One time there was a huge cockroach in the food distribution area by the pool, and when we alerted him. The pool was very crowded and very hot. Yorum: The hotel looks great, you can sunbathe by the pool, there is even a bus that takes you to the beach every 10 minutes. There is no menu, every day at the pool, potatoes, chicken. A glass broke in the children's pool. We collected half a glass from the pool with a friend. Today someone urinated in the pool and the pool was never closed and we entered that pool without knowing it. The hot pool, gym and disco are closed. The pool has no lifeguards around, and one of my family members was seriously injured in the pool and there was no one around to help us. The pool is nice but there is no security. - The animations are nice and there is fun, but sometimes until late at night and this can bother others who have a room next to the pools. -Dirty and unkempt bathrooms near the pools and the beach (but this mess is created by people relaxing). The cleanliness, the food, the hygiene, the pool and especially the sea are terrible. I wouldn't mind the comments here, but should I really be worried about the money I paid for the kids to get germs from the pool and get sick on the second day of vacation? At the hotel we booked all-inclusive, they order ice cream by the pool, money for waffles, and a scoop of ice cream costs two euros. The towels we bought when we went down to the pool smelled damp, as if they had been dried and handed out without washing. nice pool The water parks were nice. There is no one serving in the restaurant, nor is there anyone collecting what you eat or drink on the sun loungers by the pool. The pools and water parks are beautiful and as a hotel guest, I have a few recommendations. We were greeted very kindly at the main entrance, our room was spotless, cleaned every day, towels changed, pool was clean, food and buffet was good, everything was perfect, evening activities etc. All poolside bars are free, but paid ones are indicated. Poolside ice cream and buffet bars are complimentary. The food is good, but the pancakes, doner and kumpiri by the pool are great. The pool is big and good, but dirty from time to time. The pool is large, clean, with a depth of 1.4 m throughout. The main bar next to the pool smells like sour milk and something else, not very pleasant. People fight over sun loungers at the same pool every day, everyone is fighting each other. There is too much chlorine in the pool. The pool at the Aquapark was bad. There is a pool and a sea to choose from, the staff helps you with any questions if you ask, and the animation is just great, I have been to many hotels, but here the shows are memorable and the guys have fantastic dances and all the activities, the drinks are well served, you don't feel like you are being cheated, as it often happens in other places 63. Rooms are cleaned every 3 days, the children's pool is terrible, the child had pooped in the pool there and 1 day later the child got sick. Were the pools quite full of warm water? - We couldn't find Shenzong by the pool. - The pool is big. The hotel is huge, big clean pools, cold water slides. Cold baked potatoes, pizzas prepared by the pool, you have to go buy the cutlery yourself. Big clean pools and a cool water park. Yorum: Huge facilities, with a spa, indoor and outdoor pools, gym, restaurant, shops and water park. The main pools are very nice, the only downside is a lot of hair and dirty sun loungers. Aqua aerobics and zumba in the pool. in the pool area. The pools are very large, the water park is also large and the hotel in general is large. The restaurant section is inadequate, we have difficulty finding a table, the food is always the same, the staff is inadequate, the tables are dirty, the pool sides are dirty, the sun loungers are dirty, our room is in the section facing the pool. , the pool or its edges were not washed even once. The only good thing about it is its pool and its water. The pool and water park are nice and sufficient. The staff is trying their best but it is inadequate, especially the lady who makes pancakes at your house and by the pool is beyond amazing. There are no empty sun loungers to be found at the pool and the pool is so blurry that you can't see inside. The bar where you can buy drinks is only available by the pool, and every time you want to buy a drink, you have to queue for 15-20 minutes, like in the army. Room facing the pool, with incredibly loud noise from 10am. The pool scenery is quite nice. For the conditions of this hotel, I think the pool is really good. However, the pool bar is a disaster, dirty and always understaffed like so many other places. The pool area is nice, the beach is not attractive. Unfortunately the pool is dirty. The pool is huge and there are always free sun loungers. The shower water was so bad one night that it was all yellow, the beach was very bad and full of rocks, I suggest you only use the pool which was very nice. Also, what made our stay at the hotel great was the animation team who made sure we were never bored, with the pool games and parties, so if I ever thought of going back there, it would only be thanks to them. Half an hour for a drink at the lobby bar, pool bar. At the main pool, there are only chicken meatballs, bim pizza and chicken doner every day. The pools are most likely filled with salt coke machines, not regular water. Zero hygiene, pool, sea, food, terrible service. hotel to fill up, they have put a bar next to the pool in the huge hotel, the dining room closes at 4, you can't find anything else to eat after dinner, you can't find anything to drink after 12 at night, their alcohol is terrible, unheard of drinks, normal types of drinks. What I paid most attention to was the pool. The swimming pool was also very clean. You cannot choose a towel outside the hotel pool or beach. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. You can choose the pool if you want to go to bed and build a pool, it is really a shame. The pool bar area has an unbearable smell of spoiled food and sewage and the drinks are of poor quality. Pool and hotel activities: 3 stars. The baby pools are very deep. The pools were nice and quiet and I didn't notice any overcrowding. I have never had any problems with the sun loungers on the beach or at the pool. The food is tasteless, the wifi is paid in the rooms, the pools are dirty. It is a very busy hotel and you feel like you are in China when you enter the pool. It was impossible to find an empty lounge chair by the pool without touching each other. Yorum: In a word, it's a shame, it's a shame, we stayed between September 28th and October 2nd, the rooms are dirty, there is no cleaning, the food is a shame, we could only eat French fries, they bring the dirty vegetables without washing them, the waiters are a separate disaster, they close the restaurant at 9:30 pm, they turn off the lights, the pools smell dirty, everyone has an eye infection, most of the staff are arrogant, they are worried about staying if it is like this. In the pool bar area the smell is unbearable and the drinks served are of poor quality. At the pool, especially during these Christmas holidays, rubbish is taken under the bridges. The pool area is not cleaned regularly, the milkshake spilled in the morning remains there until the evening. I experienced that expression again; 'If it's cheap, there's a reason, if it's expensive, there's a reason' First of all, the pool is beautiful. Even ice cream at the pool is paid for, everything is missing in the rooms, not even cotton buds are included. When you arrive late to the pool, you can't find sun loungers or umbrellas, and the staff solution is full, so there's nothing you can do. The pool and bar systems were a system that I can say was 9 out of 10. They tried to make a disco by the pool with ridiculous music, people dress up and dance, but still try to have fun in the pool. The only thing that can be praised is the swimming pool, a large space, the second facility with slides was an attraction for both children and adults. Overall opinion of the hotel: good atmosphere near the hotel, good animation, average food (no starvation), excellent games by the pool, good music in… 136. At reception they immediately ask for an extra charge for a better room, rooms are quite dirty, towels were not always changed with clean ones, ice cream and popcorn are paid extra at the main pool, free ice cream at the small pool only from 2-4pm and only three kinds, no drinks card at the bar, bartender did not always prepare the drink you ordered, and there was a daily battle for sun loungers, after breakfast, 90% of the time. The territory itself is huge, there are several swimming pools and its own water park. The pools: a little poorly cleaned but otherwise fine. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. The logs and coffee tables by the pool are dirty. Also, towels cannot be taken outside or near the pool. Always clean, delicious food, big clean pools and water slides. Yorum: If you dreamed of having a nice cocktail or whiskey by the pool before coming on vacation, don't worry; because there is no such thing. All types of alcohol are served in small plastic cups by the pool, making you feel like you're at your neighborhood park with your family. Thank you for the pancakes served at the pool bar. The water from the fountain literally tasted like pool water. It is a wonderful hotel, we never left the pool. Varied food in the restaurant, slides and large, clean pools. The pool is also large but it is very crowded and in some places you get sand on your feet. Yorum: The rooms were clean, the pool water is not hygienic, there are too many pool alternatives. The only advantage of the hotel was the swimming pools. When we go to the pool, the cleaners always clean our room and make animals out of towels. The water park was so much fun and the zoomba in the pool was so fun and entertaining. The pool stinks, people everywhere! There are no drinks in the pool except water. Yorum: The hotel was great, the pool was very clean. 3-Pools: There are 3 large pools, one for adults, one for children, two water park pools and one for general use. No problem with sun loungers and shade at the pools. There are poolside bars serving delicious snacks and drinks for those who skip breakfast or lunch. There is always some kind of poolside entertainment during the day and an evening show on the stage every night. The hotel has a main pool and across the street there is a water park. Unfortunately, both pools were dirty and salty, with no chlorine at all. During my 11 day stay, I have not seen the pool cleaned. My children experienced stomach pain and vomiting, which could be due to the pool water or the food. Meanwhile, there is an ice cream and waffle stand at the hotel's main pool, but you have to pay for it. The restaurant and pool bar serve the same food every day. The interior is beautiful, large, the pool is beautiful and large. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Pool**: Very large pool with plenty of room for both swimming and sunbathing. **Summary:** - Air conditioning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Reception: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Animation team: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Swimming pool: ⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Room cleaning: ⭐️⭐️ - Restaurant: Not even one star. , we literally ate burgers and chips for days by the pool, the kids got tired of fast food, at lunch time, oh I mean soup, it's prepared soup, tourists don't get that much value, there were so many. Big pool, good music and animation))|The beach is very close, a bus runs every 10 minutes, it is very convenient. The food is delicious and varied, the pools are big and clean, a great water park, the snack bar always has a variety of drinks and food throughout the day, I want to come back, thank you all for the holiday! 6- The pools are large, the number of sun loungers is sufficient, the water park is very good, it is fun for children... The only plus is the outdoor pool and pool bars. The pool is also very nice with separate slides. * Fantastic pool scenery * Great slide - just a shame the Cobra slide wasn't open. Same at the pool bar: long waiting times, regardless of whether it was day or night. Our conclusion: once and never again In my opinion: Pool: 5 stars Food and service: 2 stars Cleanliness and condition: 2 stars Location: good Recommendation: NO 192. There are no forks in the dining room, they have brought people of all races and no one tells them the rules, they are very dirty, they eat in the pool, they eat with their hands and they hold the dining room spoons. The pool houses are never cleaned, everyone who comes in seems to have diarrhea, and no toilet paper is provided. The pool area is very dirty, there is a lot of mud there, I felt very dirty sitting there and there are a lot of people busy and there is not much space. Yorum: STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!||It's a piece of shit with a capital L..||No hygiene, both in the rooms, the pool and the restaurants. The pool is not cleaned, we have been here for 7 nights and not once have we seen that… 198. As for the pools, there is nothing to complain about, except that the pools with slides are open until 4:00 pm. They didn't take out trash from my room for 2 days, they didn't leave toilet paper and they didn't clean, the food was plentiful but always the same variety, only the pools weren't bad, it's very crowded and the elevators are small so you have to wait a long time for the elevators, especially on the last day we had a problem with the sunbeds, the same day my bed was ready in 2 hours. However, the pool attendant defended the other guests because he was a foreigner and laughed us off. We really liked everything, big and clean pools, fresh water slides. I was fed up with eating burgers and fries by the pool. Anyway, let's go to the pool. Yorum: Very good hotel, pool, food and clean facilities. Yes, the hotel is very large in terms of capacity, but the restaurants, pools, water parks and beaches are inadequate for this capacity. I think the poolside activities were enough. Yorum: The hotel pool was very good. The problem is that there is a bad smell in the pool. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, everything was great, activities in the pool, service, rooms, everything was as we wanted, it was very pleasant, we stayed for a week, we recommend it to everyone, we are thinking of coming back, thanks to The animation team wishes you a good day. The pool is big. For example, while you were at the pool at noon, you wanted to have coffee and tea and tea and dessert with dessert. Yorum: The hotel is really big and has a lot to offer, from beautiful swimming pools to the entertainment group that offers many fitness classes, games and nightly shows. You have to wait 10 minutes in line even to get drinks at the pool bar. |dirty pool bar |main bar very nice |restaurant very busy and food not hot |My husband had a… 230. Unfortunately the hotel in general is very dirty, including the pool and beach. Swimming pools. Overall, the pools are probably the only thing not to complain about, although the lack of trash bins and the trash thrown everywhere are not a very pleasant sight. Yorum: Overall the hotel is nice, big, with a big pool and a water park. No cleaning is carried out in public places (showers, toilets, swimming pools). The pool closes at 6pm, but after that it's nice to just swim. Yorum: The pool is good, the entertainer and the people at reception are friendly and helpful, however the food is not very good, the cleaning is poorly done but the rooms are quite good in general. In addition, the salt water coming out of all the taps was a big problem. After checking into your room, you cannot benefit from any of the hotel facilities, you cannot even buy water. Sea water comes out of the rooms, it is salty and sandy. There is no kettle in the room to heat water. Rest assured that the hosts always speak a foreign language, they don't speak Turkish, the desserts are extremely bad, definitely not edible, you can't even get a good coffee, I don't know if the coffee machine is broken or if they add water the drinks come out tasteless and there is no restaurant where you can order coffee or drinks. The pool water is clean, but the sun loungers and everything around them are dirty and covered with tape. There is food almost all day long on the beach, by the pool, in the water park. The water park serves three types of ice cream from 2 to 4 pm. The rooms stink from the bathroom and when you open the balcony, water leaks out from under the sink through the joints, the air conditioning was very cold even at 28 degrees. The tasteless bananas appeared 2 days before departure and the watermelon was tasteless. The gate to the water park was closed so we had to carry the stroller up and down steep stairs in the mud. Too much water was added to the drinks, it was very bad. The pool and water park were very nice, we had a lot of fun. Great water park for kids! First of all, we are a honeymoon couple and there wasn't even a glass of water to drink in our room, let alone a plate of fruit and wine. I'm writing from the second day and there is still no water even though I called reception twice. The water you shower with is sea water. The worst thing is that in our sound room, from the definition of the surrounding rooms, including the side, top and bottom ones, when they turn on the water or flush the toilet, there are vibrations as if they are working behind the walls with a drill and it sounds like a horn for long seconds. - The good thing is the size of the room and the fact that there are swimming pools and a water park for all tastes. -I should point out before we dive in that salt water flows from the springs. Alcoholic drinks like Coca Cola, soda and sugar water are a complete flop. They give you a paper at the entrance and it says that the first day they will put soft drinks in the refrigerator and the next day they will put water in the refrigerator, but none of this happened. Water bottles were left in front of the door! The only problem with the hotel was that the water was salty. No, there was not even a sip of water left. As you know, salt water flows from the springs, what more can I say? I recommend bringing water shoes because there are a lot of rocks. The downside is that the ice cream is only a twister and a cone sold at the water park. the water is salty 6. One day there was no water for 2 hours. There was no hot water between 5:30 p.m. 2-The best part of the hotel was the pool and water park, but there was sand at the bottom of the pool, probably not cleaned enough. We went to the room, the room and bathroom were very dirty, the shower head was covered with moss because the water came from the sea :) I came from Istanbul, we decided to eat and found the cafe after asking. Speaking of food, no meat, lots of pasta, raw rice, chicken and fish :) The main problem is the hotel's water supply. When I say source, the water comes directly from the sea :) it is incredibly salty and the worst thing is that the food, pasta, glasses, etc. They clean themselves with this water, I'm not counting their personal cleaning in the shower. There is no cleanliness, there is an incredible body odor because you shower with salt water :) It is considered child-friendly, but it is child-friendly. It is a hotel with beautiful water, which is not managed in much detail. People who slip in the water park hurt their hands and back because the silicone is old. We had a room for 4 people, but when we arrived they forgot to make our daughter's bedding, and then they gave us a minibar as they wanted (not every day) and only 3 waters. -water in the coolers on a regular basis Defects -definitely a very small beach and damaged sun loungers. -watered down drinks -Internet only in the lobby and very weak. Salt water runs in the room. You don't even put water in the refrigerator. You can't swim in the sea because of the dirt, the showers don't work and the water doesn't flow. nice pool The water parks were nice. The pools and water parks are beautiful and as a hotel guest, I have a few recommendations. And the tap water doesn't taste good. The rooms are dirty, the water is not clear. "Ultra all-inclusive" is impossible, because even Wi-Fi is paid for and the minibar is filled only with drinking water. 3- The children's water is at a sufficient level. There is not enough water for adults. We walked into the room thinking it was ready, but there was hair on the floor, there wasn't even water in the cupboard and there was no shampoo or anything in the bathroom. The power went out, the water went out. There is only salt water in the entire hotel. We had to brush our teeth with bottled water. We all threw up, according to the doctor it was probably because of the water. It was important for the children that there was plenty of fun in the water, and the adjacent water park in particular made a great impression. Were the pools quite full of warm water? I was wondering if the swimming water was changed periodically. It was all inclusive but the minibar was only filled with cold water. There were stains and oils as if it had just been washed with water. Positive aspects: - There is a water park. The hotel is huge, big clean pools, cold water slides. The toilet in the room has dirty stains, the brush is like that, the stones in the bathroom are also covered with lime water, dirt and rust. Big clean pools and a cool water park. Yorum: Huge facilities, with a spa, indoor and outdoor pools, gym, restaurant, shops and water park. There is water left every day, a bottle for everyone. If the staff does not enter the room, there is water at the door. Large bathroom, large shower, hot water, WC with bidet, hair dryer. The water park is not very safe, you can tear your skin or scratch yourself on the joints of the slides. Water available at every step. The pools are very large, the water park is also large and the hotel in general is large. The taste of the drinks is very bad, half of them are filled with water and they taste disgusting. The only good thing about it is its pool and its water. The pool and water park are nice and sufficient. We asked for water in the room and it was brought to us on the 4th day 😅 so there was nothing we were satisfied with. The shower water is lukewarm most of the time and does not get hot. The water park is beautiful. The water in the sink drains very slowly. In 8 days we only refilled the refrigerator with water twice. We had to constantly ask for water, cleaning, change of towels or toilet paper. The beach was very small, more stones than sand, and the prices for water sports were very high. The shower water was so bad one night that it was all yellow, the beach was very bad and full of rocks, I suggest you only use the pool which was very nice. Yorum: We checked into a large room for $50, with three balconies, a luxury room with sea view.|The hotel area is well maintained, nice, the water park is not big, but good, especially the pirate one… 97. The water park is huge, children will not be bored. Yorum: There is only water in the hotel. Furthermore, the sea has never been cleaned, it is rocky, there is no sand, the water is cloudy, you see it once and you will never see it again. The water is salty. The pools are most likely filled with salt coke machines, not regular water. I asked the waiters if I could have some water. Was it because the sister who made the pancake said that it was unscrupulous for her to go 5 minutes before the end of her shift or because there was no water in the mini bar that I was shocked by the bad smells coming from the common area? areas, dirty bathroom, lack of toiletries in rooms, lack of shampoo in shower, no alcohol other than beer, mud on vegetables, couldn't believe the plates, we were looking for cutlery at dinner time, There was no drinks service at dinner, we queued and waited for water for 25 minutes. The hotel rooms are large and spacious, but they are not very clean and the water smells strongly of sewage. Yorum: The first day they give you all the juice, lemonade, water and mineral water. And in the rest there is plain water, but it doesn't always arrive, so you have to go to reception yourself and ask. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. Water activities are not permitted with your small child, so alternatives for families with babies and children are dwindling. Lots of drinks, water is closed. The waters are beautiful. The water park for children was quite large and we really enjoyed it. The territory itself is huge, there are several swimming pools and its own water park. Ninety percent of the drinks taste like water, you want to drink coffee, you only taste water, tea, the food is bad, the variety of food at the free buffet has very little flavor, 0 it was the worst vacation of my life. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. Large water parks for children and a great entertainment team await you for a fun time. They are not cooling the fridge, they put 3 Coca-Colas, 3 Fantas and water in it until it came out. The minibar only contains juices and water. Always clean, delicious food, big clean pools and water slides. If you go to the lobby and ask for a glass of whiskey, don't say that either, the situation there is not much different because they still surprise you by giving you the whiskey with a glass of water. Now all the alcohol is in a glass and it's like water. The water from the fountain literally tasted like pool water. Yorum: The rooms were clean, the pool water is not hygienic, there are too many pool alternatives. I didn't use the water park so I can't comment on that. Yorum: First of all, there is no kettle, no coffee or water in the rooms. On the last day they didn't bother to put water in the training room. The water park was so much fun and the zoomba in the pool was so fun and entertaining. There are no drinks in the pool except water. They put two metvelisu in the bar, there is no other drink than water and 2 fruit juices! 3-Pools: There are 3 large pools, one for adults, one for children, two water park pools and one for general use. The hotel has a main pool and across the street there is a water park. My children experienced stomach pain and vomiting, which could be due to the pool water or the food. The water park features large slides and a pirate-themed water slide for the little ones. There is free ice cream at the water park between 2 and 4 pm, but there are only two flavors. Drinks are like water. The only things that were always available were rice and watermelon. The hotel is very big, you constantly have to walk somewhere, The only good thing is the water park, it is safe and fun for small children, would we choose it again? The food is delicious and varied, the pools are big and clean, a great water park, the snack bar always has a variety of drinks and food throughout the day, I want to come back, thank you all for the holiday! 6- The pools are large, the number of sun loungers is sufficient, the water park is very good, it is fun for children... and then the food is taken away and there is no one to control it, Anyway there is no drink, it is all a mixture of water and it never tastes good. We go to the water park during the day and have fun, there are activities, we are never idle, the animation team takes very good care of us, it is nice in the evenings after the shows, the price of the. You feel disgusted by the cupboard where you take out the water. We really liked everything, big and clean pools, fresh water slides. The mini bar consisted of water only. The animation was very bad, there was nothing but water polo, the activities were terrible. Yes, the hotel is very large in terms of capacity, but the restaurants, pools, water parks and beaches are inadequate for this capacity. On the first day, sea water flowed from the fountains. At every meal other fruits you cannot buy in the market paying money, the drinks are very bad, cola drinks, sugar water, most of the drinks you know have very low acidity, this hotel has very low quality of service in general, it is a mediocre hotel, I say do not go there.... The water park was very nice. Water circulation is not sufficient. They didn't even give us proper water even though we asked for it, it's a cheap place with limited everything. Yorum: The hotel was very nice, the food, room cleanliness and service were top notch, the water park was quite large. 4 days, zero meat, always chicken and turkey, frozen hard fish, there is meat in the burger but not even my son ate it, saying "what kind of mother is this?" coke in the mini bar, 2 each, then only water, and if you don't go to dinner by 18.30 they burn you, not a plate or a glass left to rest. The water park is very good. -The bathroom water had problems, the water in the sink and shower turned orange from time to time, which was most likely contaminated. The water tasted very salty because we used it to gargle when we brushed our teeth. My main concern was that ALL the dishes were very dirty, food stains and dirty water marks. I had to wash my plate under the hot water machine (in the coffee machine) Due to the serious food hygiene problem, my children and I have been very sick with vomiting and diarrhea, obviously food poisoning at the resort restaurant. Yorum: Overall the hotel is nice, big, with a big pool and a water park. The drinks in the restaurant are a disgrace, all water... Watermelon was not served in the huge hotel even for a single day. 2 glasses at a time no water came to the room for 2 days. The swimming pools with slides for children are also nice. Swimming pool, animation, good shows! - The good thing is the size of the room and the fact that there are swimming pools and a water park for all tastes. I was wondering if the swimming water was changed periodically. The swimming pool was also very clean. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. The only thing that can be praised is the swimming pool, a large space, the second facility with slides was an attraction for both children and adults. The territory itself is huge, there are several swimming pools and its own water park. The only advantage of the hotel was the swimming pools. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Pool**: Very large pool with plenty of room for both swimming and sunbathing. **Summary:** - Air conditioning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Reception: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Animation team: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Swimming pool: ⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Room cleaning: ⭐️⭐️ - Restaurant: Not even one star. Yorum: The hotel is really big and has a lot to offer, from beautiful swimming pools to the entertainment group that offers many fitness classes, games and nightly shows. Swimming pools. No cleaning is carried out in public places (showers, toilets, swimming pools). All poolside bars are free, but paid ones are indicated. Poolside ice cream and buffet bars are complimentary. There are poolside bars serving delicious snacks and drinks for those who skip breakfast or lunch. There is always some kind of poolside entertainment during the day and an evening show on the stage every night. I think the poolside activities were enough. The pool area is a big plus of the hotel: the outdoor pool is big, clean and you can easily find free sun loungers (I was there the last week of September). in the pool area. The pool area is nice, the beach is not attractive. The pool area is not cleaned regularly, the milkshake spilled in the morning remains there until the evening. The pool area is very dirty, there is a lot of mud there, I felt very dirty sitting there and there are a lot of people busy and there is not much space. Also, what made our stay at the hotel great was the animation team who made sure we were never bored, with the pool games and parties, so if I ever thought of going back there, it would only be thanks to them. Also, what made our stay at the hotel great was the animation team who made sure we were never bored, with the pool games and parties, so if I ever thought of going back there, it would only be thanks to them.

Hizmet Kalitesi için rating: 5.7
Hizmet Kalitesi için toplam yorum sayısı: 307
Hizmet Kalitesi için tüm sonuçlar metni: In addition to this, the attitude of the hotel staff was very disrespectful. Don't expect friendliness from the hotel staff. However, the restaurant is quite dirty: the air vents next to the roof windows are a mess, the trolleys used by the staff to collect the dishes are a mess, the plates are clean but stained. • Most of the staff, especially the waiters, were indifferent, the service was mediocre compared to a 5 star hotel. The staff was friendly, we loved it, they were very polite. I don't think it's clean enough, but I don't want to overstate it because it's very busy and the staff is trying to keep up. The hotel staff is friendly. All the staff were friendly, they welcomed us well and showed us to our room. Everything was great 👍 Thanks to the staff for a great holiday! The hotel staff were good and friendly. The rooms are very clean, the staff is friendly, we have nothing to say about that, but such a nice hotel could only be managed so badly. It would be more accurate to say that while we were in the room, we called the staff and cleaned it together, showing them here and there. I can say that the staff are partially good, some of them are very friendly while some just show their smiling face and help if there is some tip, otherwise you don't even care about anyone. The most important thing is that there is not a single friendly staff in the hotel. The staff speaks to the customers in a scolding manner, as if they are working under pressure, all the staff are at an insufficient level and there is no responsible person walking around the hotel. Even though I told the staff on duty not to come between 2 and 4 pm because I was putting the child to bed, they came at that time every day, I told them to come before 2 or after 4 pm every day. The cafeteria staff argue with people and make nonchalant statements like "you can go complain." 34. The amount of rude behavior we encountered from every member of the hotel staff is insane. - there were unwashed reusable plastic cups - Unfortunately, tourists leave a terrible mess and the staff can't always clean it up quickly, but they try. The staff is insufficient, the service is non-existent, it is crowded, the main dish is chicken and fish. There is no staff who knows cocktails. First of all, I would like to thank the management and staff of our hotel. Yorum: The hotel is big and nice, the staff is friendly and attentive. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, but the hotel is a weak 4 star. The alcohol is bad, but the staff and bartenders readily request "stronger" so that's a plus. The staff is unfriendly. In terms of entertainment, the staff were friendly, but everything else was food and drink. There is a pool and a sea to choose from, the staff helps you with any questions if you ask, and the animation is just great, I have been to many hotels, but here the shows are memorable and the guys have fantastic dances and all the activities, the drinks are well served, you don't feel like you are being cheated, as it often happens in other places 63. The floors were covered in carpet, I warned the staff downstairs, but they called me to warn the people upstairs, and the customers were strange... Yorum: I came with friends, checked in immediately and the staff was very polite. Overall the attitude of the staff was good. I would also like to thank all the staff, from the kitchen cook to the chef, for serving such a variety of food to so many people, especially in the dessert section, from the sorbet section. The reception staff were pleasant and helpful. If the staff does not enter the room, there is water at the door. The restaurant section is inadequate, we have difficulty finding a table, the food is always the same, the staff is inadequate, the tables are dirty, the pool sides are dirty, the sun loungers are dirty, our room is in the section facing the pool. The staff is trying their best but it is inadequate, especially the lady who makes pancakes at your house and by the pool is beyond amazing. You tell the staff that fumigation is never done. However, the pool bar is a disaster, dirty and always understaffed like so many other places. The staff is really bad. The reception staff were supposed to speak German and English, but that didn't work at all. However, there are comments that more staff are required to clean the rooms well and pay attention to the cleanliness of the rooms and the refrigeration in the hotel is weak. All staff are respectful and polite. It is interesting that a hotel that is so bad in every aspect still provides service without correcting its deficiencies, especially the lack of respect from the reception and dining room staff is unacceptable. I think the cleaning staff should be completely overhauled and more employees hired. There is not enough staff for such a large hotel. Since the number of staff is low, the workload of the staff has increased and the current staff behave very aggressively towards customers. Yorum: We went on vacation as 4 people, the reception and reception are very nice, the rooms are nice, they come to clean every day, but the food is a disgrace, we stuffed ourselves with chips and pasta every day, there is an unpleasant smell in the dining room, the staff is extremely insufficient, ethical alcohol you know in terms of alcohol, the alcohol of the world, even if you drink it, you will not get high. The staff told me not to buy it because the internet service is not better. Safe and mostly friendly staff. and salmon The staff was attentive. Clean, very friendly staff. The staff is not at all qualified, they do not even have a basic level of English, which makes communication very difficult. The staff doesn't care and does nothing. The reception staff were also uncaring and unhelpful. Yorum: In a word, it's a shame, it's a shame, we stayed between September 28th and October 2nd, the rooms are dirty, there is no cleaning, the food is a shame, we could only eat French fries, they bring the dirty vegetables without washing them, the waiters are a separate disaster, they close the restaurant at 9:30 pm, they turn off the lights, the pools smell dirty, everyone has an eye infection, most of the staff are arrogant, they are worried about staying if it is like this. We have a complaint about the staff. The staff is unprofessional, they don't even have a basic level of English, which makes communication even more difficult. There were old staff at the reception. , it is problematic in terms of hygiene, I think the biggest problem is that they are trying to attract too many customers with too little staff, but unfortunately it doesn't work. When you arrive late to the pool, you can't find sun loungers or umbrellas, and the staff solution is full, so there's nothing you can do. The staff or the hotel in general is in very poor taste. The staff is friendly and not tired. There are a lot of staff. Lack of cleanliness also due to lack of staff I imagine because when we entered the mirror was not clean nor was the faucet or the floor or in any case poorly cleaned. The service: Definitely understaffed, but otherwise pleasant. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. The staff was very friendly and the food was really excellent. The number of staff is very insufficient. The staff who clean the rooms do not know English or Russian. Perhaps the guests are to blame, but also the staff, who are slow and unhelpful. Warm attitude of the staff. I appreciate the effort of the staff and especially the animation team, they were very good. The guests took the cakes with their hands and the staff did not intervene. The room, the room door was open, we had valuables inside, we told the hotel staff and the Jolly team, but we got no response. The staff were like our friends. The problem with the hotel is that the employees are very rude, they almost kill the children who work there, the staff is insufficient. The staff at the entrance and exit of the dining room were friendly. As the person, who we later learned was one of the company's partners, wandered around, we heard him calling to his staff in the lobby to stop work. The staff is incredibly unhappy. 1- Welcome: We are very pleased with the kindness and service approach of both Jolly Tour officer Goncagül Gürer and the reception staff. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Reception**: Very friendly and helpful staff. It looked like the cleaning staff used the same mop from another room where someone had vomited. The restaurant staff seemed not to care about the guests and treated us as if we were there for free. While doing this, the service staff stands still pretending to be busy. Since food is the most important part of vacation, I will give one star to the entire resort because the restaurant was unprofessional and dirty, and the staff did not care about the guests. The staff in the massage department were very friendly and nice people. They have staff who speak many languages ​​fluently. The staff here are very friendly and understanding. Unfortunately, Wi-Fi in the rooms is paid (( |Friendly staff, fluent in English and Russian, which is very convenient. THE ATTENTION OF THE STAFF, THE FOOD, THE CLEANLINESS, THERE IS NOTHING. Very friendly staff. All the staff are grumpy, except for our friend Mahmut in the lobby bar. I think you need to give a serious warning to the staff first. * Friendly but completely overwhelmed staff. Yorum: Hi, It is definitely not an ultra or all-inclusive hotel and the hygiene is 0, the staff is insufficient, the employees that are there are sullen, the lady standing at the pizzeria with a sullen look as if she is selling it for money, if you go to buy a snack at the bar, she puts on a different face. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. The staff is not polite. The staff is very polite. Yorum: The hotel was very shabby, poor service, staff was rude, the room was dirty, so I emphasize that it was really dirty, they never cleaned it properly. The hotel staff is diligent but not enough. Very friendly and motivated staff. Yorum: The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. I had no problems with this hotel, all the staff are very friendly and helpful. The staff is so nice and fun I would come just for them. In the restaurant the dishes are not washed, they are only cleaned, the staff is very rude. To make matters worse, the staff was unfriendly and unhelpful. The staff was very friendly. I think there is a need for major improvements in hygiene, food quality and customer service. We called customer service many times and they didn't clean it saying they would come clean it. The most important thing is that there is not a single friendly staff in the hotel. Safe and mostly friendly staff. Clean, very friendly staff. Unfortunately, Wi-Fi in the rooms is paid (( |Friendly staff, fluent in English and Russian, which is very convenient. Very friendly staff. Our first impression of the hotel was nice and then it was ruined by the blunt and unhelpful receptionist. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, but the hotel is a weak 4 star. The reception staff were pleasant and helpful. The reception staff were also uncaring and unhelpful. When I chose, I read the reviews and decided that my review might be helpful to someone. Perhaps the guests are to blame, but also the staff, who are slow and unhelpful. The entertainers were fun, sociable and always helpful if you asked for something. The people working at the front desk were very helpful. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Reception**: Very friendly and helpful staff. All the people who work at this hotel are friendly and very helpful. Halil was very helpful. I had no problems with this hotel, all the staff are very friendly and helpful. To make matters worse, the staff was unfriendly and unhelpful. Yorum: The pool is good, the entertainer and the people at reception are friendly and helpful, however the food is not very good, the cleaning is poorly done but the rooms are quite good in general. In addition to this, the attitude of the hotel staff was very disrespectful. Don't expect friendliness from the hotel staff. However, the restaurant is quite dirty: the air vents next to the roof windows are a mess, the trolleys used by the staff to collect the dishes are a mess, the plates are clean but stained. • Most of the staff, especially the waiters, were indifferent, the service was mediocre compared to a 5 star hotel. The staff was friendly, we loved it, they were very polite. I don't think it's clean enough, but I don't want to overstate it because it's very busy and the staff is trying to keep up. The hotel staff is friendly. All the staff were friendly, they welcomed us well and showed us to our room. Everything was great 👍 Thanks to the staff for a great holiday! The hotel staff were good and friendly. The rooms are very clean, the staff is friendly, we have nothing to say about that, but such a nice hotel could only be managed so badly. It would be more accurate to say that while we were in the room, we called the staff and cleaned it together, showing them here and there. I can say that the staff are partially good, some of them are very friendly while some just show their smiling face and help if there is some tip, otherwise you don't even care about anyone. The most important thing is that there is not a single friendly staff in the hotel. The staff speaks to the customers in a scolding manner, as if they are working under pressure, all the staff are at an insufficient level and there is no responsible person walking around the hotel. Even though I told the staff on duty not to come between 2 and 4 pm because I was putting the child to bed, they came at that time every day, I told them to come before 2 or after 4 pm every day. The cafeteria staff argue with people and make nonchalant statements like "you can go complain." 34. The amount of rude behavior we encountered from every member of the hotel staff is insane. - there were unwashed reusable plastic cups - Unfortunately, tourists leave a terrible mess and the staff can't always clean it up quickly, but they try. The staff is insufficient, the service is non-existent, it is crowded, the main dish is chicken and fish. There is no staff who knows cocktails. First of all, I would like to thank the management and staff of our hotel. Yorum: The hotel is big and nice, the staff is friendly and attentive. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, but the hotel is a weak 4 star. The alcohol is bad, but the staff and bartenders readily request "stronger" so that's a plus. The staff is unfriendly. In terms of entertainment, the staff were friendly, but everything else was food and drink. There is a pool and a sea to choose from, the staff helps you with any questions if you ask, and the animation is just great, I have been to many hotels, but here the shows are memorable and the guys have fantastic dances and all the activities, the drinks are well served, you don't feel like you are being cheated, as it often happens in other places 63. The floors were covered in carpet, I warned the staff downstairs, but they called me to warn the people upstairs, and the customers were strange... Yorum: I came with friends, checked in immediately and the staff was very polite. Overall the attitude of the staff was good. I would also like to thank all the staff, from the kitchen cook to the chef, for serving such a variety of food to so many people, especially in the dessert section, from the sorbet section. The reception staff were pleasant and helpful. If the staff does not enter the room, there is water at the door. The restaurant section is inadequate, we have difficulty finding a table, the food is always the same, the staff is inadequate, the tables are dirty, the pool sides are dirty, the sun loungers are dirty, our room is in the section facing the pool. The staff is trying their best but it is inadequate, especially the lady who makes pancakes at your house and by the pool is beyond amazing. You tell the staff that fumigation is never done. However, the pool bar is a disaster, dirty and always understaffed like so many other places. The staff is really bad. The reception staff were supposed to speak German and English, but that didn't work at all. However, there are comments that more staff are required to clean the rooms well and pay attention to the cleanliness of the rooms and the refrigeration in the hotel is weak. All staff are respectful and polite. It is interesting that a hotel that is so bad in every aspect still provides service without correcting its deficiencies, especially the lack of respect from the reception and dining room staff is unacceptable. I think the cleaning staff should be completely overhauled and more employees hired. There is not enough staff for such a large hotel. Since the number of staff is low, the workload of the staff has increased and the current staff behave very aggressively towards customers. Yorum: We went on vacation as 4 people, the reception and reception are very nice, the rooms are nice, they come to clean every day, but the food is a disgrace, we stuffed ourselves with chips and pasta every day, there is an unpleasant smell in the dining room, the staff is extremely insufficient, ethical alcohol you know in terms of alcohol, the alcohol of the world, even if you drink it, you will not get high. The staff told me not to buy it because the internet service is not better. Safe and mostly friendly staff. and salmon The staff was attentive. Clean, very friendly staff. The staff is not at all qualified, they do not even have a basic level of English, which makes communication very difficult. The staff doesn't care and does nothing. The reception staff were also uncaring and unhelpful. Yorum: In a word, it's a shame, it's a shame, we stayed between September 28th and October 2nd, the rooms are dirty, there is no cleaning, the food is a shame, we could only eat French fries, they bring the dirty vegetables without washing them, the waiters are a separate disaster, they close the restaurant at 9:30 pm, they turn off the lights, the pools smell dirty, everyone has an eye infection, most of the staff are arrogant, they are worried about staying if it is like this. We have a complaint about the staff. The staff is unprofessional, they don't even have a basic level of English, which makes communication even more difficult. There were old staff at the reception. , it is problematic in terms of hygiene, I think the biggest problem is that they are trying to attract too many customers with too little staff, but unfortunately it doesn't work. When you arrive late to the pool, you can't find sun loungers or umbrellas, and the staff solution is full, so there's nothing you can do. The staff or the hotel in general is in very poor taste. The staff is friendly and not tired. There are a lot of staff. Lack of cleanliness also due to lack of staff I imagine because when we entered the mirror was not clean nor was the faucet or the floor or in any case poorly cleaned. The service: Definitely understaffed, but otherwise pleasant. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. The staff was very friendly and the food was really excellent. The number of staff is very insufficient. The staff who clean the rooms do not know English or Russian. Perhaps the guests are to blame, but also the staff, who are slow and unhelpful. Warm attitude of the staff. I appreciate the effort of the staff and especially the animation team, they were very good. The guests took the cakes with their hands and the staff did not intervene. The room, the room door was open, we had valuables inside, we told the hotel staff and the Jolly team, but we got no response. The staff were like our friends. The problem with the hotel is that the employees are very rude, they almost kill the children who work there, the staff is insufficient. The staff at the entrance and exit of the dining room were friendly. As the person, who we later learned was one of the company's partners, wandered around, we heard him calling to his staff in the lobby to stop work. The staff is incredibly unhappy. 1- Welcome: We are very pleased with the kindness and service approach of both Jolly Tour officer Goncagül Gürer and the reception staff. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Reception**: Very friendly and helpful staff. It looked like the cleaning staff used the same mop from another room where someone had vomited. The restaurant staff seemed not to care about the guests and treated us as if we were there for free. While doing this, the service staff stands still pretending to be busy. Since food is the most important part of vacation, I will give one star to the entire resort because the restaurant was unprofessional and dirty, and the staff did not care about the guests. The staff in the massage department were very friendly and nice people. They have staff who speak many languages ​​fluently. The staff here are very friendly and understanding. Unfortunately, Wi-Fi in the rooms is paid (( |Friendly staff, fluent in English and Russian, which is very convenient. THE ATTENTION OF THE STAFF, THE FOOD, THE CLEANLINESS, THERE IS NOTHING. Very friendly staff. All the staff are grumpy, except for our friend Mahmut in the lobby bar. I think you need to give a serious warning to the staff first. * Friendly but completely overwhelmed staff. Yorum: Hi, It is definitely not an ultra or all-inclusive hotel and the hygiene is 0, the staff is insufficient, the employees that are there are sullen, the lady standing at the pizzeria with a sullen look as if she is selling it for money, if you go to buy a snack at the bar, she puts on a different face. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. The staff is not polite. The staff is very polite. Yorum: The hotel was very shabby, poor service, staff was rude, the room was dirty, so I emphasize that it was really dirty, they never cleaned it properly. The hotel staff is diligent but not enough. Very friendly and motivated staff. Yorum: The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. I had no problems with this hotel, all the staff are very friendly and helpful. The staff is so nice and fun I would come just for them. In the restaurant the dishes are not washed, they are only cleaned, the staff is very rude. To make matters worse, the staff was unfriendly and unhelpful. The staff was very friendly. Yorum: The service was good and the hotel was very nice and I liked it and I would like to come back again but with friends to enjoy it well and the food was also good 2. The hotel has a shameful approach to service. I think there is a need for major improvements in hygiene, food quality and customer service. Yorum: Service is not important. • Most of the staff, especially the waiters, were indifferent, the service was mediocre compared to a 5 star hotel. This hotel was not like this when I came years ago, terrible service. the glasses are dirty There is no glass service in the hotel. It is clear that anyone who goes to this hotel and says it is very nice is either a fake account or has no knowledge of the service. We called customer service many times and they didn't clean it saying they would come clean it. 3- The hotel beach is a 10 minute walk away, but there is a motor service if you want, but the beach was a complete disgrace, there were only stones instead of sand. 4-The snack bar service was very good and sufficient, they generally served hamburgers, baked potatoes and pancakes. Yorum: If I could give the service 0 stars I would give it 0. Doner kebabs and grey burger balls with unknown patties :) We went out to dinner in the center of Alanya as a family, ordered soup for my son, we understood at that moment that the child was hungry at the hotel :) If we talk about alcohol, without exaggeration, 20 a day (with plastic cups because that's how the service is) from one glass I drank too much alcohol and it has neither the effect nor the taste of alcohol. The staff is insufficient, the service is non-existent, it is crowded, the main dish is chicken and fish. Other than that, the service we received for the price given in today's economy was. On the first day there was a party at the hotel, I really liked it, the host was great Aybars, the animators were fun, thanks to Rimma😘 The beach is close by, 5 minutes away, the shuttle service is also very convenient. The prices are 5 star luxury, but the service, food and drink are 3 star hotel quality. The service is zero, the cleanliness is zero, the food is zero, above all the gentleman in charge of the dining room is disrespectful. It is interesting that a hotel that is so bad in every aspect still provides service without correcting its deficiencies, especially the lack of respect from the reception and dining room staff is unacceptable. Excellent service, cozy rooms and convenient location made my stay unforgettable. The disadvantages are the cleanliness in the common areas of the hotel and the service in the bars. The service was good; if you needed something, you got it right away. The queue for drinks is one and two people standing in the big restaurant, look what nonsense, they open Aqua at certain hours and there is no entertainment in the hotel, the hotel doesn't even have a disco, they remove the service for the disco at night, think about it, there is a fee and you enter another disco in the center of Alanya for a fee, and they spend this money on the hotel because these are the places we look for if you come from a hotel. Zero hygiene, pool, sea, food, terrible service. The free services are also bad. areas, dirty bathroom, lack of toiletries in rooms, lack of shampoo in shower, no alcohol other than beer, mud on vegetables, couldn't believe the plates, we were looking for cutlery at dinner time, There was no drinks service at dinner, we queued and waited for water for 25 minutes. You have to pay for internet service to use it in and around the hotel. The staff told me not to buy it because the internet service is not better. You can only get internet service in the main lobby area. My only wishes are for the service, I would like to improve it (robes, slippers, shampoo) But overall everything is great!👍 110. The quality of service was evident as soon as you walked through the door. Sometimes 20, sometimes 40 people queue to buy drinks and there is no table service anywhere in the hotel. You will be cheated out of the money you pay and will never get quality service. Save your money or spend more to get better service elsewhere! The quality of service is zero. Because it is so crowded, most services are disrupted. There are schedules for services, the most ridiculous thing would be 2 hours of aqua. As for the service, a big drawback, we were constantly deceived. The overall poor quality of the accommodation, unfriendly service, worn furniture and inedible food caused us to cancel our trip and return home on the fourth day. , even the room cleaning was terrible, drinks are illegal, bars work very slowly, too many people came, service is very poor, we couldn't eat because we couldn't find a place to sit for dinner, the food always made us bloated, there were groups of 4 or 5 Arabs, all the men were taken homeless, overall it was a terrible holiday. The service: Definitely understaffed, but otherwise pleasant. The beach is close, 5 minutes away, there is also a shuttle service, very convenient. It is not a service, they carry it with a tractor. The food is good in terms of price and services. a hotel and the hotel was very messy, all the activities were very far from each other, so we were constantly moving and we were very tired, the services were terrible, the drinks were served in poor quality plastic cups. party, everything was very nice, price and services of the hotel, I think you can come with peace of mind 😂 162. I was very satisfied with the service. 1- Welcome: We are very pleased with the kindness and service approach of both Jolly Tour officer Goncagül Gürer and the reception staff. Anyway, everything is self-service except drinks. 3-Open buffet services: Since I don't think it's ethical to post photos of food, I'll just state it. You are not prevented from using all-inclusive services other than the room until you leave the hotel. However, instead of investing in a dead area, the areas were wisely used for service and VACATION purposes. OVERALL CONCEPT: The hotel is literally a 5 STAR VACATION paradise in terms of service concept, system and operation. Shuttle service is also provided for those who wish to use it. There was no iron in the room, but the hotel offers laundry service for a fee. But the service is terrible. Rooms will not be serviced until you file a complaint. - **Service**: The service in the restaurant was non-existent. While doing this, the service staff stands still pretending to be busy. I don't want to believe that there is such a decline in the quality of service. I ask for service for the food. Our conclusion: once and never again In my opinion: Pool: 5 stars Food and service: 2 stars Cleanliness and condition: 2 stars Location: good Recommendation: NO 192. Excellent service, cozy rooms and convenient location made my stay unforgettable. Yorum: Hello We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days with my 2 children, but we were not satisfied with the cleanliness, food or service. There is also a beach nearby, 500 meters away, we went there every day in the morning, there is also a shuttle service. Yorum: The hotel was very shabby, poor service, staff was rude, the room was dirty, so I emphasize that it was really dirty, they never cleaned it properly. -zero service -We ordered a crib, they said it would arrive immediately, it arrived 5 hours later. At every meal other fruits you cannot buy in the market paying money, the drinks are very bad, cola drinks, sugar water, most of the drinks you know have very low acidity, this hotel has very low quality of service in general, it is a mediocre hotel, I say do not go there.... Yorum: The hotel was very nice, the food, room cleanliness and service were top notch, the water park was quite large. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, everything was great, activities in the pool, service, rooms, everything was as we wanted, it was very pleasant, we stayed for a week, we recommend it to everyone, we are thinking of coming back, thanks to The animation team wishes you a good day. There is also a shuttle service very close to the beach. The food is bad, there are no drinks, the rooms are old, the service is bad, the attention is bad, the hygiene is zero.

Hijyenik Tatil için rating: 4.9
Hijyenik Tatil için toplam yorum sayısı: 304
Hijyenik Tatil için tüm sonuçlar metni: From the moment you entered the hotel, there was no trace of cleanliness; especially the common areas were very dirty. Yorum: Cleanliness and hygiene are non-existent. The cleanliness of the rooms is good, but if you are a sensitive person you may be bothered by the cleanliness of the bathroom. The food is varied, you will definitely not go hungry, but it gets boring, we were there for 9 nights and we already spent time not knowing what to eat, because they cooked, I didn't want to anymore) But there is always something to eat) The pool is clean, sun loungers too, always The employees walk around and monitor the cleanliness, which cannot be said about the guests who are not allowed to throw away their glass. As for cleanliness and hygiene, forks, plates, etc. We had no problems with cleanliness and necessities. We had no problems with cleanliness and our cleaning was done. Cleanliness is only in name, it is very difficult to see it throughout the hotel, including the rooms. There is no cleanliness, there is an incredible body odor because you shower with salt water :) It is considered child-friendly, but it is child-friendly. The cleanliness, the food, the hygiene, the pool and especially the sea are terrible. I previously commented on the cleanliness of the hotel, and it was a hotel I would never go to again. 1- The hotel has serious cleanliness problems. The taste of the food is 5 out of 10, the cleanliness is zero, one day I saw poop on the floor of the elevator, I got off, but what did I see? Cleanliness is 0. Cleanliness leaves much to be desired in all areas. However, there are comments that more staff are required to clean the rooms well and pay attention to the cleanliness of the rooms and the refrigeration in the hotel is weak. The service is zero, the cleanliness is zero, the food is zero, above all the gentleman in charge of the dining room is disrespectful. The size of the rooms and balconies are good, how should I start regarding cleanliness? The hotel's cleanliness in general is fine, however the rooms are a different story. The disadvantages are the cleanliness in the common areas of the hotel and the service in the bars. But the hotel does not deserve 5 stars because a five star hotel should offer much more in terms of cleanliness. The cleanliness is very bad, so I came here with confidence because Loly recommended it to me. The cleanliness was excellent. Yorum: The hotel's cleanliness is inadequate. It's literally a mess in terms of cleanliness. If I had to rate: Cleanliness: definitely 1 star. Yorum: The hotel leaves a lot to be desired in all aspects, but especially in CLEANLINESS, which is completely lacking. The cleanliness of plates and forks is clearly deficient. Yorum: First of all, we had no problems regarding cleanliness and hygiene. The food and cleanliness of the rooms were very good. But for a while, until we got to the room, the cleanliness left a lot to be desired. Lack of cleanliness also due to lack of staff I imagine because when we entered the mirror was not clean nor was the faucet or the floor or in any case poorly cleaned. The cleanliness of the restaurant is also very poor, the tables and chairs are full of food remains. Their rooms smell really bad, their cleanliness is terrible, there are bed bugs in my bed, bed bugs on the floor and their bathrooms are incredibly bad. - **Cleanliness**: The rooms are not cleaned properly. - **Restaurant**: - **Cleanliness**: The dishes were dirty and not washed properly. THE ATTENTION OF THE STAFF, THE FOOD, THE CLEANLINESS, THERE IS NOTHING. Our conclusion: once and never again In my opinion: Pool: 5 stars Food and service: 2 stars Cleanliness and condition: 2 stars Location: good Recommendation: NO 192. Yorum: Hello We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days with my 2 children, but we were not satisfied with the cleanliness, food or service. There was almost no cleanliness in the room. Food hygiene and cleanliness are poor or even non-existent. Yorum: We chose this hotel for 5 seasons and we were happy because we were happy with it, but this year the quality had dropped a lot in every way, the cleanliness of the rooms was terrible, the food was tasteless and mediocre, everything was falling apart. I am sensitive to cleanliness and this was enough for me. And the photos will speak of the cleanliness of the rooms. Meals: 3 Desserts: 2 Animation team: 4 Cleanliness: 3 I also think that in the huge hotel there could be a prayer room and a baby care room. Yorum: The hotel was very nice, the food, room cleanliness and service were top notch, the water park was quite large. The cleanliness is zero, the food is the same every day, the only alcohol you can drink is beer, the brand of raki and whiskey is unknown. Cleanliness is a big 0. Yorum: Very good hotel, pool, food and clean facilities. I think there is a need for major improvements in hygiene, food quality and customer service. Yorum: Cleanliness and hygiene are non-existent. One of the disadvantages for me is the density of the pool and the hygiene that is experienced due to the overcrowding of the hotel. As for cleanliness and hygiene, forks, plates, etc. Although the rooms appear clean at first, the lack of hygiene is enormous. Hygiene 0 2. The cleanliness, the food, the hygiene, the pool and especially the sea are terrible. Yorum: The rooms are dirty and the hygiene is very bad. There is no hygiene here. - There is no shampoo, cream, hygiene kit etc. There was a small hygiene problem. Hygiene is below zero. There is no hygiene, there is a bad smell. Zero hygiene, pool, sea, food, terrible service. This is the first time I've seen a hotel with such poor hygiene. , it is problematic in terms of hygiene, I think the biggest problem is that they are trying to attract too many customers with too little staff, but unfortunately it doesn't work. Yorum: First of all, we had no problems regarding cleanliness and hygiene. Think about hygiene. Think about hygiene. It is very big but unfortunately it lacks hygiene. Come on, thank you very much, I would visit the hygiene room at least once. Yorum: Hi, It is definitely not an ultra or all-inclusive hotel and the hygiene is 0, the staff is insufficient, the employees that are there are sullen, the lady standing at the pizzeria with a sullen look as if she is selling it for money, if you go to buy a snack at the bar, she puts on a different face. Yorum: STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!||It's a piece of shit with a capital L..||No hygiene, both in the rooms, the pool and the restaurants. Food hygiene and cleanliness are poor or even non-existent. However, in our eyes, human error in cleaning and hygiene is unacceptable. Yorum: The hotel's hygiene is non-existent and the food is a disgrace. Hygiene, smiling face, interest, we saw none of this, dishonor with money... I had to wash my plate under the hot water machine (in the coffee machine) Due to the serious food hygiene problem, my children and I have been very sick with vomiting and diarrhea, obviously food poisoning at the resort restaurant. The food is bad, there are no drinks, the rooms are old, the service is bad, the attention is bad, the hygiene is zero. Hygiene is very poor throughout the hotel. From the moment you entered the hotel, there was no trace of cleanliness; especially the common areas were very dirty. Yorum: Cleanliness and hygiene are non-existent. The shower cabin is terrible, the lime stain has never been cleaned. There is no room cleaning, no towel replacement, not even for a fee. The pool water is clean, but the sun loungers and everything around them are dirty and covered with tape. Cleaning is bad. The tables on the balcony had not been cleaned all season. Rooms are clean, cleaned daily, bathrooms may be clean but definitely worn out, ie mold in shower, ceiling falling over shower. However, the restaurant is quite dirty: the air vents next to the roof windows are a mess, the trolleys used by the staff to collect the dishes are a mess, the plates are clean but stained. The pool area is a big plus of the hotel: the outdoor pool is big, clean and you can easily find free sun loungers (I was there the last week of September). The rooms are cleaned every day. The rooms are always clean and well kept. I guess they didn't clean it often. The cleanliness of the rooms is good, but if you are a sensitive person you may be bothered by the cleanliness of the bathroom. If you call whenever you want, they will come and clean you up. I don't think it's clean enough, but I don't want to overstate it because it's very busy and the staff is trying to keep up. I can say that anyone who says they don't get tired is having a bad time ;) My suggestion would be to pay for cleaning and internet, but you can choose something else, you won't regret it, since there are many. The rooms are not bad, but I can say that the cleaning is inadequate, both the room and the hotel in general are dirty. Terrible condition The hotel beach is not even clean, it is pebbly or even rocky, you can say that it is difficult to take a step, the sea is about 2 meters from the stony ground. The room was clean, spacious, we got it with a big balcony and sea view, but the room smelled musty, with friends everything was fine. The food is varied, you will definitely not go hungry, but it gets boring, we were there for 9 nights and we already spent time not knowing what to eat, because they cooked, I didn't want to anymore) But there is always something to eat) The pool is clean, sun loungers too, always The employees walk around and monitor the cleanliness, which cannot be said about the guests who are not allowed to throw away their glass. As for cleanliness and hygiene, forks, plates, etc. The rooms are very clean, the staff is friendly, we have nothing to say about that, but such a nice hotel could only be managed so badly. The dishes are not cleaned well, they are stained. Although the rooms appear clean at first, the lack of hygiene is enormous. It is not cleaned well, even the inside of the elevator is dirty and no one has cleaned the windows. In addition, the pools were not cleaned properly, we had an epidemic of diarrhea and vomiting and my son barely recovered. In the cafeteria the plates are dirty, first you select the plate, clean it and then take the food, otherwise it is impossible to put food on the existing plates. , zero cleaning, it's a shame, I definitely wouldn't recommend it for our money. The cleaning is more than horrible. We had no problems with cleanliness and necessities. We had no problems with cleanliness and our cleaning was done. Cleanliness is only in name, it is very difficult to see it throughout the hotel, including the rooms. They supposedly cleaned it up. We called and told them they would send someone to clean it up. The friend who came to clean the room while we weren't in the room had apparently cleaned it and the glass. It would be more accurate to say that while we were in the room, we called the staff and cleaned it together, showing them here and there. Yes, the pool and Aqua are sufficient, but if you ask if they are clean, it is difficult to say yes. The hotel was not cleaned even once for 5 days. We called customer service many times and they didn't clean it saying they would come clean it. 2-The best part of the hotel was the pool and water park, but there was sand at the bottom of the pool, probably not cleaned enough. We entered the room, it was very dirty, it looked like it had been left clean. We went down to the pool, the pools were dirty, I didn't see them cleaned in 4 days, and we had glass shards stuck to our feet. The food was not clean, there was hair in the dough, but since it was an open buffet, it is possible that it had fallen from the customers. They clean themselves with this water, I'm not counting their personal cleaning in the shower. There is no cleanliness, there is an incredible body odor because you shower with salt water :) It is considered child-friendly, but it is child-friendly. the front desk, "Please contact management, we won't be able to fix it with you," and they finally came and cleaned it up. The rooms are not cleaned every two days. The rooms are not cleaned every day. - there were unwashed reusable plastic cups - Unfortunately, tourists leave a terrible mess and the staff can't always clean it up quickly, but they try. It looks like they've been cleaned. The cleanliness, the food, the hygiene, the pool and especially the sea are terrible. They are supposed to clean the rooms, smooth the sheets and leave. However, the hotel room cleaning is very poor and they don't even bother to change the sheets during the stay… 49. The hotel and our rooms are clean. For example, our room is missing cleaning products. I previously commented on the cleanliness of the hotel, and it was a hotel I would never go to again. We were greeted very kindly at the main entrance, our room was spotless, cleaned every day, towels changed, pool was clean, food and buffet was good, everything was perfect, evening activities etc. Seriously, contrary to what is written in the comments, it is a clean and nice business. Room cleaning is a completely separate issue... Not only are the rooms not cleaned every day, but there is also theft. When we reported the theft to reception, we received the response that they have safes in their rooms, to keep all their valuables there and not to provoke our room cleaners. 1- The hotel has serious cleanliness problems. The plates, glass cups, metal surfaces in the rooms and elevator doors were clean, but due to the weather they were scratched or cloudy, we couldn't drink anything from the glass cup. Yorum: Hotel 4, needs cleaning. The pool is large, clean, with a depth of 1.4 m throughout. The cleaning of the rooms is terrible. The taste of the food is 5 out of 10, the cleanliness is zero, one day I saw poop on the floor of the elevator, I got off, but what did I see? Rooms are cleaned every 3 days, the children's pool is terrible, the child had pooped in the pool there and 1 day later the child got sick. Negative aspects: - Sheets and towels were not clean. - The toilet and shower stall were not clean. The hotel is huge, big clean pools, cold water slides. Room cleaning is not just cleaning towels and sheets, please clean the toilet and sinks should be washed with bleach. Big clean pools and a cool water park. Rooms are cleaned casually, nothing crazy, even after tipping, they throw towels randomly and do poor cleaning. The shower was broken and the cistern was also broken after a cleaning. Common areas are cleaned regularly, but it's hard to keep order in such a large facility when guests don't care. The rooms are very big and nice and also very clean. Cleanliness is 0. When we ask for room cleaning, they come and scold us saying "I entered this room", not even the towels have been changed, there is no detail in cleaning, the. The place is cleaned and left. There is a smell of sewage coming from the bathroom, the dishes are not clean, this hotel could have been a 4 star hotel. Yorum: The location of the hotel is good, but the rooms are not clean, towels are missing or the toilet and bathroom are not cleaned every day. The sun loungers are down to the ground and so dirty that they are never cleaned and it is not possible to sit on them. Cleanliness leaves much to be desired in all areas. you find it difficult, you look for a table for hours with a plate in your hand) The toilets are dirty, I'm not sure if they are cleaned during the day. However, there are comments that more staff are required to clean the rooms well and pay attention to the cleanliness of the rooms and the refrigeration in the hotel is weak. The service is zero, the cleanliness is zero, the food is zero, above all the gentleman in charge of the dining room is disrespectful. The size of the rooms and balconies are good, how should I start regarding cleanliness? There was dust under the beds, they clean all the rooms with the same mop, so even if they clean the floor, it is sticky. They clean the floors but they don't touch the tables. I think the cleaning staff should be completely overhauled and more employees hired. The hotel's cleanliness in general is fine, however the rooms are a different story. The skirting boards in the room have not been cleaned for a long time, you can see a lot of dust along them… 86. They are not cleaned thoroughly. The rooms are standard but we didn't stay in them for long, they are cleaned every day and towels are changed. The disadvantages are the cleanliness in the common areas of the hotel and the service in the bars. But unfortunately all the bad reviews that were written happened to us 👍 We were moved to a room that was not clean. In 8 days they cleaned us 3 times, and only because I went and said bad words. The cleaning is done very poorly. They don't clean it at all... They did not clean the surfaces well. We had to constantly ask for water, cleaning, change of towels or toilet paper. On every trip, I cleaned the baby's highchair myself with wet napkins. But the hotel does not deserve 5 stars because a five star hotel should offer much more in terms of cleanliness. The number of employees cleaning the tables in the kitchen is very small. food, you wait half an hour for someone to come and clean the table. Yorum: We went on vacation as 4 people, the reception and reception are very nice, the rooms are nice, they come to clean every day, but the food is a disgrace, we stuffed ourselves with chips and pasta every day, there is an unpleasant smell in the dining room, the staff is extremely insufficient, ethical alcohol you know in terms of alcohol, the alcohol of the world, even if you drink it, you will not get high. The cleanliness is very bad, so I came here with confidence because Loly recommended it to me. Furthermore, the sea has never been cleaned, it is rocky, there is no sand, the water is cloudy, you see it once and you will never see it again. After finding our room, the room that was supposedly cleaned was filled with dirty diapers and trash scattered everywhere. The hotel rooms are large and spacious, but they are not very clean and the water smells strongly of sewage. Yorum: Clean and spacious rooms with good size balcony. The cleanliness was excellent. The swimming pool was also very clean. Clean, very friendly staff. It is impossible to find clean dishes in the restaurant. Yorum: The hotel's cleanliness is inadequate. When I personally asked the employee if they changed the sheets every time they came to clean the room, he said of course they change them every day, but the bathrooms have the same sheets for 3 days. The food is too oily and causes nausea after a while I saw another lady pay attention to this but couldn't find a clean plate because the plates you were eating on were dirty. Dust everywhere, sticky floor and tiles, bathroom full of limescale and the toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a long time. It's literally a mess in terms of cleanliness. Our room is thoroughly cleaned and left. We constantly have to call and say that the room needs to be cleaned. If I had to rate: Cleanliness: definitely 1 star. The hotel's cooling system was good, the rooms were cool and clean. When cleaning, they even wipe down walls, windows and dishes. Yorum: In a word, it's a shame, it's a shame, we stayed between September 28th and October 2nd, the rooms are dirty, there is no cleaning, the food is a shame, we could only eat French fries, they bring the dirty vegetables without washing them, the waiters are a separate disaster, they close the restaurant at 9:30 pm, they turn off the lights, the pools smell dirty, everyone has an eye infection, most of the staff are arrogant, they are worried about staying if it is like this. Yorum: The hotel leaves a lot to be desired in all aspects, but especially in CLEANLINESS, which is completely lacking. The pool area is not cleaned regularly, the milkshake spilled in the morning remains there until the evening. The cleanliness of plates and forks is clearly deficient. The cleaning is terrible, the toilet and bathroom are dirty, the room is surrounded by the smell of sewage. Yorum: First of all, we had no problems regarding cleanliness and hygiene. I told the cleaners to use bleach but they said they didn't use it. There is a waiter called Abdülkadir Shepherd, he cleans the glasses, but they say they don't use him. It cannot be cleaned. The food and cleanliness of the rooms were very good. But for a while, until we got to the room, the cleanliness left a lot to be desired. Yorum: I have been to hotels in Turkey probably 20 or 30 times, I have never experienced anything like this, the rooms smell bad, they are not even clean and if they are not cleaned properly, the food is always cold and you have to wait 10 to 15 minutes to receive it. ((((Everyone be careful, the cleaning ladies steal, they stole my cell phone))) The waiters are very unfriendly, even if you have everything included they only give you 2 drinks because the line is very long... , even the room cleaning was terrible, drinks are illegal, bars work very slowly, too many people came, service is very poor, we couldn't eat because we couldn't find a place to sit for dinner, the food always made us bloated, there were groups of 4 or 5 Arabs, all the men were taken homeless, overall it was a terrible holiday. At reception they immediately ask for an extra charge for a better room, rooms are quite dirty, towels were not always changed with clean ones, ice cream and popcorn are paid extra at the main pool, free ice cream at the small pool only from 2-4pm and only three kinds, no drinks card at the bar, bartender did not always prepare the drink you ordered, and there was a daily battle for sun loungers, after breakfast, 90% of the time. The rooms were cleaned daily, change was always left for “tea”. Lack of cleanliness also due to lack of staff I imagine because when we entered the mirror was not clean nor was the faucet or the floor or in any case poorly cleaned. The pools: a little poorly cleaned but otherwise fine. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. The room cleaning is very bad, they came to clean the room during your stay after I told them to do so and it didn't seem like it was cleaned at all. The cleanliness of the restaurant is also very poor, the tables and chairs are full of food remains. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned after previous visitors. The staff who clean the rooms do not know English or Russian. It's usually a mess, dirty, it seems like they are cleaning all the time, but there are no visible results. Always clean, delicious food, big clean pools and water slides. Don't be fooled into thinking you're getting clean. They didn't even go into our friends' room to clean it. We asked for cleaning on the second day. Varied food in the restaurant, slides and large, clean pools. Yorum: The rooms were clean, the pool water is not hygienic, there are too many pool alternatives. The rooms are cleaned every day (even if you don't want them, you'll get them because the signs go off to clean them or leave them alone) The elevators are a bit irritating because they go as they please. When we go to the pool, the cleaners always clean our room and make animals out of towels. Their rooms smell really bad, their cleanliness is terrible, there are bed bugs in my bed, bed bugs on the floor and their bathrooms are incredibly bad. Yorum: The hotel was great, the pool was very clean. 2- Rooms: Our room and room textiles were extremely clean and spacious. During my 11 day stay, I have not seen the pool cleaned. The room was mostly clean, but not completely, and walking around barefoot would leave your feet dirty, so I recommend wearing slippers. - **Cleanliness**: The rooms are not cleaned properly. It looked like the cleaning staff used the same mop from another room where someone had vomited. - **Restaurant**: - **Cleanliness**: The dishes were dirty and not washed properly. Imagine being in a five-star hotel where you have to pick up someone else's dishes, clean the table and set it yourself. **Summary:** - Air conditioning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Reception: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Animation team: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Swimming pool: ⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Room cleaning: ⭐️⭐️ - Restaurant: Not even one star. The food is delicious and varied, the pools are big and clean, a great water park, the snack bar always has a variety of drinks and food throughout the day, I want to come back, thank you all for the holiday! 3- The rooms are large but old and poorly cleaned, the foot of the beds seem to have been cleaned at the beginning of the season, there is no shampoo or soap in the bathroom, there is liquid hand soap... THE ATTENTION OF THE STAFF, THE FOOD, THE CLEANLINESS, THERE IS NOTHING. together, the bathroom was dirty, the surroundings were also dirty, the towels were never cleaned, and the paper they gave us said that the textile materials in the room are changed every 3 days, they didn't even make an offer. Yorum: Although we told them many times, the rooms were not cleaned daily. The rooms are clean and large. They didn't come to clean the room even once, they just folded the duvet on the bed and left. There is no change of towels or cleaning of the room, it is a complete DISGRACE. When you found a free table it was not clean. A bar with one employee * The room needs renovation and is not clean. Our conclusion: once and never again In my opinion: Pool: 5 stars Food and service: 2 stars Cleanliness and condition: 2 stars Location: good Recommendation: NO 192. The pool houses are never cleaned, everyone who comes in seems to have diarrhea, and no toilet paper is provided. Those who work in the dining room clean the chairs and tables that I added to the image with one hand, without wetting them, with the same cloth. The elevators are not clean at all, it seems like all the windows have not been cleaned in years. It is full of stones that are not clean at all, the showers are very, very poor, they look very bad and the concrete there looks unfinished and very bad. Yorum: We came with my family, we will stay for a week, we are on the third day of vacation, everything is going very well and good, just as we wanted, the rooms are tidy, clean, it smells good, the food and drinks. The pool is not cleaned, we have been here for 7 nights and not once have we seen that… 198. The rooms are not cleaned even when you put a funny note asking them to clean the bathrooms, there is mold in the shower and there is trash under the bed. Yorum: Hello We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days with my 2 children, but we were not satisfied with the cleanliness, food or service. They didn't take out trash from my room for 2 days, they didn't leave toilet paper and they didn't clean, the food was plentiful but always the same variety, only the pools weren't bad, it's very crowded and the elevators are small so you have to wait a long time for the elevators, especially on the last day we had a problem with the sunbeds, the same day my bed was ready in 2 hours. We really liked everything, big and clean pools, fresh water slides. Yorum: Location wise it is close to the highway, apart from Hotel Aqua there was no cleaning on the side of the road, all shared bathrooms were dirty. There was almost no cleanliness in the room. Food hygiene and cleanliness are poor or even non-existent. Come on, the beach bathrooms are never cleaned. Yorum: We chose this hotel for 5 seasons and we were happy because we were happy with it, but this year the quality had dropped a lot in every way, the cleanliness of the rooms was terrible, the food was tasteless and mediocre, everything was falling apart. Yorum: The hotel was very shabby, poor service, staff was rude, the room was dirty, so I emphasize that it was really dirty, they never cleaned it properly. Yorum: Very good hotel, pool, food and clean facilities. The room was cleaned, but after a superficial cleaning they did not put bath towels. I am sensitive to cleanliness and this was enough for me. However, in our eyes, human error in cleaning and hygiene is unacceptable. And the photos will speak of the cleanliness of the rooms. Meals: 3 Desserts: 2 Animation team: 4 Cleanliness: 3 I also think that in the huge hotel there could be a prayer room and a baby care room. The rooms were not cleaned nor was the minibar refreshed. Yorum: The hotel was very nice, the food, room cleanliness and service were top notch, the water park was quite large. The room was pretty clean but it was okay. The food was good and the rooms were very clean. The cleanliness is zero, the food is the same every day, the only alcohol you can drink is beer, the brand of raki and whiskey is unknown. Cleaning is done every two days, the room is thorough, there is dust and dirt everywhere. They say that there is a lot of variety for dinner, which is diversified with spaghetti and chips, which are never missing, but the plates are not cleaned well. I stayed in many hotels, even the hostels or aparthotels I went to were cleaner. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we have been here for a week, we had a very fun time, the food is excellent, the rooms are very clean and well organized, there are nice shows at night, we always attend, we are thinking of coming back next year, thanks especially to the animation, have a nice day. Cleaning involves sweeping everything under the beds. The cleaning lady walks into the room where there are still people sleeping and doesn't care at all. No cleaning is carried out in public places (showers, toilets, swimming pools). In the room, the bathroom had not been cleaned by the previous guests and remained that way until we left the hotel. In the restaurant the dishes are not washed, they are only cleaned, the staff is very rude. Cleanliness is a big 0. The room was dirty, the bathroom was not clean and the floor was obviously not mopped. Despite being asked twice, the bathroom, which was infested with mold, was not cleaned. The room was not cleaned, I went to the desk the same morning and was told it would be taken care of immediately. They didn't clean our room at all. Yorum: We also came to the hotel last year, this year it was above average, the quality of the food has dropped a lot, we constantly queue, it is much more difficult to buy drinks at the bar, the rooms were not clean, they did not… 245. Yorum: I came here 6 years ago, it was a bit okay at that time, the hotel needs urgent maintenance, the seats are broken, the cleaning is not good. Yorum: The pool is good, the entertainer and the people at reception are friendly and helpful, however the food is not very good, the cleaning is poorly done but the rooms are quite good in general. The juice and coffee dispensers are splattered with all kinds of drinks and no one cleans them.

Kumsal için rating: 4.2
Kumsal için toplam yorum sayısı: 200
Kumsal için tüm sonuçlar metni: The beach is tragic, very small and rocky, the sun loungers are broken, torn, dirty and practically stacked on top of each other, there is no passage. The hotel beach is about 800 m away and can be reached by tractor. The beach is a mess: small, rocky and dirty sun loungers. There are beautiful, well-kept beaches next to the hotels. There is food almost all day long on the beach, by the pool, in the water park. A blue tractor takes you to the beach 2-3 minutes from the beach. The only negative thing in my opinion is that the beach is very small. • As for the sea and the beach, there was a lot of ROCK at the beginning of the sea (I don't remember having suffered so much in my life when entering and exiting since the sea itself had big waves, both). • The beach section was a disgrace, it had a ridiculous elevation and was full of stones. (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. As for the sea, the beach of the huge hotel is in a place. Terrible condition The hotel beach is not even clean, it is pebbly or even rocky, you can say that it is difficult to take a step, the sea is about 2 meters from the stony ground. A blue tractor takes between 2 and 3 minutes to reach the beach. -They don't take it to the bottom of the beach. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. Those who know the sea of ​​Antalya at least know that it has a sandy beach and a beautiful sea. Every 15 minutes a tractor arrives at the beach. Narrow beach, lots of sun loungers. Buffet on the beach. 3- The hotel beach is a 10 minute walk away, but there is a motor service if you want, but the beach was a complete disgrace, there were only stones instead of sand. We don't have much regrets because we fixed it at an affordable price, but if you can't fix it at an affordable price, definitely stay away because we used the hotel money for expenses outside the hotel, such as transportation, beach club, restaurant, etc. Yorum: The hotel looks great, you can sunbathe by the pool, there is even a bus that takes you to the beach every 10 minutes. Further down, you cannot swim because the beach is made of stones. -water in the coolers on a regular basis Defects -definitely a very small beach and damaged sun loungers. -Dirty and unkempt bathrooms near the pools and the beach (but this mess is created by people relaxing). You have to see the pollution of the sea, a tiny beach with dirty sea drawings, broken and dirty sun loungers. A tractor with trailer takes between 2 and 4 minutes to get to the beach. The storm was strong at sea, destroying the entire beach and breaking the iron canopies. The beach is terrible, because of the stones you couldn't even go into the sea without any problems, although this route with stones is understandable. There are local shops in the hotel, but of course it is better to go to the shops on the way to the beach, it is much cheaper there. The facial expression of the friends working on the beach was sullen and indifferent. The location is not suitable if you want to go to the beach frequently. Once every 15 minutes, a tractor-trailer will pass by to take you to the beach and/or pick you up. There is also a hotel snack bar on the beach. The beach has pebbles for the first 10 meters, so be careful. - They give you the beach towel once, but when you go to change it they tell you that they will give it to you at 7pm. - The beach is small and very close together. On the first day there was a party at the hotel, I really liked it, the host was great Aybars, the animators were fun, thanks to Rimma😘 The beach is close by, 5 minutes away, the shuttle service is also very convenient. The beach is also close, a train passes every 10 minutes or a 5 minute walk. 15 minutes walk from the beach, but there is a tractor. The beach is ugly, dirty and the sun loungers are crap. The beach is very bad, it has huge stones and they hit your feet. The beach is very bad, the sunbeds are broken, there are limited places, it is made of stones, we went into the sea once, whoever comes should take this into account, it is a hotel that will never be recommended. You go to the sea by tractor and the beach is the worst beach I have ever seen in my life. The beach is not sandy, the sand is fine grained, the beach is pebble and just not worth it. The beach is not like the photo. The pool area is nice, the beach is not attractive. There is no beach, they take you to the sea with a tractor, it is an indescribable experience. On the beach, the sun loungers at our hotel were the dirtiest, most broken and the beach itself was not good. If you take a walk along the beach, check it out for yourself. The beach was very small, more stones than sand, and the prices for water sports were very high. The shower water was so bad one night that it was all yellow, the beach was very bad and full of rocks, I suggest you only use the pool which was very nice. Yorum: We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it is not far from the beach, you can walk or use transportation. The hotel has a local beach nearby. Nice area but very disappointed beach. Big rocks and not your ideal vacation beach. You cannot choose a towel outside the hotel pool or beach. The shuttle takes 2-3 minutes to the beach. I have never had any problems with the sun loungers on the beach or at the pool. As for the beaches.... There is a lot of food everywhere, including on the beach. Our own beach is not big, but we always find places. The beach is close, 5 minutes away, there is also a shuttle service, very convenient. Their owners' senzlogs on the beach are very neglected and dirty. The biggest drawback is the beach: small, dirty, rocky: 1 visit during the entire stay... I have stayed in nearby hotels - Haydarpasha and Long Beach, so this might be the worst one, but I also take into account the price because we got it for 4 people for 7,000 PLN, so the price is ok. The sea is a bit far away and there is also a beach and a beach bar by the sea. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Beach Shuttle**: The resort offers shuttles to the beach every 10 minutes, which takes approximately 4 minutes. It is a 5-7 minute walk to the beach or a 2-3 minute train ride. Big pool, good music and animation))|The beach is very close, a bus runs every 10 minutes, it is very convenient. The beach is the WORST part of the hotel, the beach is only 30 meters long and there are people sitting one after another, with no privacy whatsoever. Transport to the beach is another bad thing, not at all safe, the tractor that transported us is all open and not at all safe and was driving fast. There is also a beach nearby, 500 meters away, we went there every day in the morning, there is also a shuttle service. Come on, the beach bathrooms are never cleaned. There were never enough sun loungers on the beach. Yes, the hotel is very large in terms of capacity, but the restaurants, pools, water parks and beaches are inadequate for this capacity. The beach is absolutely catastrophic, just stones, so definitely bring children's shoes or do like us and walk 7-8 minutes to the right, where at least there is sand. But the sea and the beach are just as bad. The beach isn't even called a beach, the jeans are bad, it's dirty, it's torn, there's zero order... Unfortunately the hotel in general is very dirty, including the pool and beach. The hotel beach is very small and unkempt, the sun loungers are damaged. There is also a shuttle service very close to the beach. - The beach outside the resort was absolutely shocking and I would not recommend it at all. The beach is also very dirty and small. And you can't even think of a beach on the sea. There is no beach, just rocks. Yorum: The hotel is at the back, in row 3, 15 minutes walk from the beach. The beach assigned to the hotel is small, narrow and can barely accommodate a few people. Sea water comes out of the rooms, it is salty and sandy. The pools are dirty, sandy and salty, every part of the hotel is different. • There was always sand in the pool (at the bottom). the sand, but this time it is not possible to swim from the wave. The sea is far away, it is not made of sand but of stones. Those who know the sea of ​​Antalya at least know that it has a sandy beach and a beautiful sea. 2-The best part of the hotel was the pool and water park, but there was sand at the bottom of the pool, probably not cleaned enough. 3- The hotel beach is a 10 minute walk away, but there is a motor service if you want, but the beach was a complete disgrace, there were only stones instead of sand. We gave 50 thousand, I wish we had paid 20 thousand more, we would have stayed in a decent hotel. Although the first entrance to the sea is made of stone, the rest is made of sand, there we rode the banana boat, it was very fun, I recommend it. The beach is not sandy, the sand is fine grained, the beach is pebble and just not worth it. The beach was very small, more stones than sand, and the prices for water sports were very high. Furthermore, the sea has never been cleaned, it is rocky, there is no sand, the water is cloudy, you see it once and you will never see it again. It takes a thousand witnesses to say it's a hotel. Mixed stone and sand. The pool is also large but it is very crowded and in some places you get sand on your feet. Don't do it, I swear, don't do it, they give you 92 thousand TL for 6 days, and how much is the wifi? The sea is full of stones at first and then turns into sand. The beach is absolutely catastrophic, just stones, so definitely bring children's shoes or do like us and walk 7-8 minutes to the right, where at least there is sand. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. There are remains of metal structures sticking out on the shore near the sea, be careful. Even while sunbathing, you can indulge in pizza, kebab and even sweets at the bar. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Pool**: Very large pool with plenty of room for both swimming and sunbathing. Sea water comes out of the rooms, it is salty and sandy. It takes 20 minutes to reach the sea. The tables on the balcony had not been cleaned all season. We were also lucky with the weather, the sea is very warm. No other seafood. • The sea road is a 10-minute walk away. • As for the sea and the beach, there was a lot of ROCK at the beginning of the sea (I don't remember having suffered so much in my life when entering and exiting since the sea itself had big waves, both). stones and waves fell a lot when entering and leaving the sea. (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. As for the sea, the beach of the huge hotel is in a place. Terrible condition The hotel beach is not even clean, it is pebbly or even rocky, you can say that it is difficult to take a step, the sea is about 2 meters from the stony ground. When you go to sea, you travel with a trailer attached to the back of a tractor. The room was clean, spacious, we got it with a big balcony and sea view, but the room smelled musty, with friends everything was fine. I liked the location of the hotel, you can walk to the sea or take a ride on the blue tractor that leaves from the hotel. The sea was very dirty and rocky, those who go should bring sea shoes, etc. The location of the hotel is 10 minutes walk from the sea, but the sea can be reached by car every 10 minutes. The water you shower with is sea water. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. As for fish, one day there was sea bream. The sea is wavy, you can't go into the pool, it's too crowded, the electric cables pass over the children's pool. Even though it's off-season, it's crowded, breakfast is the same every morning, lunch is the same every day, dinner is the same every night, nothing different. The sea is far away, it is not made of sand but of stones. Those who know the sea of ​​Antalya at least know that it has a sandy beach and a beautiful sea. We went to the room, the room and bathroom were very dirty, the shower head was covered with moss because the water came from the sea :) I came from Istanbul, we decided to eat and found the cafe after asking. When I say source, the water comes directly from the sea :) it is incredibly salty and the worst thing is that the food, pasta, glasses, etc. The seats are torn and flying everywhere. Also, you go to the sea with a tractor, it is 500 meters away. Even though I was there for 5 days, we went to the sea for 1 hour and I didn't want to go back. The cleanliness, the food, the hygiene, the pool and especially the sea are terrible. A trailer with a seat has been built behind the tractor, allowing transport to the sea. You can't swim in the sea because of the dirt, the showers don't work and the water doesn't flow. The only negative things we can think of are that the Wi-Fi in the room is paid, there are no bathroom slippers and certain parts of the sea are rocky. You have to see the pollution of the sea, a tiny beach with dirty sea drawings, broken and dirty sun loungers. They say there is a ferry to get to the sea, so you go by tractor. The storm was strong at sea, destroying the entire beach and breaking the iron canopies. The beach is terrible, because of the stones you couldn't even go into the sea without any problems, although this route with stones is understandable. A tractor with a trailer takes it to the sea. There are remains of metal structures sticking out on the shore near the sea, be careful. The dining room is terrible, you can't find a seat, it should be improved in the hotel, which is very busy. There is a pool and a sea to choose from, the staff helps you with any questions if you ask, and the animation is just great, I have been to many hotels, but here the shows are memorable and the guys have fantastic dances and all the activities, the drinks are well served, you don't feel like you are being cheated, as it often happens in other places 63. - We didn't see any meat (except meatballs) or seafood (except 1 type of fish). - The sea is very wavy. However, when she returned from sea, the officer thought she was a foreigner because she was blonde and spoke Turkish slang. I think it was fun to go with a marine tractor, with seats in the back. Although the first entrance to the sea is made of stone, the rest is made of sand, there we rode the banana boat, it was very fun, I recommend it. Dirty and worn seats. The beach is very bad, the sunbeds are broken, there are limited places, it is made of stones, we went into the sea once, whoever comes should take this into account, it is a hotel that will never be recommended. You go to the sea by tractor and the beach is the worst beach I have ever seen in my life. It is not a sea to enter. There is no beach, they take you to the sea with a tractor, it is an indescribable experience. Child seats are NOT WASHABLE AT ALL. Yorum: We checked into a large room for $50, with three balconies, a luxury room with sea view.|The hotel area is well maintained, nice, the water park is not big, but good, especially the pirate one… 97. Furthermore, the sea has never been cleaned, it is rocky, there is no sand, the water is cloudy, you see it once and you will never see it again. They are purifying it from the sea. Zero hygiene, pool, sea, food, terrible service. I don't know, we are from the Black Sea. The owner of this place is from the Black Sea. The food was not prepared haphazardly, some snacks were also satisfactory, we were also satisfied with the entertainment, the family and children had a good time, the drinks in the bars were very satisfactory, they were served every 10 minutes, we did not have to wait to go to the sea. The food is too oily and causes nausea after a while I saw another lady pay attention to this but couldn't find a clean plate because the plates you were eating on were dirty. Guests staying at the hotel have access to transport to the sea by tractor. The sea is about 500 meters from the hotel and a car leaves every 10 minutes. It is an extremely tiring hotel, you go to the sea with a tractor in the heat, they could not get a vehicle with air conditioning. I came here with my friends without really researching if it is. You can walk to the sea in about 15 minutes at a leisurely pace or take a blue tractor with trailer, which runs every 10-15 minutes. It is predominantly vegetarian cuisine, partly seasoned with chicken, and its taste rating is an exaggerated 2 out of 10. They said there is a shuttle every 10 minutes to swim in the sea. You take the tractor to the corner, then go back through the tunnel to reach the sea. The sea is very dirty. It was near the sea. Approximately 60 different types and contents of food, including meat dishes such as chicken, turkey, fish, seasonal vegetable dishes, rice, pasta and potato-type carbohydrates, are served in an open buffet style for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. The sea is a bit far away and there is also a beach and a beach bar by the sea. However, among all these activities and opportunities, we don't even think about going to the sea. If you arrived 10 minutes after the restaurant opened, it was difficult to find a seat. You could wait up to 20 minutes for a seat, and when you finally found one, you had to clear the table and find the cutlery yourself. 3- The rooms are large but old and poorly cleaned, the foot of the beds seem to have been cleaned at the beginning of the season, there is no shampoo or soap in the bathroom, there is liquid hand soap... You go to the sea with a tractor, it's no joke, they put you on the tractor, you know? The sea is full of stones at first and then turns into sand. Yorum: We chose this hotel for 5 seasons and we were happy because we were happy with it, but this year the quality had dropped a lot in every way, the cleanliness of the rooms was terrible, the food was tasteless and mediocre, everything was falling apart. You are unable to find a seat in the restaurant. On the first day, sea water flowed from the fountains. Yorum: It was a nice vacation for us after the busy stock market season. But the sea and the beach are just as bad. Yorum: First of all, the sea was not good. Inconvenient entrance to the sea. And you can't even think of a beach on the sea. Yorum: I came here 6 years ago, it was a bit okay at that time, the hotel needs urgent maintenance, the seats are broken, the cleaning is not good. • As for the sea and the beach, there was a lot of ROCK at the beginning of the sea (I don't remember having suffered so much in my life when entering and exiting since the sea itself had big waves, both). stones and waves fell a lot when entering and leaving the sea. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful.

Ulaşım İmkanları için rating: 4.9
Ulaşım İmkanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 162
Ulaşım İmkanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: We don't have much regrets because we fixed it at an affordable price, but if you can't fix it at an affordable price, definitely stay away because we used the hotel money for expenses outside the hotel, such as transportation, beach club, restaurant, etc. Yorum: We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it is not far from the beach, you can walk or use transportation. Transport was carried out by tractor and left every 15 or 20 minutes. We don't have much regrets because we fixed it at an affordable price, but if you can't fix it at an affordable price, definitely stay away because we used the hotel money for expenses outside the hotel, such as transportation, beach club, restaurant, etc. A trailer with a seat has been built behind the tractor, allowing transport to the sea. - They have attached a box to the back of the tractor, so transporting it is not comfortable. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful, its location is good, it has a car to transport you from the hotel to the hotel's private coast and vice versa, and the food is good. Yorum: We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it is not far from the beach, you can walk or use transportation. Guests staying at the hotel have access to transport to the sea by tractor. The walk takes about 10 minutes, but it is recommended to take transport due to the strong sun. Transport to the beach is another bad thing, not at all safe, the tractor that transported us is all open and not at all safe and was driving fast. Transfer from the airport 2 hours. My family, tired after the journey, the flight and another 2 hours of travel from the airport to the hotel, was forced to spend 8 hours on the couch until we were checked into our room at 10am. I don't think it's clean enough, but I don't want to overstate it because it's very busy and the staff is trying to keep up. I would love for you to consider my evaluation as a business. Yorum: The hotel looks great, you can sunbathe by the pool, there is even a bus that takes you to the beach every 10 minutes. Seriously, contrary to what is written in the comments, it is a clean and nice business. The dining room is terrible, you can't find a seat, it should be improved in the hotel, which is very busy. They will be busy during the day and night. Terrible business 103. It is a very busy hotel and you feel like you are in China when you enter the pool. It fits your business and they also have a night manager. In the evening, the lobby is very busy thanks to the free Wi-Fi. The worst thing is that we left at noon, but we were waiting in the lobby thinking that the bus would arrive in 1 hour. There could be no business owner who would treat his guests with such disrespect. Some business owners and owners, including them, need to receive courtesy training from top to bottom. While doing this, the service staff stands still pretending to be busy. Big pool, good music and animation))|The beach is very close, a bus runs every 10 minutes, it is very convenient. The pool area is very dirty, there is a lot of mud there, I felt very dirty sitting there and there are a lot of people busy and there is not much space. Yorum: It was a nice vacation for us after the busy stock market season. |dirty pool bar |main bar very nice |restaurant very busy and food not hot |My husband had a… 230. They have a minibus that runs every 15 minutes, but they are packed. The beach is also close, a train passes every 10 minutes or a 5 minute walk. The gym was completely trashed; you couldn't train properly with any equipment and the equipment was very old. Internet was free in the lobby, but paid in other places, lounges, training room, etc. On the last day they didn't bother to put water in the training room. Some business owners and owners, including them, need to receive courtesy training from top to bottom. As I said, the hotel's 2,000 guests are very well trained. It is a 5-7 minute walk to the beach or a 2-3 minute train ride. Parking is outside, park on the side of the road, God willing... 5-Parking: Yes, there is no special area enabled for parking. 1- When you arrive at the hotel, there is no parking, you unload your belongings and park on the side of the road. I went by car, there is no parking, we were greeted rudely and when we asked, we were told to go and put it outside wherever we wanted. I liked the location of the hotel, you can walk to the sea or take a ride on the blue tractor that leaves from the hotel. The location of the hotel is 10 minutes walk from the sea, but the sea can be reached by car every 10 minutes. Advantages: -good location, close to some markets and shops. The location is not suitable if you want to go to the beach frequently. Yorum: The location of the hotel is good, but the rooms are not clean, towels are missing or the toilet and bathroom are not cleaned every day. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful, its location is good, it has a car to transport you from the hotel to the hotel's private coast and vice versa, and the food is good. Excellent service, cozy rooms and convenient location made my stay unforgettable. Location: no comments as we don't go out much. I am disappointed with this choice and would not recommend anyone to stay at this location. Our conclusion: once and never again In my opinion: Pool: 5 stars Food and service: 2 stars Cleanliness and condition: 2 stars Location: good Recommendation: NO 192. Excellent service, cozy rooms and convenient location made my stay unforgettable. There is a buffet at various locations from 7am to 3pm. Yorum: Location wise it is close to the highway, apart from Hotel Aqua there was no cleaning on the side of the road, all shared bathrooms were dirty. The distance between the standard rooms and the lobby is very. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. The hotel has a local beach nearby. At night you can shop at the nearby markets, the prices are reasonable. I have stayed in nearby hotels - Haydarpasha and Long Beach, so this might be the worst one, but I also take into account the price because we got it for 4 people for 7,000 PLN, so the price is ok. There is also a beach nearby, 500 meters away, we went there every day in the morning, there is also a shuttle service. The central bar stinks and the unsanitary conditions are very visible. The elevators are dirty and very slow, except for the central ones near the reception. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. From the moment you entered the hotel, there was no trace of cleanliness; especially the common areas were very dirty. The pool area is a big plus of the hotel: the outdoor pool is big, clean and you can easily find free sun loungers (I was there the last week of September). It is impossible to eat in the open area of ​​the restaurant because all the smoke from the grill surrounds the restaurant. Don't go, friends, stay on the street, sleep on benches, go to the shelter, but don't go to the area. -Let me go to the kitchen area, there's nothing decent to eat. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. You can take towels into the spa area every day and must return them before 5:00 p.m. One time there was a huge cockroach in the food distribution area by the pool, and when we alerted him. I have never seen such an inefficient facility built on such a large area. The area where the dining room and snack bar are located smells a lot. - In the main areas of the hotel, the air conditioning did not always work and it was hot. The sink areas in their rooms smell bad. It is a hotel built on a huge area but of poor quality. 4- The bathing areas are sufficient, but I would like there to be a deep place for 1.40 meters tall. Common areas are cleaned regularly, but it's hard to keep order in such a large facility when guests don't care. in the pool area. Cleanliness leaves much to be desired in all areas. There are very large stones and it is a very small, very neglected area. The pool area is nice, the beach is not attractive. The disadvantages are the cleanliness in the common areas of the hotel and the service in the bars. The common areas of the hotel, I would say that some are quite dirty. Yorum: We checked into a large room for $50, with three balconies, a luxury room with sea view.|The hotel area is well maintained, nice, the water park is not big, but good, especially the pirate one… 97. It started in the living room and in the reception area in the same way. Was it because the sister who made the pancake said that it was unscrupulous for her to go 5 minutes before the end of her shift or because there was no water in the mini bar that I was shocked by the bad smells coming from the common area? areas, dirty bathroom, lack of toiletries in rooms, lack of shampoo in shower, no alcohol other than beer, mud on vegetables, couldn't believe the plates, we were looking for cutlery at dinner time, There was no drinks service at dinner, we queued and waited for water for 25 minutes. You can only get internet service in the main lobby area. Nice area but very disappointed beach. The pool bar area has an unbearable smell of spoiled food and sewage and the drinks are of poor quality. Ice cream is served at certain times of the day in the aquatic area located in front of the hotel. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 days and were satisfied with all its facilities, even the shopping areas inside the hotel were more affordable than the market. The area leading to the dining room smells just as bad and kills your appetite. In the pool bar area the smell is unbearable and the drinks served are of poor quality. The pool area is not cleaned regularly, the milkshake spilled in the morning remains there until the evening. People are comfortable and there are nice areas where they can do whatever they want. Large area, delicious food. In a very small area. 4- Farewell: There is a luggage storage area after checking in to your room on the day of departure. 5-Parking: Yes, there is no special area enabled for parking. However, instead of investing in a dead area, the areas were wisely used for service and VACATION purposes. - **Facilities**: Some shops within the resort area. We never go into common areas, meals, places to eat, we never go into our room. You queue in every area you enter, including the sun loungers. The pool area is very dirty, there is a lot of mud there, I felt very dirty sitting there and there are a lot of people busy and there is not much space. We have been choosing hotels in the same area for 6 years. Yorum: First of all, because the hotel is very crowded, employees cannot reach many common areas. For example, the bathrooms are very dirty, the food is mediocre, the common areas are bad, the bars do not serve more than 2 drinks. The bathrooms in the common area were disgusting for the money we paid. the area was partially cleared. The area around the snack bar smells bad, the smell cannot be stopped. Yorum: The sports area closes at 5:00 p.m. It takes at least 10 minutes to get from one place to another in the hotel. There is no room cleaning, no towel replacement, not even for a fee. The amphitheater where the event took place was very dirty; it is best not to sit there in light clothing. As for the sea, the beach of the huge hotel is in a place. I'm not a perfectionist, I don't pay much attention to that kind of things, but if you ask me if I would go to the same place again, I wouldn't :) 19. Very out of place. Everything we ask at the places we buy drinks, they say it's not available. the whole place is a mess. Who gave this place 5 stars. This place is really a waste of money. I would be happy if you would evaluate my comment BECAUSE THE HOTEL IS OF QUALITY, IT DETERMINES OUR PLACE WITH RESPECT. This place doesn't even get 3 stars. 2- The hotel does not have a place to park the car, you park it in front of the door on the road. 4- The bathing areas are sufficient, but I would like there to be a deep place for 1.40 meters tall. For example, the ceiling of the place where you leave your suitcases is covered in mold. There is a pool and a sea to choose from, the staff helps you with any questions if you ask, and the animation is just great, I have been to many hotels, but here the shows are memorable and the guys have fantastic dances and all the activities, the drinks are well served, you don't feel like you are being cheated, as it often happens in other places 63. There are places where dust remains for weeks, elevator doors have not been washed for a long time. There are not enough places. The place is cleaned and left. The beach is very bad, the sunbeds are broken, there are limited places, it is made of stones, we went into the sea once, whoever comes should take this into account, it is a hotel that will never be recommended. However, the pool bar is a disaster, dirty and always understaffed like so many other places. If you can get food, it is important to find a place to sit. It is a nice place where children have fun and families can relax. The garbage bags were not removed or replaced, only at my request... The queue for drinks is one and two people standing in the big restaurant, look what nonsense, they open Aqua at certain hours and there is no entertainment in the hotel, the hotel doesn't even have a disco, they remove the service for the disco at night, think about it, there is a fee and you enter another disco in the center of Alanya for a fee, and they spend this money on the hotel because these are the places we look for if you come from a hotel. The owner of this place is from the Black Sea. The dining room is the same and a place to eat, I don't understand how it can be considered a 5 star hotel. , even the room cleaning was terrible, drinks are illegal, bars work very slowly, too many people came, service is very poor, we couldn't eat because we couldn't find a place to sit for dinner, the food always made us bloated, there were groups of 4 or 5 Arabs, all the men were taken homeless, overall it was a terrible holiday. Our own beach is not big, but we always find places. Not a single person gave information about what activities were taking place at what time in the hotel. What's going on at the place they call the family hotel? The pool is also large but it is very crowded and in some places you get sand on your feet. We told them it was replaced, but the cabinet that came with it didn't work. Internet was free in the lobby, but paid in other places, lounges, training room, etc. To reduce the wait in line for meals, they could have placed the same food in another line instead of placing it in one place. No matter how old you are, you can spend a peaceful, happy and fulfilling holiday, especially with your children, in a place where even excesses, bad manners and rudeness are treated with elegance. There are no places. The same dishes were placed in various places to give the impression of variety. Yorum: It is a decent place where I came with my family, we had the opportunity to receive a massage, it was very good and professional. I can't wait to come back, this place has become our home. We never go into common areas, meals, places to eat, we never go into our room. If you want to wait a whole year for a vacation and then come here and stand in line to get your money like in Istanbul, I am sure you will choose this place. In addition, drinks are always available.|Unfortunately, many places in the hotel are undergoing renovation work, so… 200. They didn't even give us proper water even though we asked for it, it's a cheap place with limited everything. Various activities with nice prizes take place throughout the day. No cleaning is carried out in public places (showers, toilets, swimming pools). On the last day it was placed in front of the door, I think they gave a new one to the customer so they could check out.

Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için rating: 7.1
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 107
Çocuklu Tatil (2-10 yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: There is no cleanliness, there is an incredible body odor because you shower with salt water :) It is considered child-friendly, but it is child-friendly. Yorum: We are leaving this hotel, where my family and I went this weekend, with extreme disappointment. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 5 days, I would like to share my comments, both good and bad. Yorum: Relaxed with family and friends. As a family with two strollers, we were faced with the problem of stairs. Yorum: As a family who went to the hotel based on our previous experience without even reading the comments, I am writing a review so that you do not make the same mistake. Yorum: Stayed at this hotel for a week with the family. Doner kebabs and grey burger balls with unknown patties :) We went out to dinner in the center of Alanya as a family, ordered soup for my son, we understood at that moment that the child was hungry at the hotel :) If we talk about alcohol, without exaggeration, 20 a day (with plastic cups because that's how the service is) from one glass I drank too much alcohol and it has neither the effect nor the taste of alcohol. They couldn't find one of our reservations, so they told part of my family to find another hotel at 11pm. The pool has no lifeguards around, and one of my family members was seriously injured in the pool and there was no one around to help us. Yorum: Hello, we stayed at the hotel last week as a family with 3 children. Crowded, people on top of each other, queues everywhere, full of Arab guests, even of all nations except Russians and Germans, I passed in front of this hotel, which is called a family hotel, where there were many homeless people. We returned home very unhappy with our family. Thanks to the Alan Xafira family for everything. Yorum: We spent a family vacation at this hotel from 09/09/24 to 20/09/24. Upon our arrival at 2am, which was already 10th September 2024, we were refused to check into our room because the tour operator had not booked a room for our family. My family, tired after the journey, the flight and another 2 hours of travel from the airport to the hotel, was forced to spend 8 hours on the couch until we were checked into our room at 10am. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 3 nights and 4 days. Yorum: The hotel was very nice overall, we came as a family and we liked it a lot. The food at the hotel is terrible, like in a merchant's restaurant, the same food every day, mostly chicken and fish, there was no meat, we decided as a family that we will not eat chicken for 1 month after the vacation. Yorum: The hotel itself is not bad, we had a large family room, but we had a strong musty smell after showering, towels are only changed every 3 days. For a middle-income family, I think it is a value-for-money hotel. The food was not prepared haphazardly, some snacks were also satisfactory, we were also satisfied with the entertainment, the family and children had a good time, the drinks in the bars were very satisfactory, they were served every 10 minutes, we did not have to wait to go to the sea. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. Suitable for both family and youth holidays. I came here with my family for 1 week and we had a wonderful time. All types of alcohol are served in small plastic cups by the pool, making you feel like you're at your neighborhood park with your family. What's going on at the place they call the family hotel? Yorum: It is a decent place where I came with my family, we had the opportunity to receive a massage, it was very good and professional. Yorum: The hotel where I will check in with my family tomorrow. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. Yorum: We came with my family, we will stay for a week, we are on the third day of vacation, everything is going very well and good, just as we wanted, the rooms are tidy, clean, it smells good, the food and drinks. Yorum: We came to this hotel for the first time with our family. We also took family photos wearing our national dresses. I would enjoy it again with my family, there are many things to do in the city, it is a good sailboat and it was fantastic. Yorum: This was the hotel we went to as a family on July 31 and August 4. Yorum: My family and I are coming from Germany. My family and I, including my two young children, stayed at the resort for 4 nights. The games room isn't very good, which is also a shame if you're with the family. Great water park for kids! The kids disco is fun. I wouldn't mind the comments here, but should I really be worried about the money I paid for the kids to get germs from the pool and get sick on the second day of vacation? We buy cherry juice for the kids, as we know. There is also a kids' club where you can leave the children for a while. The kids and evening entertainment are great. My kids ate the same food for 10 days and got tired of it. , we literally ate burgers and chips for days by the pool, the kids got tired of fast food, at lunch time, oh I mean soup, it's prepared soup, tourists don't get that much value, there were so many. The animation and kids club are very bad, only the face painting activity was nice. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. The animation and kids club are very bad, only the face painting activity was nice. We were given a room with a view of the pools, if you are traveling with small children you should keep in mind that there is very loud music every day until 24 hours. Every day in the fitness pool, but for some reason they do not allow children to participate. The food is the same all week, the fish is average, the spaghetti is impossible for children to eat, the fruit is very good. There was a children's disco only at 8:30 p.m., nothing more. The swimming pools with slides for children are also nice. The animations for children are amazing. Children sit on the bleachers and drunks smoke and swing them on their backs. (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. There is not a single activity for children. The sea is wavy, you can't go into the pool, it's too crowded, the electric cables pass over the children's pool. There is a children's pool next to the hotel and a large one connected to it on the other side of the square. Every evening there is entertainment for children on stage, followed by performances, karaoke and a disco. The children came out of the pool and got sick because they were cold. A glass broke in the children's pool. the children have a dirty queue of drink cups. - slides for children and adults, but open only from 10 a.m. Yorum: Hello, we stayed at the hotel last week as a family with 3 children. The children woke up every time they came in or out. 3- The children's water is at a sufficient level. Rooms are cleaned every 3 days, the children's pool is terrible, the child had pooped in the pool there and 1 day later the child got sick. It was important for the children that there was plenty of fun in the water, and the adjacent water park in particular made a great impression. There were good activities for the children. As I came from Ankara to another hotel, it was terrible, I immediately called this hotel, which normally does not accept me for two nights, accepted me and gave me my room without leaving me alone with my two children... There are animations for children and shows for adults in the amphitheater. It is a nice place where children have fun and families can relax. The water park is huge, children will not be bored. There is also a kids' club where you can leave the children for a while. Everything was great, perfect for families with children. The food was not prepared haphazardly, some snacks were also satisfactory, we were also satisfied with the entertainment, the family and children had a good time, the drinks in the bars were very satisfactory, they were served every 10 minutes, we did not have to wait to go to the sea. Guests wear swimsuits; children also wear swimsuits to eat. Water activities are not permitted with your small child, so alternatives for families with babies and children are dwindling. The activities for children are nice. The water park for children was quite large and we really enjoyed it. The only thing that can be praised is the swimming pool, a large space, the second facility with slides was an attraction for both children and adults. Slide: It's a shame that it's not open all day, I find that it closes early at 5pm, but that's a shame, otherwise there are plenty of slides, whether for children or adults. Large water parks for children and a great entertainment team await you for a fun time. All my children have back pain. Yorum: Good afternoon, wonderful hotel, thanks to the animation, they were very involved with the guests, they spent a lot of time with us, we rested very well, but we are leaving tomorrow, the children also enjoyed it a lot, a lot of entertainment… 157. Every day there is a show, a mini disco for children, sociable entertainers! The problem with the hotel is that the employees are very rude, they almost kill the children who work there, the staff is insufficient. A different show every day and fun activities for children throughout the day. 3-Pools: There are 3 large pools, one for adults, one for children, two water park pools and one for general use. No matter how old you are, you can spend a peaceful, happy and fulfilling holiday, especially with your children, in a place where even excesses, bad manners and rudeness are treated with elegance. Before the main show there is a mini disco for children, but it follows the same routine and music every night. My children experienced stomach pain and vomiting, which could be due to the pool water or the food. My opinion on Alan Xafira Deluxe Resort My wife, our two children and I spent 10 days at Alan Xafira Deluxe Resort. They organize various activities and shows every day for both children and adults. - **Children's Meal**: The only options for children were rice with tomato sauce or pasta with tomato sauce. The hotel is very big, you constantly have to walk somewhere, The only good thing is the water park, it is safe and fun for small children, would we choose it again? 6- The pools are large, the number of sun loungers is sufficient, the water park is very good, it is fun for children... Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. Yorum: Hello We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days with my 2 children, but we were not satisfied with the cleanliness, food or service. Our children and we had so much fun, we can't wait to go back. The beach is absolutely catastrophic, just stones, so definitely bring children's shoes or do like us and walk 7-8 minutes to the right, where at least there is sand. My family and I, including my two young children, stayed at the resort for 4 nights. I had to wash my plate under the hot water machine (in the coffee machine) Due to the serious food hygiene problem, my children and I have been very sick with vomiting and diarrhea, obviously food poisoning at the resort restaurant. Children like it very much.

Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için rating: 7.3
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için toplam yorum sayısı: 103
Bebekli Tatil (0-2 Yaş) için tüm sonuçlar metni: The gate to the water park was closed so we had to carry the stroller up and down steep stairs in the mud. As a family with two strollers, we were faced with the problem of stairs. The baby pools are very deep. Yorum: We are leaving this hotel, where my family and I went this weekend, with extreme disappointment. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 5 days, I would like to share my comments, both good and bad. Yorum: Relaxed with family and friends. As a family with two strollers, we were faced with the problem of stairs. Yorum: As a family who went to the hotel based on our previous experience without even reading the comments, I am writing a review so that you do not make the same mistake. Yorum: Stayed at this hotel for a week with the family. Doner kebabs and grey burger balls with unknown patties :) We went out to dinner in the center of Alanya as a family, ordered soup for my son, we understood at that moment that the child was hungry at the hotel :) If we talk about alcohol, without exaggeration, 20 a day (with plastic cups because that's how the service is) from one glass I drank too much alcohol and it has neither the effect nor the taste of alcohol. They couldn't find one of our reservations, so they told part of my family to find another hotel at 11pm. The pool has no lifeguards around, and one of my family members was seriously injured in the pool and there was no one around to help us. Yorum: Hello, we stayed at the hotel last week as a family with 3 children. Crowded, people on top of each other, queues everywhere, full of Arab guests, even of all nations except Russians and Germans, I passed in front of this hotel, which is called a family hotel, where there were many homeless people. We returned home very unhappy with our family. Thanks to the Alan Xafira family for everything. Yorum: We spent a family vacation at this hotel from 09/09/24 to 20/09/24. Upon our arrival at 2am, which was already 10th September 2024, we were refused to check into our room because the tour operator had not booked a room for our family. My family, tired after the journey, the flight and another 2 hours of travel from the airport to the hotel, was forced to spend 8 hours on the couch until we were checked into our room at 10am. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 3 nights and 4 days. Yorum: The hotel was very nice overall, we came as a family and we liked it a lot. The food at the hotel is terrible, like in a merchant's restaurant, the same food every day, mostly chicken and fish, there was no meat, we decided as a family that we will not eat chicken for 1 month after the vacation. Yorum: The hotel itself is not bad, we had a large family room, but we had a strong musty smell after showering, towels are only changed every 3 days. For a middle-income family, I think it is a value-for-money hotel. The food was not prepared haphazardly, some snacks were also satisfactory, we were also satisfied with the entertainment, the family and children had a good time, the drinks in the bars were very satisfactory, they were served every 10 minutes, we did not have to wait to go to the sea. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. Suitable for both family and youth holidays. I came here with my family for 1 week and we had a wonderful time. All types of alcohol are served in small plastic cups by the pool, making you feel like you're at your neighborhood park with your family. What's going on at the place they call the family hotel? Yorum: It is a decent place where I came with my family, we had the opportunity to receive a massage, it was very good and professional. Yorum: The hotel where I will check in with my family tomorrow. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. Yorum: We came with my family, we will stay for a week, we are on the third day of vacation, everything is going very well and good, just as we wanted, the rooms are tidy, clean, it smells good, the food and drinks. Yorum: We came to this hotel for the first time with our family. We also took family photos wearing our national dresses. I would enjoy it again with my family, there are many things to do in the city, it is a good sailboat and it was fantastic. Yorum: This was the hotel we went to as a family on July 31 and August 4. Yorum: My family and I are coming from Germany. My family and I, including my two young children, stayed at the resort for 4 nights. The games room isn't very good, which is also a shame if you're with the family. No baby food. On every trip, I cleaned the baby's highchair myself with wet napkins. The baby pools are very deep. My room was full of insects and that caused my baby to have bad skin. Meals: 3 Desserts: 2 Animation team: 4 Cleanliness: 3 I also think that in the huge hotel there could be a prayer room and a baby care room. We were given a room with a view of the pools, if you are traveling with small children you should keep in mind that there is very loud music every day until 24 hours. Every day in the fitness pool, but for some reason they do not allow children to participate. The food is the same all week, the fish is average, the spaghetti is impossible for children to eat, the fruit is very good. There was a children's disco only at 8:30 p.m., nothing more. The swimming pools with slides for children are also nice. The animations for children are amazing. Children sit on the bleachers and drunks smoke and swing them on their backs. (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. There is not a single activity for children. The sea is wavy, you can't go into the pool, it's too crowded, the electric cables pass over the children's pool. There is a children's pool next to the hotel and a large one connected to it on the other side of the square. Every evening there is entertainment for children on stage, followed by performances, karaoke and a disco. The children came out of the pool and got sick because they were cold. A glass broke in the children's pool. the children have a dirty queue of drink cups. - slides for children and adults, but open only from 10 a.m. Yorum: Hello, we stayed at the hotel last week as a family with 3 children. The children woke up every time they came in or out. 3- The children's water is at a sufficient level. Rooms are cleaned every 3 days, the children's pool is terrible, the child had pooped in the pool there and 1 day later the child got sick. It was important for the children that there was plenty of fun in the water, and the adjacent water park in particular made a great impression. There were good activities for the children. As I came from Ankara to another hotel, it was terrible, I immediately called this hotel, which normally does not accept me for two nights, accepted me and gave me my room without leaving me alone with my two children... There are animations for children and shows for adults in the amphitheater. It is a nice place where children have fun and families can relax. The water park is huge, children will not be bored. There is also a kids' club where you can leave the children for a while. Everything was great, perfect for families with children. The food was not prepared haphazardly, some snacks were also satisfactory, we were also satisfied with the entertainment, the family and children had a good time, the drinks in the bars were very satisfactory, they were served every 10 minutes, we did not have to wait to go to the sea. Guests wear swimsuits; children also wear swimsuits to eat. Water activities are not permitted with your small child, so alternatives for families with babies and children are dwindling. The activities for children are nice. The water park for children was quite large and we really enjoyed it. The only thing that can be praised is the swimming pool, a large space, the second facility with slides was an attraction for both children and adults. Slide: It's a shame that it's not open all day, I find that it closes early at 5pm, but that's a shame, otherwise there are plenty of slides, whether for children or adults. Large water parks for children and a great entertainment team await you for a fun time. All my children have back pain. Yorum: Good afternoon, wonderful hotel, thanks to the animation, they were very involved with the guests, they spent a lot of time with us, we rested very well, but we are leaving tomorrow, the children also enjoyed it a lot, a lot of entertainment… 157. Every day there is a show, a mini disco for children, sociable entertainers! The problem with the hotel is that the employees are very rude, they almost kill the children who work there, the staff is insufficient. A different show every day and fun activities for children throughout the day. 3-Pools: There are 3 large pools, one for adults, one for children, two water park pools and one for general use. No matter how old you are, you can spend a peaceful, happy and fulfilling holiday, especially with your children, in a place where even excesses, bad manners and rudeness are treated with elegance. Before the main show there is a mini disco for children, but it follows the same routine and music every night. My children experienced stomach pain and vomiting, which could be due to the pool water or the food. My opinion on Alan Xafira Deluxe Resort My wife, our two children and I spent 10 days at Alan Xafira Deluxe Resort. They organize various activities and shows every day for both children and adults. - **Children's Meal**: The only options for children were rice with tomato sauce or pasta with tomato sauce. The hotel is very big, you constantly have to walk somewhere, The only good thing is the water park, it is safe and fun for small children, would we choose it again? 6- The pools are large, the number of sun loungers is sufficient, the water park is very good, it is fun for children... Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. Yorum: Hello We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days with my 2 children, but we were not satisfied with the cleanliness, food or service. Our children and we had so much fun, we can't wait to go back. The beach is absolutely catastrophic, just stones, so definitely bring children's shoes or do like us and walk 7-8 minutes to the right, where at least there is sand. My family and I, including my two young children, stayed at the resort for 4 nights. I had to wash my plate under the hot water machine (in the coffee machine) Due to the serious food hygiene problem, my children and I have been very sick with vomiting and diarrhea, obviously food poisoning at the resort restaurant. Children like it very much.

Parti Deneyimi için rating: 9.3
Parti Deneyimi için toplam yorum sayısı: 29
Parti Deneyimi için tüm sonuçlar metni: Foam party, fitness. On the first day there was a party at the hotel, I really liked it, the host was great Aybars, the animators were fun, thanks to Rimma😘 The beach is close by, 5 minutes away, the shuttle service is also very convenient. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. There was a foam party and a dance event. party, everything was very nice, price and services of the hotel, I think you can come with peace of mind 😂 162. The activities continue until midnight and all the noise from the party enters the room as if you had the window open. We were given a room with a view of the pools, if you are traveling with small children you should keep in mind that there is very loud music every day until 24 hours. In the evenings, various music is played: Russian, Turkish, French, Polish, etc. There was really loud music all the time, so you think, I'm here to relax and not listen to loud music. They tried to make a disco by the pool with ridiculous music, people dress up and dance, but still try to have fun in the pool. Overall opinion of the hotel: good atmosphere near the hotel, good animation, average food (no starvation), excellent games by the pool, good music in… 136. Normally the music ends at 12pm, but when some guests tip, it continues playing for almost an hour. Before the main show there is a mini disco for children, but it follows the same routine and music every night. Big pool, good music and animation))|The beach is very close, a bus runs every 10 minutes, it is very convenient. I won't even mention the animation team (they took care of everything except CAN with a smile), the others are trying to figure out how to please foreigners, we want the DJ to sit there and play music in the evening, for fun. There are animations in the pool led by a DJ. DJ is the best 32. Late at night, constant screams can be heard from the adjoining rooms. It was important for the children that there was plenty of fun in the water, and the adjacent water park in particular made a great impression. DJ works on tips. DJ performance, etc. DJ works for foreigners anyway. I won't even mention the animation team (they took care of everything except CAN with a smile), the others are trying to figure out how to please foreigners, we want the DJ to sit there and play music in the evening, for fun. The Arabs can DJ until 00:30 if we pay them, but when we ask them to, they close at 00:00. As you know, the DJ booth operates on tips and has never had a single entertainment that would attract Turks. Evening entertainment included Latin American dancing, magic tricks, a fire show, contests and a bingo lottery. At one point, they even recorded a video while dancing. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. A different show every day and fun activities for children throughout the day.

Spa and Wellness için rating: 6.9
Spa and Wellness için toplam yorum sayısı: 14
Spa and Wellness için tüm sonuçlar metni: You can take towels into the spa area every day and must return them before 5:00 p.m. The spa here is excellent, the hammam is also excellent. The spa experience was a fantastic experience, I would definitely recommend it. Turkish bath, sauna, massages with additional charge. Yorum: It is a decent place where I came with my family, we had the opportunity to receive a massage, it was very good and professional. The staff in the massage department were very friendly and nice people. Turkish bath, sauna, massages with additional charge. There is a Turkish bath and a sauna. 5- The gym is inadequate, not many people use it, there is a sauna and a Turkish bath... There is a free sauna and Turkish bath, but there is no soap. Yorum: I have been to many hotels and this is the first time I have seen this type of treatment. Yorum: The bad treatment and behavior started from the first day. The hotel is a disgrace, the Ministry of Health does not carry out any inspections, I do not understand how this works. The spa here is excellent, the hammam is also excellent.

Özel Menü için rating: 4.4
Özel Menü için toplam yorum sayısı: 12
Özel Menü için tüm sonuçlar metni: Vegetarian food is almost non-existent and the way food is prepared leaves much to be desired. It is predominantly vegetarian cuisine, partly seasoned with chicken, and its taste rating is an exaggerated 2 out of 10. There was very little choice, my comment applies to all meals, morning, noon and night. When purchasing ultra meals, this is a bit of a misnomer. Meals are served in the canteen. Meals can be eaten in the dining room or outdoors. Meals served at lunchtime are also served in the evening. When it comes to restaurants, cold and repetitive meals, terrible dirt and stench. To reduce the wait in line for meals, they could have placed the same food in another line instead of placing it in one place. We never go into common areas, meals, places to eat, we never go into our room. Meals: 3 Desserts: 2 Animation team: 4 Cleanliness: 3 I also think that in the huge hotel there could be a prayer room and a baby care room. You won't go hungry during meals, there is always something on offer.

Spor Alanları için rating: 8.4
Spor Alanları için toplam yorum sayısı: 11
Spor Alanları için tüm sonuçlar metni: Every day in the fitness pool, but for some reason they do not allow children to participate. Foam party, fitness. Yorum: The hotel is really big and has a lot to offer, from beautiful swimming pools to the entertainment group that offers many fitness classes, games and nightly shows. There are 6 floors, reception, on level -1 there is a restaurant, hairdresser, tea house, gym, and the hotel's own stalls with clothes and souvenirs. The hotel has a good gym for those who also like to exercise. The hot pool, gym and disco are closed. Yorum: Huge facilities, with a spa, indoor and outdoor pools, gym, restaurant, shops and water park. There is a gym, etc. The gym was completely trashed; you couldn't train properly with any equipment and the equipment was very old. The gym is open for two hours, not all the time. 5- The gym is inadequate, not many people use it, there is a sauna and a Turkish bath...

Gece Eğlence Programı için rating: 9.0
Gece Eğlence Programı için toplam yorum sayısı: 7
Gece Eğlence Programı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The evening shows were very good. Evening entertainment included Latin American dancing, magic tricks, a fire show, contests and a bingo lottery. At one point, they even recorded a video while dancing. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. Very good performances for adults after the disco. Every evening there is entertainment for children on stage, followed by performances, karaoke and a disco. Very good animation, new performances every day.

Çocuk Havuz Alanı için rating: 0.0
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Çocuk Havuz Alanı için tüm sonuçlar metni: The sea is wavy, you can't go into the pool, it's too crowded, the electric cables pass over the children's pool. There is a children's pool next to the hotel and a large one connected to it on the other side of the square. A glass broke in the children's pool. Rooms are cleaned every 3 days, the children's pool is terrible, the child had pooped in the pool there and 1 day later the child got sick.

Balayı için rating: 8.9
Balayı için toplam yorum sayısı: 4
Balayı için tüm sonuçlar metni: First of all, we are a honeymoon couple and there wasn't even a glass of water to drink in our room, let alone a plate of fruit and wine. It was our honeymoon hotel where I went with my wife in 2015. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful, its location is good, it has a car to transport you from the hotel to the hotel's private coast and vice versa, and the food is good. And the fact that there is a paid private alcohol sale in the lobby clearly indicates the hotel's confidence in the alcohol it serves.

