1. Yorum: We had an overall very positive experience at the Delphin Imperial. The concept remains consistent with other hotels in the Delphin chain, which we’ve always enjoyed. The architecture is impressive, and the refurbishment of the main …

2. Yorum: Lovely hotel, 5 star service. Better than any hotel i have ever stayed at. Everything is included that would usually be extra in other hotels. Lovely big rooms and comfy bed. Rarely left without a drink. Sun beds get reserved fast if there …

3. Yorum: Fantastic hotel! Lovely and clean with very friendly and attentive staff.|The best thing for us was the incredible food options - you are absolutely spoilt for choice and all top quality dishes.|We usually go to adults only hotels so we …

4. Yorum: Booked a room direct with the hotel,  9 night stay, double room, side sea view, cost £2.7k, room no.7022.|Room was exactly what we booked, although a very tired looking bathroom (never seen quite so much sealant used on a bath surround …

5. Yorum: OMG! This is a Monster Hotel with all the bells and whistles! Absolutely faultless from start to finish (10 Days stay). The rooms are decent and the pools are fabulous. The staff are exceptionally kind and caring, great location too! We really found it hard to beat, as we are seasoned travellers! One thing we found great, they go out of the way to provide food and drinks throughout the resort, even with waiters on skates around the pools, so you never have an empty glass or stomach. Then a great gym to work off those extra calories too! The reception area is breathtaking with the largest chandiliar we've ever seen! All in All a great destination resort, which is pricey, but still worth those extra notes. Well done guys.

6. Yorum: Hotel is brilliant! Will definitely come here again. Loads to do here and all in one place. Staff are very friendly and attentive. ||Hotel is very spacious and doesn’t feel crowded. Cannot fault the hotel at all. Pools are really nice and clean

7. Yorum: Another 5+ star holiday in this awesome resort. It has become quite expensive but you do get what you pay for.  Top quality drinks, great food 24/7, extremely friendly and professional staff. I absolutely love the fact one can spend 2 weeks without having to be disturbed by noisy children (relax pool plus adult only dining area). The pools are HUGE. The front desk young man was kind enough to take some time to find and give me THE perfect room (with a complimentary upgrade to a bigger room). You won't be disappointed at the Imperial !

8. Yorum: **Delphin Imperial Hotel Review**

I recently stayed at the Delphin Imperial Hotel in Turkey with my family, and it was an outstanding experience. The hotel itself is luxurious, with a beautiful and well-maintained property that exudes elegance. The rooms are spacious, comfortable, and offer stunning views, adding to the overall relaxing ambiance.

One of the highlights of our stay was the animation team. Their energy and creativity were infectious, and they provided top-notch entertainment throughout our visit. From engaging daytime activities to captivating evening shows, they ensured that guests of all ages were entertained and having a great time. The kids’ club and family-friendly activities were particularly appreciated, making it easy for both kids and parents to have fun.

The dining experience at the Delphin Imperial Hotel is also exceptional. The food is incredibly tasty, with a wide variety of dishes to choose from. Whether you prefer international cuisine or local Turkish specialties, the quality and flavor of the meals are consistently excellent. The chefs and staff take great care in preparing and presenting each dish, making dining a delightful part of the stay.

Overall, the Delphin Imperial Hotel offers a wonderful blend of luxury, entertainment, and culinary excellence. It’s the perfect destination for a memorable family vacation in Turkey, providing enjoyment and relaxation for all ages.

9. Yorum: An exceptional hotel, with excellent equipment and facilities, with an incredible diversity of menus and exemplary cleanliness! We were very impressed by the staff who did their best to be at our disposal, being very helpful all the time. The handsome Hakki from Reception was very kind, empathetic and friendly, always smiling and ready to help, promptly and professionally! At our request, he provided us with pillows more suitable for our needs and gave us a room upgrade considering that it was our wedding anniversary :) We received champagne and cakes in the room, an impressive touch from the hotel.
Also, Violeta S is an excellent professional, good-looking and very kind, she was with us during the entire stay, every day she asked us if everything is okay or if we have any requests and provided us with all the necessary information. She was everywhere, like a guardian angel :) for the guests.

10. Yorum: Hotel looks luxurious but it is more kitsch. Restaurant is huge, swimming pools are huge and sea is just a couple of minutes walk, private beach with everything you may need. The place has everything you need for great vacation, but somehow doesn’t feel like you get the 5 star experience. My overall experience is no more than 3 stars. Mainly due to staff at reception and some of the kitchen staff.

11. Yorum: This is the best hotel ever we really enjoyed the reception people are very nice always willing to help very clean hotel even when you check out they let you stay as long as you want and use the facilities. I recommend is absolutely amazing hotel

12. Yorum: One of the worst experiences I have ever had with an UAI 5 stars hotel, as from the beginning I lost 2 of the 7 days in room or in hospital having problems with child, diarrhea and gastroenteritis and also my wife experienced after few days vomiting and pain, had to stay also a whole day in the room.
From the beginning we had big expectations with this hotel but, regarding food it was bellow average for sure, and not sure about the quality as with the experience we had it’s doubtful!
Regarding drinks and services for sure a 5 star quality, full of kind personal everywhere, good quality drinks. Also quest relations stuff where kind and available for any questions we had.
Pools and beach are quite nice, the place was pretty narrow, but probably it’s a standard for Lara hotels.
Due to the fact that the evening was very warm and narrow place evening activities outside were not an option.
The dock and the bar on the dock was amazing, to bad the places were limited.

13. Yorum: no longer high-quality, it was a while ago.
drinks type very low and tasteless marks( soft drinks ).
outdated rooms, stayed in suite room, toiletries and shower shampoo gels were cheap refill.
I arrived with an electric vehicle but could not charge at the post because this was only intended for the boss.
no problem, plenty of hotels that score better in this price range.

14. Yorum: At 14:00  on 20/06/24 I got a round doughnut float with my son which was provided by the water park. At the top I asked the lifeguard on duty who was stationed at the top of the slide which slide we could go on and he pointed to the white and burgundy slide. He helped us get onto the float and made sure we were sitting securely before pushing us down the slide. I had my son in my lap and we were holding on tight [the lifeguard was happy for me to hold my son in this manner whilst going down the slide]. Unfortunately, a few seconds in, the float flipped over and we fell off the float whilst sliding down the slide. The float went down the slide away from us. At this point, I shouted out asking for help. We were stuck for 5 minutes in the middle of the slide and no one came to help us. I decided not to stand up and try walk back down the slide as there was a great risk of falling and causing further danger to my son and I. Whilst sitting down, I shuffled slightly down the slide and then we found the float we were originally in. I initially thought I would be able to get back into the float with my son, however it was too difficult with the water going down at speed and I did not want to endanger my son. Two older children then came crashing down the slide in a big 8 float. They crashed into my back and shoulder and I felt my joint come out, followed by excruciating pain. As a result, the four of us went all the way into the water. We then came out of the water and I felt further excruciating pain.  Given the severity of the injury and the possibility of further injury, it is evident that this type of slide required a member of staff both at the top and the bottom to ensure the bottom was clear before any other people came down the slide. I noticed that there were members of staff there but they did not appear to be observing what we were doing, they were clearly not paying attention or keeping an eye on the hotel goers attending the park. The injury was actually caused by the other children crashing into me, which would not have happened if staff made sure the slide was clear before allowing others to use it. This is a basic step that should have been taken. I have been on many water slides as well as my son so we know how to safely go down a slide. The hotel and its staff have a duty of care to its guests, particularly in an unsafe environment that is frequented by young children. This is clearly a breach of duty of care and my injury caused by this breach.  The managers got aggressive the next day and said it was my fault. I got emotional saying I wouldn’t do anything to put my 3 year old in any danger so how could they say that? They threatened to kick us out of the hotel and to call the police.

5 weeks later and I’m still in a lot of pain but they’re blaming me for what happened.

15. Yorum: Terrible; cockroaches everywhere. I always threw up because of the disgusting smell. The restaurant always served me moldy food for my 1 week stay. The trim was also unbelievably small. There was one single mattress on the floor that was paper thin and the bathroom didn’t even have a shower. When I asked one of the employees, they just said I had to pay for it but I paid 5000 euros per night for the best room possible. There was supposed to be a bunch of water slides but there was t even a pool. Not recommended.

16. Yorum: Amazing hotel with kind and helpful staff.tasty food too.i really recommend this hotel. Family friendly and there is a lots of things to do for children and adult. Thanks for your hospitality 🙏

17. Yorum: This was the best hotel ever and the best holiday I’ve had in my entire life, the staff were so nice, friendly and respectful, including the other people that were staying at the hotel, I really loved the food, the food was so brilliant and also the drinks and I really loved the entertainment, the parties, the jet ski and jet car, the beach, the swimming pool and water park and everything else about this hotel. Apologies that this took me 1 month to do. It took me this long because I was working on the video I made in the hotel. But otherwise I would like to thank this hotel for everything they did for me my mum, I’m really grateful for that and I will come back to this hotel again.

18. Yorum: Such a disappointing stay. The room is very basic. We had to move rooms twice because the fridge was filthy, shower wasn't cleaned from precious guest and their was poo on toilet roll. VILE!!
Food is below average expect a few days of diarrhoea and upset belly as they cook in mountains of oil. We ate out most evenings and skipped breakfast as food was awful.
I will give credit to pool staff and pool bar staff they are amazing. Receptionists are so ignorant and rude. We be ensuring to tell people to stay away it's not worth your hard earned money.

19. Yorum: This is not a hotel. This is a whole city. I am writing this review while still being in the hotel - that’s how amazed i am.
I am blown away by the amount of different things to do and places to go. The level of organization of everything (food in billion different places, pools, beach…) is at an insanenly high level, everything runs perfectly. This hotel is for EVERYONE, it doesn’t matter if you are 1 or 101 years old, there is some content for you. From baby pools and playgrounds to night clubs. And the best thing is that it doesn’t feel crowded even though there is a lot of people, there’s simply that many different venues/locations within the resort, it really feels like a small seaside town. Just book the hotel right now and prepare to be amazed.

20. Yorum: Please read this before thinking about booking this hotel. This has to be the worst all inclusive i have been to, the staff have no communication skills hardly understand any english, very rude , and the guest relations is no help at all, i went with my family was totally disappointed, the food and facilities is not worth the money. I had few issues hoping guest relation would help me, but they totally ignored me . You will be wasting your money here. I paid to eat outside most of the days and alcohol quality is very low.

21. Yorum: We have been to Delphin Imperial twice now. We loved it!! Nothing to complain about. Food is amazing and a lot of variety. Staff are very friendly and helpful.  The hotel is very clean and neat. Everything you need is there. We have a toddler and a baby and all our needs were looked after.  Would recommend this resort to anyone! First time we visited in December and despite the weather, there was still a lot of entertainment and activities. And second time in May was amazing!!! Couldn't have time to be bored. 1000% would recommend Delphin Imperial!!  We already booked for next year.

22. Yorum: Unsure why this hotel is under five star luxury nowhere near being five star.
If you’re used to a luxury five star hotel stay away there are thousands upon thousands of people staying here. Food  is below average and is here to be eaten not enjoyed. We skipped breakfast most days and eat  out for dinner. This Trip made me realise hotel  is very important because it can ruin your whole mood for your trip.

23. Yorum: Hi,me and my girlfriend had an amazing time here again, 10th visit,see my previous reviews for details as faultless hotel with the best staff,food,drinks,grounds,pools,everything.|Many thanks to all the staff,see you all soon for our 11th visit.|Tony and Jo(Brighton football supporters from England)👍👍 …

24. Yorum: First time I felt I was treated as royalty.
The staff was compliant to satisfy your every needs. The overall service and diversity of it, was excelent.Food was great and the diversity of it would satisfy the needs for everyone.There were a lot of activities to choose from such as pool games, beach activities and daily evening shows organized by the hotel.
Overall we had a great time there and would definatly come again.

25. Yorum: Everything superlative. Extremely nice and friendly staff. Plenty of food and drink. There were 2 problems, one room was overlooking the garden, but there was no garden, you couldn't open your balcony door because you could hear a loud noise from the generators or whatever they were, and a pretty serious problem they didn't want to help me put 2 small bags of gel in the freezer to freeze them as they are needed to transport the medicine (injection), I am coming by car, this is not possible, I have proof from the doctor for that medicine, prescription , medical letter, etc

26. Yorum: they directly offered me upgrade with exrta payment ...i got a room closed to lefts and stuff room which is very noisy and street facing  the worste room in hotel ...
They forced me also to wear the hand bracelet all the stay which is uncomfotable ,my 4year kids lost it i asked reception to give new one they asked me 50€ OMG i think if they say hi they need extra charge ...
The hotel smell very bad and rooms ,aminities very old

Food was perfect ,room services was perfect .
The hotel over crowded

Im leaving hitel on 18/8/2024 I hope I can be patient staying here.

27. Yorum: Very clean hotel! Food is only ok, was expecting a lot more from a 5 star hotel to be honest! The bar staff are amazing and have great English. The biggest problem I had with our stay was the extremely rude receptionist, they cater well for the germans but If you’re from an English speaking country the reception has no real time for you.

28. Yorum: First time here and just got back a few days ago. The rooms were lovely and clean and Najli the housekeeper always made an effort to ensure this. Service was impeccable by reception, restaurant and bar staff always. Fodd was excellent. Definitely will be returning here soon. Thank you for a lovely holiday.

29. Yorum: I stayed in the hotel from 10th May to 14th May.

My experience was not more than 2 stars.

The staff doesn't know how to speak even broken English forget being fluent in it. A Hotel which claims to be the best should have English speaking staff atleast at the reception.

The rooms were clean generally but the washrooms were not cleaned properly. Despite raising red flags with housekeeping who dint at all understand English, the washrooms remained dirty. Also my bed had red bed bugs which the housekeeping took note off. I also lost if sunglasses from my room and no one at the hotel bothered to find them or give me any answer on check out.

Upon check in no one tells you anything about the hotel which is a huge property. Thus you are literally left on your own to explore the main areas and corners of the hotel. There is no information on activities happening at the hotel except a board at the swimming pool common area which sets out the daily activities.

Please be careful of using any facility which is outsourced by the hotel. A doctor at the hotel claimed 120 Euros for a 5 min consultation for my 8 month baby. He did not tell us his fee before hand and then extorted money when we denied to take our baby to their hospital. Because we had insurance he wanted to extort money. Hotel dint bother when we were arguing in front of their staff at the reception.

Food was not great. It was quite average. The alcohol available is sub standard which you won't ordinarily drink even at home. Smirnoff in vodka and Vat 69 for Whiskey is what they were offering. So figure for yourself.

All in all - not the experience I expected from a hotel of this stature in this city.

30. Yorum: If you need a REAL 5* holiday. This is the place to be.  As the rating indicates. You won’t regret it I promise you. Food and drink 24/7. Well run Hotel. Been coming here for 12+ years ( apart from the Covid years )

31. Yorum: This is our 2nd stay here & our last. We are absolutely fuming with how we were met by security. It is policy to show security at the gate your reservation when you 1st arrive, we did that. However, she kept asking for the voucher. I showed her our voucher that had our booking number, amount paid (which wasn't cheap), check in dates and our reservation name. This wasn't enough, she rang reception who hadn't great English so I asked her could I go up to reception and show them myself. She, the security guard, demanded our taxi turn back around and we were not welcome in the hotel. I had to leave the taxi who was parked at the entrance with security shouting at the poor taxi man who was not in fault for waiting there for this to be resolved! When walking up to reception the security chases me up trying to be intimating. I showed the receptionist my voucher who immediately told the security guard to back down as it was a valid voucher. I complained to the manager who was very apologetic. However, from speaking to other residents this isnt a first. Some 5 star experience!! I won't be staying here again!

32. Yorum: Best hotel ever! All inclusive but different specialities every evening. Private beach with drinks and food served at the table. We had the best time ever! Few outdoor swimming pools including adult area and kids area. We will be back!

33. Yorum: Best experience of our life. Couldn't recommend it enough. Literally zero complaints. Loved the staff, facilities, food and rooms. Everything was perfection. Can't wait to visit again!

34. Yorum: The best holiday resort in Lara. I can’t recommend this hotel enough, the staff are outstanding in my opinion, they have so much respect and love towards their guests. Me and my husband stayed for a week and we felt like we were at home. The hotel has such a homely feel and its definately one I will keep visiting in Antalya. The buffets they have for breakfast, lunch and dinner are just delicious!!! The staff go above and beyond the waiters are so kind and will get you anything you ask.
We booked a side sea view room and wasn’t too happy with the view but we asked the hotel staff and they supported us straight away and changed our rooms the next morning to exactly what we wanted.
I had the holiday of my dreams because of the experience I had with this hotel. I am amazed by their hard work and respect. Me and my husband would recommend this hotel to everyone. I cannot thank them enough for making our holiday extra special. They have night shows every day from 8 till 10 and provide so many snacks and drinks. It really did not dissapoint. I cannot fault the staff everyone is really really lovely so thank you again!! I cant wait to visit Delphin Imperial again. X

35. Yorum: I just returned from Dephin Imperial. I am so happy that I chose this hotel for my children and I. We had the most fantastic experience from start to end. My children are ages 12, 8 and 6. The hotel ticked every box, location, food, facilities, staff, entertainment and the list goes on.
We enjoyed our day eating a delicious breakfast, the children were in the pools for hours, they enjoyed food, drinks and ice cream poolside. I would relax by the pool with a lovely cup of coffee from the coffee house. We did not have to leave the pool area for lunch as the outdoor eating choices catered for all of us.
The entertainment in the evening was just brilliant. With the added bonus of the funfair (Luna park) which was enjoyed by my children. The shows were excellent, we thoroughly enjoyed the Turkish night and the Michael Jackson night. One evening we stumbled across the launch party of Delphin's first party of the year!...and what a party it was! We enjoyed this from the balcony.
As if we were not already having a great time, the day before we left they turned the outside area into 'candy land'. My children were in heaven! This hotel just kept giving.

We visited Delphin BE Grand for free between 4pm-6pm, this is available to Delphin Imperial guests. The water park here was excellent, however BE Grand was overwhelming big. The great news is, Delphin Imperial are building a new Aqua park which is due to open in May/June. However, the aqua park they already have was perfect for us.

I would highly recommend this hotel and we cannot wait to return again. Thank you to all the wonderful staff at the Delphin Imperial.

36. Yorum: Very nice hotel, was very pleased with my choice.
From the minute we walked in we had a wow factor.

Stunning decor, friendly, polite staff.
Special shout out to Mehmet Zulfu- he looked after us so much! Was always there to help! Definitely an asset!

Food - great variety of different foods in the main food hall. Choices of salads and meat. Breakfast was very good, stands outside during the day were good too.

They also have some A La Carte restaurants. We tried Greek and Mexican. Greek was amazing, from service to the food. Unfortunately can’t say the same about Mexican, didn’t like the food as it was way too greasy and when we arrived they gave us table for 2 (we had 2 adults and a child) so we assumed they are bringing another chair, we were wrong so my husband had to go and complain so that initially put us off.

Rooms - very spacious rooms, clean and modern. No complaints! Mini bar refilled every day.

The only negatives I have: Guest relations manager seemed not bothered by anything, not great attitude and also when you are sitting at the back (closer to the chocolate stand) it takes forever to get a drink, nobody goes there to check up on guests!

Would definitely come back in future as can. Deal with these minor negatives.

20 mins from Antalya airport and Land of Legends.

37. Yorum: The all-inclusive package was great From indulging in rejuvenating spa services to relishing an array of delectable food options, the hotel provided a comprehensive and satisfying holiday experience.

However, the housekeeping standards were bad on the second day. The bed sheets were haphazardly arranged, and cushions were carelessly thrown on the sofa, suggesting a lapse in attention to detail.

Our visit in November, while generally pleasant, was met with disappointment as the water rides, a key attraction, were unexpectedly closed. This information was not adequately communicated before our stay, leaving us unprepared for the lack of access to these facilities. Clearer communication regarding the availability of attractions would have allowed us to manage our expectations better.

The waiters were overly clingy, making it difficult to enjoy our meals in peace. We would have preferred a more subtle approach to service, allowing guests to savor their dining experience without feeling constantly interrupted. I guess they want tip. I only travel via card.

Another point of contention was the insistence on using the hotel's taxis, with an exorbitant charge of £40 to the airport. Opting for an Uber instead, we paid only £11, highlighting a significant price difference and leaving us questioning the hotel's transparency in their transportation services. In conclusion, provided a great overall experience with its fantastic amenities but housekeeping is bad

38. Yorum: My stay at this hotel was truly unforgettable, thanks to the breathtaking sea views that greeted me every morning. The room was thoughtfully designed, offering panoramic vistas of the ocean. Waking up to the sound of waves and enjoying mesmerizing sunsets from the comfort of my room made the experience truly magical. The attentive staff and luxurious amenities added an extra layer of indulgence. If you're seeking a tranquil escape with unparalleled sea views, this hotel is an absolute gem.

39. Yorum: Hotel is great but the taxi drivers outside the location are rip off merchants & con men. Basically, they ruined my whole experience in Antalya.  Charging silly fixed prices of 50 euros per trip and refusing to put on the meter.  They can stuff it.  Hotel must do more to safeguard their guests from these charlatans

40. Yorum: Only book this place if you are a retired millionaire and want to stay drunk all day. We were really looking forward to this vacation but this hotel was a huge disappointment. The food was very repetitive with limited options and the drinks were very sugary and even after paying a high charge for an all inclusive package we had to go out for meals.
The air conditioning system never worked and the reception confirmed that it doesn’t work when it’s advertised as centrally air conditioned.
The hotel is in the middle of nowhere with street dogs roaming outside the property each night.
Not a good value for money and won’t recommend this place to anyone. If you end up at this hotel then make sure to contact your booking agency for any issues and don’t get distracted by the hotel’s guest relations team and their whatsapp chat.

41. Yorum: We have been at Delphin Imperial Hotel from the 12.02.2024 till the 19.02.2024 for the second time. I need to inform you about a huge Fraud. I have invited my mother-in-law to meet with her granddaughter because we are living in 2 different countries. My wife booked the 2 rooms for our family and the grandmother. Booking done from Switzerland. The grandmother arrived a few hours before us and was obliged to pay 10% additional fee from the global amount to get the room. This is a FRAUD from the Hotel Chain DELPHIN.

I have been asking 7 time to show me the General condition where it is stated that she needs to pay 10% additional fee because she is not living in Switzerland and of course at the reception nobody can clarify me the situation and just informed me: “That’s the rule !!!”.

I have been in contact with people from the front office who added some additional bullshit about the difference of price between Switzerland and Russia where a Russian citizen needs to pay more. Again, some additional bullshit, I have never seen another country paying more than Switzerland for booking holidays. Obviously, I have asked again for the general condition where it is stated that a Russian citizen needs to pay 10% additional fee, but nobody can demonstrate it. Be careful with the booking at Delphin Imperial Hotel because they are not trustful and doing fraud about some “additional fee” not existing anywhere.

I have been in Belek in another hotel, Papillon Zeugma, and I have never experienced such a fraud. It seems that it is only the privilege of Delphin Imperial to fraud the client.

Additionally, the food this year was not good. The fish was overcooked every single day.

The toilets in the room not working correctly, some places not cleaned in the lobby and not well-maintained.

For the next visitors: be CAREFUL to this hotel attempting to make Fraud by paying additional fee not existing in the general condition.

Update on 7th March 2024, no answer from the hotel and Management after some e-mails written since we came back. NOT PROFESSIONAL at all !!!

On the 13th September 2024, No news from this hotel… I don’t know how the owner would react if he was informed about this situation…

42. Yorum: Had a great week over Xmas 2023. We really enjoyed our stay.  Thanks to the wonderful staff ,  beautiful selection of food ( from morning to night) Exceptional standards of cleanliness and quality. We really touched lucky with the winter weather ( sunny +22 everyday ) but even if the weather had been against us we would still have had plenty to keep us entertained.  Well done everyone involved at Delphin Imperial.  We will definitely be coming back for more.  💙👌🏻

43. Yorum: The services about cleaning, food and staff are very good, but that's all, the problem it s the entertaiment, a lot of activities they are canceld, the Park pool it's closed almost all of the time, sunday night after 23:30 everything it's closed, we were a group of 10 person staying în front of the hotel just to have one drink... sad for us after we pay a lot of money, and that's that! ✌️

44. Yorum: I'm thrilled to share my experience at the stunning 5-star hotel in Antalya. It's truly a gem deserving of all five stars. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, enhancing my stay. The hotel's cleanliness is exceptional, and the management is attentive to hygiene. The rooms are immaculate and comfortable, and the pool area is breathtaking. The all-inclusive option is worth it, offering a wide variety of delicious dishes and drinks. I highly recommend this hotel for a luxurious and memorable stay in Antalya.

45. Yorum: Deplorable. Not a five star hotel definitely! Room, pools and all of the amenities are very old. Never come back.

46. Yorum: Great service, well furnished, we visited in February all sections of the hotel was working except rainy days. The food was great. The only missing thing is a jacuzzi in the pool.
Amusements and activities was awesome.

47. Yorum: I really wanted to love this place. We spent quite a bit of money and we're really looking forward to this trip.
Unfortunately we we're extremely let down. The food was OK and very repetitive, not at all for what I would expect at a 5* hotel. I know if it a family friendly place but we tried to avoid any school holidays- didn't matter, there were screaming kids everywhere.
The drinks were flowing and we always had people asking if we needed anything, but the cocktails were so sugary.
All in all we won't be going back and I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. The price does not coincide with the quality.

48. Yorum: This is the best hotel I have ever been but the service can't really speak English but I recommend this place it's beautiful and very fun you can do

49. Yorum: Highly recommended place. One of the best hotels with hardworking and friendly staff, kids friendly, amazing entertainment team and wow the variety of food and taste is just so good. Best hygiene and management. We been to so many places and hotels but the comfort level is so good in this one and it's beyond any words to describe. Had a wonderful experience at our stay at this hotel.
Its a good place for all kinds of age group with all the facilities and services available and provided.
Thanks a lot to the whole team for such a heavenly experience.

50. Yorum: An excellent 5-star resort for you and your family. The facilities themselves will give you a WOW since the very first moment you arrive (not even describing that massive chandelier in the lobby). The buffet restaurant and breakfast options are very good and plenty of (you can’t try them all within one week). The bars will serve you good drinks with authentic alcohol (not the local equivalents). The beach is big and with good sun exposure (sunrise until sunset without any mountain shade). The pools are massive and of very good quality. The aqua park is excellent for you to enjoy the afternoon. The rooms are big and with good quality furniture (and views). The staff is very friendly and helpful and will always try to serve you the best possible. The spa and sauna center is good and with plenty of options. The Game Center is a little bit pricy though. On top of all that, you will never get bored at this resort with all the day and night activities they offer: from pool entertainment exercises to daily shows at night, this place will never get you bored. Definitely an excellent place for the price. Give it a try.

PS: if you have kids, they will love this place even more.

51. Yorum: My husband and I spent 9 nights in this hotel, it was a nice vacation and we would definitely go back in the future!
The room was clean, the service was great, a lot of stuff are inclusive, the food was really good, the staffs are kind and friendly.

I gave 4 stars because they do party and loud music until 11pm or sometimes until before midnight. But in total it was a great experience and I could only recommend to go there and have fun.

52. Yorum: Had a really good experience for our first holiday with a baby. All the food I'd tried always tasted fresh. Our little boy really loved the lovely kittens on site around the Imperial Cat House. Love how there are so many stalls scattered about outside. Lots of snack choices outside. The chocolates in the chocolate and coffee section were really good. All the staff were lovely - didn't quite catch their names and Samira K of guest relations is really lovely. The place is very clean. The cleaners act very quickly if there is any mess made by kids etc which I thought was very good. The bathrooms in public areas around the hotel are really clean and nice. Location is also good as there are plenty of shops nearby including a migros supermarket for any essentials. I also liked how this hotel had all the apps on the TV so the kids could continue watch their favourite shows.

53. Yorum: Amazing hotel! Service is great, food is amazing (a lot of different types of dishes and very very tasty). Rooms are getting cleaned on a daily basis, staff is very helpful.Entertainment groups are pretty interesting. Hotel pools and the beach are very clean. Basically a very nice place for families. Planning to come back next year! Thanks Delphin Imperial😊

54. Yorum: I stayed here with my family between the dates of 28th August till 2nd September 2023. I had with me a 1
Year old and 6 year old. I booked this last minute with some research. As long as there was a water park and beach for the kids, then I was happy..The flight was delayed 3 hrs due to the air traffic control fiasco in London. Upon hotel arrival & leaving - amazing. The hotel is massive. The main reception and seating area is spectacular and large. The lifts are constant. There is a midnight till 7am snack bar in the basement, which I ended up using on the first day of arrival as we arrived 2am and kids wide awake. The all inclusive that I paid was definitely value for money. The kids are constantly snacking throughput the day with drinks too. The waiters never allow anyone not to have a drink. The pools and water park both kids and adults are great. My little ones loved it and that's where we spent most of our time. The room was good.. clean, large and spacious with good air con..generally quiet from the noise. The main bit I really enjoyed was the food. The breakfast and dinner hall is enormous, a huge selection of food. My wife was so confused that she selected odd combinations. The food quality for a large scale buffet was good quality. I can only give this hotel superlatives. This place is genuinely perfect for kids and families - clean, large and animation shows in the evening are just as good..the kids club also very attentive. I can go on and on but the price I paid £2000 for 5 nights at this hotel was worth it. Also a mini theme park with Ferris wheel.

55. Yorum: Just back after 10 days at the Imperial, it is a fantastic hotel, service is outstanding at every location, everywhere is spotless( never used a bathroom that hadn’t been cleaned in the past 15 mins)food is wonderful. One gripe is that for the last 3 days of our visit kids were allowed to use the relax pool despite there being two huge pools available for them. I hope this is temporary as it was a massive part of our holiday and could affect any decision to return and our group were not the only ones concerned about this. Overall though had a fantastic time.

56. Yorum: Brilliant hotel beautiful pools amazing food and amazing staff will definitely be coming back no problem with sun bed rooms are beautiful very clean staff are so helpful amazing hospitality 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎 …

57. Yorum: Just finished a week long stay at this one of a kind hotel!

Pros

- Kids club absolutely wonderful - the staff have so much energy and make each child feel special and loved (Kaira in particular was fantastic)  - absolutely amazing for children and highlight of our daughters stay - she didn’t want to leave

- Huge choice of tasty and fresh food - buffet open breakfast, lunch and dinner but also had toastie station, fresh pizzas and kebabs outside

- Good kids and adults entertainment even in winter - different every night for adults and daily disco for kids

- Lots of places to get drinks and snacks even in winter

- Heated outdoor pool is glorious

- Lovely spacious rooms

- Friendly staff - particularly Gokhan S in the Pool Bar and the cleaning staff in the restaurant

- Salon very reasonable prices

Cons

- Loud due to layout of rooms facing balcony into lobby - no chance of sleeping pre 11pm and even then people walk past your door and make lots of noise.

- Downstairs shop a rip off - €5 for a kids lollipop

- Spa is very expensive and not good - 50 min facial included 30 mins of lying with a face mask on in the incredibly noisy spa

- A La carte food very average and tiny portions but waiters lovely (Zuma)

- Duvets far too small for beds and soaking wet robes left in the room and not changed.

Overall, I’d definitely go to the hotel again, our 6 year old absolutely loved the trip and the food is wonderful. It was busy in February so I can only imagine it would be absolutely packed in the warmer months!

58. Yorum: First holiday at Lara Beach. Spotlesly clean. Helpfull and friendly staff.

59. Yorum: We stayed here for a week around Christmas time,
Lovely food, lovely cocktails and we really enjoyed the 24hr bar and the bartenders like the rest of the staff were really pleasant and helpful.
As for the beach and the gardens, they were beautiful and clean but we did not get to use them much since we were there on a rainy week.
Our rooms were also spacious and clean, cleaning was done every day as well.
The lobby is also nice and really big, and endless choices for food, snacks and drinks

60. Yorum: We stayed at Delphin Imperial for 4 nights. The hotel is massive comes with different restaurants and bars. They provide foods, drinks, fresh fruits, snacks all day and night. There are also some shows and activities. We mostly stayed by Relax pool where it’s 14+. You can also access to private beach and all water activities. The food quality is good and you can find fish, meats, Turkish and international food and variety of sweets and ice cream.

61. Yorum: Best holiday destination for the second time. Everything is just perfect, rooms, staff, food,pools, etc.
What we liked most is the continuous improvements the management keeps doing, like the new arena for the daily shows, the new area for spirit sports, the cat house 🙂
The variety and quality in everything is the key success factor we have experienced so far. We are sooo happy and looking forward to the next holiday in Delphin Hotel 😍

62. Yorum: I had a problem with the staff of the hotel. I wanted to make a short exhibition to know what the hotel looks like inside and make a reservation for the next time I come to Turkey. I explained it to the security but they didn't even agree to call reception and ask. Only after I started to go inside the territory they agreed to a call. Then I explained what I wanted to the front desk manager via phone and was also declined. In my opinion, this attitude towards the potential guests is unprofessional and unfriendly.

63. Yorum: Honestly I think that Delphin is worth every penny it is most definately woth 5 stars. The staff is so friendly and there is just soooo much to eat and drink from. It is also kid friendly so they have stations around the hotel where kids can grab a juice of choclate milk or a yogurt, not to mention the girls in Kids club, Gulistan, Doa and Melissa three amazing and outstanding grils that go out of there way to play and look after the kids in the kids club and then later in the kids disco. I would defo go back!

64. Yorum: In the dictionary, the word ‘imperial’ means “majestic or magnificent” this hotel was exactly that, the lobby area is just wow. We stayed here for a week and loved every bit from the atmosphere of the place, to the friendly staff, the spa area and not to mention the great huge variety in food. Normally I like experiencing different hotels but I would definitely stay here again.

I’m giving it 4* sadly because the rooms and bathrooms just don’t have the same wow factor as the rest of the hotel, and the gym is very small compared to the one in Delphin BE grand, with limited machines.

PS if you need any assistance or have issues during your stay, there’s a really nice helpful woman by the name of Sumera, dealt with queries right away.

65. Yorum: I have been here twice in the past and this is one hotel I will recommend. It’s not too big or too small and has everything in there it’s difficult to find a decent “5star” and this is certainly a 5* hotel. Lara beach is also perfect location. It felt safe here and I would like to come back. All a la carte and shisha need to be pre-booked. There is shopping across the road and there are 2 malls around. Perfect place

66. Yorum: Hotel and location were fantastic. Service was excellent from start to finish. Even though it was winter months and some parts were closed foe.odf season the hotel was still excellent. The staff are to be praised for the way they are treated by some of the more arrogant guests. We will defo be back

67. Yorum: First time staying at this hotel, everything was absolutely splendid !

Beautiful space, cozy. We spent our time here with great pleasure.

We enjoyed delicious cocktails, tried a wide verity of food from the menu. The entertainment staff at the hotel left us speechless, absolutely amazing! Fitness trainers did a great job keeping us fit, considering how much food we ate… we really appreciated them. Every day was interesting and filled with activities.

We were pleasantly surprised with the girls from the Mini Club. They did a good job, from the early morning to the evening they had a lot of different programs for kids, and in the evenings dance parties for kids. Which gave us, parents a much needed vocation. Overall the girls did a great job inspite the heat, they danced all day and were very pleasant and smiley :)

They also have shuttles from the hotel to the clubs with the entertainment staff, which Is very convenient. 💃🏼❤️

The restaurant staff were quick and officiant and always offering us a wide verity of delicious goodies. 🤤

Thank you to the hotel and its staff for a great vocation. We loved how organized everything was and its very impressive how it all ran as a well oiled machine. I cant even imagine how much work it is to keep everything running so smoothly. We will definitely be back and we will make sure to check out another one of their hotels “Delphin”.

68. Yorum: we have stayed in this hotel last month 5days my experince was super with this hotel amazing stay staff was wood evrthing is good my nxt visit also to this hotel its was peace full stay for us room was very neat and clean and food was super hk staff and fo staff to polite and respcetiv staff but i actually asked them regrading job but they dint not respond i felt bad for that i hope u will see this review and reply .one of my brother looking for job he have experince front offfice can u do me faver for this thank for ur hotel

69. Yorum: Overall ok, good food, a lot of activities, clean, kind people.
The rooms could be improved, was a bad smell inside and the room was not cleaned every day. To not empty the trash bin every day in a 5 stars hotel is a reason to not return here for us. Too many tourists here and they don’t pay attention to details.

70. Yorum: My family and I spent 11 nights here. It was a blast. There were plenty of activities for the kids to do, the food was mind blowing, the service was excellent overall very happy with our choice. Highly recommend it to others, especially with a young family.

71. Yorum: Unfortunately no food available for other nationalities especially for Asian Indian rather than mostly Turkish, Russian & English food which I feel spoils the whole atmosphere of a holiday at this great resort.

International English language speaking & able to understand was very rare which again is not what anyone expects from a 5 star resort! House keeping was let down badly by not changing bed sheets & room cleaning.

Otherwise staff & especially managers are excellent at resturants  and sitting area where excellent service had been provided looking after they customers very well. I feel with little effort the resort can truly get a 5 star - its just a shame!

72. Yorum: Great place even if I was there for work.
Staff very friendly depending on how you treat them, being there for 1 month also helps to build this.

Buffet style food, is not bad at all, but it remains catering for everyone.
Alacart restaurant is an option to reserve.
Always, at any time, something to eat and I was there in the off season.

Location is great, every problem in the room is immediately fixed.

Entertainment for kids and adults as well as a pub with football (live) and a chocolate corner to pamper yourself.

73. Yorum: I'm staying in this Hotel one week with my parents. I want to share a sensitive detail that holds significance in understanding the rest of my comment. My father, who is 90 years old, requires a wheelchair for mobility. This trip was a source of great apprehension for my mother and me, as it's the first time we've traveled with him in such a frail state of health.  In the end, these days turned out to be amongst the best holidays in my life.
Regarding the hotel : it is simply perfect. It is enormous and really beautiful. It has indoor and outdoor big swimming pools. And a lovely private beach. There are tons of bars and restaurants all around. With the all inclusive formula, you have access to absolutely everything, except one restaurant (out of the 10 ones that the hotel offers). You can grab ice cream and cold water (or any cold or hot drink you might think of, but with 45 degrees, believe me, cold water is the must have) pretty much everywhere. There is also a huge fitness room. I did not try it though. I have much more to do with the beach In this season ;) . There are multiple shops as well, with fancy jewelry, bags, clothes, and of course beach stuff. The free WIFI works perfectly everywhere, from the rooms all the way down to the beach. But with the tons of activities that the hotel proposes, there is no time to get bored or to Netflix : whether be sports, animations for the kids, concerts or parties at night, there is always some way to have a good time.
Now, regarding the SPA. There are multiple saunas, gorgeous hammams, dazzling steam baths, comfy relax rooms with cool Zen music and superb decoration. It is by far, the biggest and most beautiful SPA I have ever seen.

I would now like to talk about what, for me, clearly sets this hotel apart: its staff.
From the moment we arrived, the hotel staff made us feel incredibly welcome. They are not only professional but also genuinely caring and attentive to the needs of each guest. Their warmth and friendliness created a welcoming atmosphere throughout our stay.
The housekeeping team deserves special praise for their exceptional work. Every day, they ensured that our room was spotless and equipped with all the necessary amenities. I was truly impressed by their dedication to maintaining the highest standards of cleanliness.
And this is true for any part of the hotel. Despite the hotel's enormous size, there isn't a single place that isn't impeccably clean. Whether it's restaurants, lobby, or gardens, everything is perfectly maintained.

In the restaurants and bars, the staff provided exemplary service. They were always ready to assist with a smile, and their efficiency in managing large crowds was remarkable. Despite the hotel's size, we never felt neglected or experienced any significant waiting times.
What stood out to me the most was the genuine interest the staff showed in making our experience enjoyable. I had the pleasure of conversing with Samira, who works in the customer relations service. Her enthusiasm and helpfulness were unmatched, and she provided me with valuable recommendations to make the most of my stay.
The Japanese restaurant she recommended was an absolute delight. The chefs not only showcased their culinary expertise but also made it an unforgettable experience with their entertaining cooking shows.
One particular highlight was the thoughtfulness and care the staff showed toward my father, who uses a wheelchair. They were always willing to assist in transferring him to different areas, ensuring his comfort and making him feel valued as a guest. Their willingness to go the extra mile for their guests truly made a difference in our overall experience.

To the entire staff of this hotel, I extend my heartfelt gratitude for your kindness, dedication, and exceptional service. It is your collective effort that makes this hotel stand out among the rest, and thanks to you, our time here has been truly memorable. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a remarkable hospitality experience.

74. Yorum: 1st time at Delphin surprise holiday treat from hubby for my 60th. First impressions. wow.  From booking in staff so helpful & friendly to each and every day being totally awesome. A very spotless hotel constant cleaning. All the staff above and beyond. The pool guys helping with sunbeds to the  skater waiters never leaving you with an empty glass. On my actual b'day the pool guy brought me some flowers beside the pool all wished me birthday wishes so friendly. The food choices are excellent in the buffet and actually hot!! Had 3 Al a carte meals all superb went for Chinese on b'day got presented with gorgeous big cake waiters turned off lights n sang to me. Felt truly special. For such a big hotel all runs smoothly no hiccups.  Defo recommend hope to visit again 1 day. Lastly thankyou to all for making our holiday amazing not forgetting our room maid(hazine I think her name) for keeping us amazed with her displays on the bed each day stocking our fridge doing a fantastic job and surprising me with another b' day cake  n chocolates .
If I was to give 1 negative I would say the separate showers for late departing guests are a let down to the rest of the hotel. Need updating a shame to leave after been on a high all week feeling little deflated on seeing this.
But all in all a fantastic place

75. Yorum: We went on a family holiday. As it was February, it is not quite a holiday season so we managed to get a good deal. To our surprise there were many tourists as well.  The hospitality and the staff deserve five stars. Hotel security is top notch. As February is one of the cold months, the water rides and aqua park were closed. However, their indoor pool was heated and it didn't make us feel that we are missing something big. If you are vegetarian there will be less food options for you. Rest, it was a pleasure to stay at Delphine Imperial. Would definitely recommend and am myself looking forward to another trip. Enjoyed our stay to the fullest.

76. Yorum: I would rate this hotel 1/5 simply because of the service.  We had a few vegetarians in our group who only ate fruit for the 7 days that we were there despite there being so much food choice and having paid a lot to stay at this property.  The kitchen staff, management and guest relations were not able to help at all during the entire stay because they simply didnt care.  They refused to understand what vegetarianism is serving food with chicken to vegetarians.  Refused to make special food for the vegetarians even in the A la carte restaurants.  Guest relations - Ms Anahita had the audacity to come and tell us that is was not her problem!  Hotel General Manager refused to see us too.  Terrible place and would not recommend

77. Yorum: The best hotel I have stayed in. Excellent service, amazing kids entertainment, wonderful buffet and super helpful staff. We stayed for five nights and it was the best experience ever! Loved it. The Turkish people were so friendly and went out of there way to help us

78. Yorum: A wonderful experience for the family.  The resort has so many things to do for the kids and a private beach as well. All staff are friendly and very helpful with a smile on their faces. A great variety of food options including al a carte resturants to choose from.

79. Yorum: Just returned from a week in the Delphin Imperial, Lara Beach. This was the third time I have visited this hotel. Food excellent and a massive choice always available. Rooms large and comfortable and the staff were very helpful throughout stay. A special mention to Samira Guest relations who was always available and came to see us every day to make sure that we were happy with the hotel and facilities.
Even though it was winter season there was activities during day, heated outdoor pool and evening entertainment. Will return again.

80. Yorum: Amazing holiday at such an amazing resort. The service is top quality. Special thanks to Mr Ali guest relations for organising a birthday surprise and an extra surprise in the room for the evening. They don't miss a thing and cater for all ages. Hotel is in pristine condition despite being so busy and so big. Good pools and kids facilities excellent WiFi and food is everywhere !!! Thanks to all the staff who work tirelessly to give us such an amazing holiday.

81. Yorum: We stayed at Deluxe family suite, which has a great view and lots of room for kids.  The rooms are very spacious and there are separate 2 bedrooms, one bedroom with 1 double bed, another bedroom with 2 single beds, 1 shower. Balcony is huge and there is a jacuzzi at the balcony.  This is an all Inclusive hotel, great for families.  We chose this hotel because of our small kids, lots of entertainment for them.  It is a huge hotel, feels like a cruise ship.  Did i say huge!
The stuff of the hotel is very polite and friendly.  Night time entertainment was great for kids.  The beach and sea was great too.  I highly recommend this hotel for families with small kids.

82. Yorum: Very nice hotel nothing to much trouble great location

83. Yorum: We have travelled all around many different countries and stayed in outstanding hotels. This hotel is by far one of the best hotels we have stayed in. From the moment we arrived the service was absolutely incredible. The hotel is 21 minutes from the airport (I timed it), the food, drinks, hygiene, service, kindness and many many more aspects were 10/10. No complaints what so ever!

Definitely will be visiting again!

84. Yorum: My second day here was on 28/12/2022 and I still love this hotel! It has shops, barbers, a spa, bowling and arcade, nightclub, a gym, swimming pool, cinema, doctor clinic and a Camelot Bar, all in one building which is amazing!!! ☺️☺️☺️ The staff are friendly and polite, the food is exquisite, lovely refreshments and very good desserts!! There's also an Aqua Bar, Luna Park and Aqua Park and a beach at the back of the hotel!! This hotel is one of the biggest and the best I've ever stayed in!! ☺️☺️☺️ I'll be checking back in here on my next trip to Turkey!! 😄😄😄👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼

85. Yorum: I recently stayed at Delphin Imperial Hotel Antalya and had an amazing experience! The hotel facilities were top-notch and there was always something fun to do. I especially loved attending water yoga every morning and the entertainment team kept everyone in a great mood with their fun water activities. The staff around the pool were also amazing - they were always cleaning up and keeping the sunbed area clean all day long. 😀 The rollerskate team around the pools were also really friendly and attentive. They served drinks all day and were fun and so nice to everyone.
The entertainment at night was professional and a lot of fun for both children, youngsters, and adults. I also really enjoyed the amazing guy playing saxophone at the pier every night - it was such a relaxing way to end the day. The pier was a great place to enjoy good drinks and snacks. During the daytime, there was a Hawaii party and everyone (all ages) was dancing and having a good time. I loved the fantastic barbecue at the food/bar area during the daytime and the different live bands that performed at night. The lobby bar was amazing to cool down - there was a bar, chocolate stand, and sandwich and cakes. The beach was clean and looked inviting. The food was delicious and I loved trying new things at every meal. Most importantly, the staff was incredible! Everyone was so friendly, helpful, and attentive. I felt truly cared for during my stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a luxurious and memorable vacation

I've been to different 5 stars hotel in Turkey but this is something else. Its because of the great people working there. A special shoutout to
Memeht F,
Tarkan A,
Fethi K,
Caner B,
Samara K,
Adnan A,
Salahattin A,
Aziz B,
Ersin Ç,
Bateman Ç
Yağmur (the wonderful yoga instructor)
And all the other amazing staff that took so good care of us

We can't wait to come back!

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

86. Yorum: My absolute favourite hotel in Lara. It's right on the beach, you get something to eat and drink around the clock. Everything looks very luxurious and stylish. The staff are very nice and the rooms are very clean. Another big plus: it's not far to go shopping on foot.

87. Yorum: Absolutely amazing hotel. Staff literally can't do enough for us! They have been very good with my special needs son especially Elif and Müjgan is our Delphin angel! The endless choices of food and drinks are great quality and available almost 24hr. I don't think this will be our last visit! More photos to follow.
If you're considering coming here, get it booked you will make fantastic memories here as we are now!

88. Yorum: Absolutely loved our stay here, the hotel is beautiful and so clean.

The food choices for all inclusive is amazing, the added extras like the food shacks by the pools, (fresh made pizza, waffles, hot dogs, nuggets, chips, kebab, burgers, fruit stand, coffees/cake stand and more) was brilliant. Especially for kids.

Waiters served you drinks by the pool on roller blades, they were brilliant and so hard working and friendly. The iced coffee is amazing and I don't even drink coffee!!

Inside there's a patisserie all day and a chocolate bar from 4-6pm. The only issue with all the food choices is we will now compare any other holiday to here!

There's always plenty of tables in the buffet restaurant there's also a seperate smoking area one and one for adults only.

We ate in 3 of the a la carte restaurants, service was brilliant again but its a set type menu and alot of it I think you could maybe find in the buffet as there's just so much in there. Nice to have table service a couple of nights though. The booking of the a la carte is a little annoying, you have to be up before 9am day before to grab a space. I'm not sure how that can be made better though.

The entertainment it was quite good but we preferred the lounge area with the live music. There's board games/cards available to play there too and waiters keep your drinks topped up and snacks too. I would say the cocktails weren't amazing tasted a little diluted but I think it's the juice used in them. There is the options of branded alcohol so I stuck to that.

I loved the yoga class but times could be a bit earlier as it was 10.30am and breakfast finished at 11am. It was also cancelled a day I went down for the room to be cleaned and off on Sundays but the app didn't tell you that nor was a sign put up.

We initially booked a non see view, we were offered an upgrade for 200e when we arrived, I'm glad we did as the other room we were supposed to get really wasn't the best view and probably noisy. So would definitely recommend paying extra for sea view.

My son did get sick on the last day, but the manager was really kind and let us have a later check out for him to rest. This was really appreciated.

All in all we will 100% be back and have already recommended the hotel to friends and family.

Thank you Delphin imperial for a fabulous holiday.

89. Yorum: One of the best Hotel in Antalya. Food and Service is a VIP level. We are still here enjoying last few more days of our holiday and I wanted to say Massive Thank you to Kenan Demir , Adem B from main restaurant they made us feel like at home . Addition thanks to Ali S. ( I think is assistant team leader ) from skate team by the pool his energy and go extra mile attitude to serve every single visitors was noticed . Special thank you too all chefs and cooks who are behind the scene and cook amazing food for everyone . Only one feedback that I could say it would be great to add full availability at the rooms such like shaving set , bath sponges which we had to ask for it but they arrived so quick . Maybe an attention to detail , however this didn’t put us down from given 5 star to your hotel . Thank you again and I prize everyone who I mentions with the rest who I didn’t catch their names but as whole great ultra standard hotel . If you want to feel like VIP go here 😉

90. Yorum: Just got back from the Delphin Imperial after a 4 night stay I will start with the bad first, The food in the main restaurant was awful and no mater what you tried it was cold to warm also the meals were aimed at the eastern Europeans even though an awful lot of British people were staying there, Also if you are going in peak season be ready for a find a table game as we had a right job to find one. Now for the good points the rest of the hotel / pools, snack bars, cake bars and staff were excellent( not the reception staff they were grumpy and unhelpfull ) rooms are excellent, (we a junior suite) but could see as passing them in the corridors, any.more information please ask

91. Yorum: I was laying by the pool and told my wife my glasses were dirty. A person of the cleaning team has noticed and he came over to clean my glasses.
At 18:05 they were cleaning the bar (closing at 18:00) at the indoor pool when I want to order a drink, the waiter brought me the drinks from another bar.
My wife carrying two plates with food to our table from the buffet: a waiter takes one plate to carry for her.
These are just some examples of what you will experience at this place.
Service 11/10
This place is marvelous.

Food is great, waiters everywhere so you don’t miss a drink. Skate team who serves drinks at the pool is really nice. Personnel is friendly and happy, Free bustrip to Antalya, free beach bag. Fresh towels when you like/need, you can ask the personnel everything and they will be friendly and help you.

Been here for a week, worth every penny. This is a real vacation, never experienced anything like this.
I have to save up for this but would certainly visit here again.
5 star vacation, you won’t regret this!

92. Yorum: We visited in January (Turkish winter). The weather was hit and miss but no fault of the hotel. All the staff are very attentive with food and drink in endless supply. The hotel itself needs a little tlc, which is evident as they are doing work such as plastering. The hotel is grand and really stands out. I'm sure in the summer the beach and hotel really come to life. No one is pushy and looking for tips but some deserve tips such as one of the waiters who stands out from the crowd. A waiter with the surname Murat is friendly and is always eager to help, he goes out of his way to make your stay even better and expects nothing in return.

Overall for a winter stay this was excellent. All I would say is that it gets busy as guests rotate roughly every two weeks. It is more pleasant if you can plan your trip to coincide with other guests of the same nationality.

93. Yorum: The hotel is located on the Lara beach in a row of hotels. It is the largest in terms of capacity hotel in Lara, there are four outdoor pools, one indoor pool and one children's pool. Water sports are available on the side. The hotel is located near the airport and it is very easy to get to the city center or other sights. The hotel has several themed restaurants, the service is all inclusive. The internet in the hotel is excellent. There are also several bars and a disco club. The doctor is on call 24 hours a day. There is special care for children. The service is excellent, very polite. The hotel is very clean and highly recommended.

94. Yorum: Great hotel and great facilities for the kids. Very busy place and a lot happening. Food was very good although had a bad meal that put me out with D&V for a day and a half. The shop downstairs where they sell inflatables and chocolate bars etc is extortionate. Be careful.. Called reception for an iron and ironing board and they wanted to be paid extra to bring one to the room. I thought that kind of thing was pretty standard in a hotel these days. On the whole it was a nice place and the night time entertainment is superb! They have great shows every night of the week. Would I come back? Probably not but I would recommend a visit at least once.. Your kids will thank you 🙌🏽

95. Yorum: Service in this hotel is amazing, everyone happy to help you with everything, specially with drink and food... it is literally everywhere. Also non-alcoholic coctails, soft drinks, coffee, tea, sandwich, fruits, fast food ... everything all day long! Just perfect place for holidays

96. Yorum: What an absolutely fantastic hotel! My partner and I have been 4 times and returning again in November. The rooms are spacious and clean with a modern interior. The food is amazing and you’ll want for nothing. The staff are attentive and courteous. A special mention to Lukhman & Hassan, both work by the main pool.  With the kind of service this hotel provides, why would you want to go elsewhere. Looking forward to our next trip!!

97. Yorum: This was my first time to Antalya and it was an amazing experience. From the first time I entered the hotel to the rooms, the restaurant, the outdoor and indoor pools, every part of the hotel was 5 star. Very clean and amazing staff who were always there to help and give food or drinks. I will definitely ho here again and would recommend it 150% to any family.

98. Yorum: Good selection of food.

We were given rooms on different floors to our children even though we booked way in advance to have the rooms next to each other.
Not really suited for young kids.
Alot of staff don't speak English.

Got food poisoning.
The hospital recommended me a hospital. DO NOT go there. They will rip you off.

Not exactly a 5 star experience.

99. Yorum: We visited this hotel in feb half term with kids, i must say hotel is amazing we bought all inclusive package and we loved it every second we stayed in Delphin Imperial there pools are nice warm (indoors and outdoors ) according to temperature. 6 Ala carte restaurants were open however you need to book it in advance to get reservation, we did not use Ala carte as there was not much vegetarian option. However there own dinner lunch and snack was amazing, bar was great and midnight snack bar was great too, kids loved it all pastry and freshly made bakery items. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Security wise hotel is 100 secure wife left her phone at Bar and it was handed at reception desk. in short hotel is 10/10 location is very nice and there own private beach is amazing. i must suggest to use all there facilities. will definitely visit Delphin next time.

100. Yorum: Excellent House Keeping workers, always had a smile. Food was amazing with endless choices. Good pools for children and adults. Mustafa at the ice cream bar went out of his way to ensure my boys got the ice cream they wanted. Overall an excellent stay and would recommend to all.

101. Yorum: Very nice hotel resort with all inclusive ultra staff don't smile but a lot of things to do in this hotel. Massage is rubbish don't waste your money best to look for private massage as it's cheaper and better

102. Yorum: 4.5 overall - all inclusive big hotel, stayed here for 4 nights in early October.

Rooms: The room had two double beds and was relatively spacious, with a sofa as well and a balcony. The bathroom was average, it wasn't too small but the decor and layout was a little bit dated and inelegant. TV with Netflix.

Food & Drink: Lots of great options around the hotel all day. For main meals, the buffet was relatively good - although some dishes weren't amazing, for every meal there were some very good options. Especially desserts! Booking the a la carte restaurants was tricky as you could only book a day in advance. They were nice but nothing special. The non meal food options (eg pizza makers near the pool, ice creams etc) were all great.

Pools & Beach: There were 3 large outdoor pools. One adult only. Water is not heated so a bit cold. The indoor pool wasn't heated the first time we used it but later in the week it was - much nicer warm, not sure why they didn't have it heated all the time. Lara beach is more sandy than rocks and was the warmest I've ever experienced in the Mediterranean! Loads of beds around the pool and beach area. The spa seemed nice enough, and there were even a few medium sized water park slides, which was a great addition!

Staff & Entertainment: The skate team around the pool were very quick and always helpful. Other staff good too. Hotel security quite tight. The shows in the evening were surprisingly impressive - especially the Maleficent production, Oktoberfest and the talent shows.

Overall: I would recommend this hotel, it had a good variety of things to experience if you're after a relaxing holiday, spent mainly at the hotel.  Despite being fully booked, it never felt too busy or crammed, as the hotel is so big!

103. Yorum: +Massive hotel
+Lots of mini restaurants
+Nice lobby / Lifts
+Clean corridors
+Variety of Turkish food
+Few very friendly staff

-Not everyone speaks English
-Welcome differs on the skin colour!
-Not a real 5 star / may be 4 star

Avoid SEP-MAR since it’s their winter hence no Air conditioning or any water park games.

Can get other hotels for better value for sure.

104. Yorum: Been to this hotel 11 times now & what can I say, absolutely stunning hotel, staff all the way from cleaning, bar, reception, & management are so easy to work with, would highly recommend 100 %

105. Yorum: Most amazing hotel and staff. Food is excellent,  rooms very spacious,  there's everything you need
Samira? Customer Relations is a valuable asset to this hotel, delightful  knowledgeable, happy and curtious young lady, what a bundle of energy she is. You can tell she loves people and her job. WELL DONE

106. Yorum: We arrived 19/12/21 away for Christmas for the first time , we as a family have been to Turkey over the years , before coming to the delphin imperial not going to lie when reading some of the reviews I was slightly worried , but we had no need from start to finish could not fault the hotel. The food in main restaurant was very repetitive, but you would no go hungry, food during the day , pizza, toasties, kebabs and waffles were all fantastic. The staff from reception, lobby bar, restaurant and pool bar were all brilliant and very helpful . The rooms were exactly as on pics. Had its own chocolate shop 😃 the hotel was full near the end of our trip but we still got the same service. Would like to see hotel in the summer oh and the heated pool was a massive bonus for some winter sun .

107. Yorum: This is my second visit  and it’s a wonderful experience but was told on reception today that I cannot have a free beach bag until my 3rd visit. Unfortunately I have incurable cancer so may not be able to visit again.

108. Yorum: We had a very good time at Delphin Imperial.
We visited the hotel for the 3 time
I want to make a  special compliment for Caner from the aqua bar.
For his very good service and kindness

109. Yorum: Very nice hotel with a lot of facilities, especially for children.  The offer of food and drinks at each end of the hotel, also outside and next to the beach.  Very friendly staff, especially kind reception Mr.  Hakki who was very accommodating and helpful.  For Mr.  Hakki all the praises and a 10-star rating. My only complaint is the lady standing at the exit of the main restaurant, that lady took away the child's plate with several candies and that was the worst event for me.  That lady is standing at the entrance to the restaurant as customs, considering the price of 4000 Euros that we paid for 7 days, I think that such a move by the lady at the entrance of the restaurant is very bad and it left a stain on all the beautiful things in the hotel.

110. Yorum: My stay at this hotel was amazing!!! One of the top 3 hotels I'd ever stayed at.

They cater for all - activities for children an adults all day every day.

They have pools , different types of water slides an a kiddies pool with things to do.

Waiters by the pool so helpful!!

The rooms are nice an spacious an clean.

Went for a full body massage an it was amazing!!! After that massage my body was super relax.

Lastly it's all you can eat & all you can drink as much as you want. An they have a huge variety of all different types of food every day.

All waiters an staff goes out of their way an help you with anything you need or want.

Will definitely recommend anybody to go to this hotel. Worth every penny

111. Yorum: Best of the bests a distinguished ultra all inclusive resort, an iconic building, staff are extremely helpful and warm welcoming. Clean rooms and spacious. Food and services are exceptional and the lobby is an outstanding wherever you wish to meet sit and a free beverages are served with smiles. Would certainly look forward to visit and stay here again and again. But the room AC is not at the control of the guests in fall, as well as iron and iron board are not provided in the room and guests are not permitted to use their own for safety purposes.

112. Yorum: 4th visit! I guess this sums it up. Great service. They truly have thought of everything. There is food, ice cream and drinks in ever corner. Toilets are kept clean at all times. Staff are friendly and very polite. Rooms are comfortable and spacious. They truly do go out of their way to make it a memorable stay. Kids wise there is 2 pools for little ones, one for kids who love slides but not so deep 0.85m and there is 2 other big adult pools with a section where kids can also enjoy on a shallow end at 1.4m. pools kept clean, evening entertainment is varied. There is also a little rides section for the kids in the evening as well as access to spa facilities such as sauna and steam room and hammamt. There are additional services which you can pay for at a reasonable price. All in all we always enjoyed our stay here. Keep it up team Delphine you are all awesome.

113. Yorum: Booked Delphin for my 2 year old daughters first holiday. We loved this place everything was perfect. The food, the room, the pools and all the activities were excellent. The kids entertainment was perfect. Can't wait to go back

114. Yorum: This hotel was excellent. The service was brilliant. One of the waiters we called ronaldo as he looked like him was very good x it was clean food was good. Plenty of choice. Lovely beach bar with little bistro tables overlooking the sea xxx heated outdoor pool xxx

115. Yorum: First time at this hotel and have been blown away, absolutely amazing.
All the staff are so friendly and helpful,  amenities,  food everything was 1st rate. We will back in May.  Will definitely be recommending to friends

116. Yorum: Location is good, less than 20min from the airport. rooms are generally spacious and many of them sea views are worth the upgrade. however, haphazard and wildly inconsistent enforcement of unclear rules can ruin an otherwise pleasant experience.

117. Yorum: Booked rooms for me and for my family. We’re so happy to come and spend some good time there but they added 600$ to 3 rooms although I had already reservations with the price! They canceled the original reservations because “something is wrong with the reservation” - the wrong thing was the passport - they added money to the room because of the passport!!! Nice to know that different passports are getting different prices ! 2 hours of talking with the guy in the reception - he didn’t care he just wanted our money - the more the better.I will never come back to this hotel!

118. Yorum: Lovely hotel, Great staff. The family really enjoyed their stay, Ali at the Wave bar (pool bar) definitely the star on his Roller Blades, absolute star with my son Shay. From the cleaners to the towel attendants they honestly can't do enough for you.
Very clean with plenty of food options. You won't go thirsty nor will you go hungry. Really enjoyable break away.

119. Yorum: Stayed for 4 nights rooms were not that amazing but the rest of the hotel was 10 out of 10 the food was the best but they had so much variety everyday the menu was changed. The best I’ve latte Iv had and extremely friendly staff

120. Yorum: An awesome resort! We stayed here for 5 nights with the kids.. had a sea view family room and the ultra all-inclusive package is out of this world. The staff are super friendly and make sure that all your requests are dealt with swiftly. The hotel itself is immaculate and amazing. Having stayed at a few resorts before, this one easily stands out. The buffets are immense with a wide variety of food. There is always something on. The pools are well maintained and clean. Beach front is good also. Ideal for people with young children. Would I go back again? Absolutely YES!!!

121. Yorum: Beautiful resort. One of the first resorts I’ve stayed in Turkey. The staff are all very friendly, attentive and accommodating - have been here a couple of times and would highly recommend for young families as there is always something to do! The facilities are amazing and clean.

The food is amazing, brilliantly presented and a huge variety. There are 9 a la carte restaurants and they’re all free - all you need to do is just book a day in advance. One of the best all inclusive reports in Antalya!

122. Yorum: reat hospitality from all staff specially Miss Anahita from Guest Relatins we enjoyed her company during our stay. Cleanness was awesome. Lots of food variety with good taste. Evening entertainment was amazing. Last but not least thanks to Manager Ali from GR for being so helpful. Nice SPA and heated swimming pool. We will comeback here for our next holiday.
Read less

123. Yorum: Just returned from 7 days at Delphin imperial during October half term and we were fortunate to have plenty of sunshine and warm weather for the whole week. The hotel is brilliant, and I would highly recommend it for families with young children as there is plenty to do, eat and drink. Night entertainment is very impressive, although it is very loud until midnight so that might not be ideal for light sleepers. Great service, friendly staff and the selection of food was never ending! Thumbs up from us 👍

124. Yorum: Calling this hotel luxurious is so much of an exaggeration that I would prefer spending my vacation in a cave without any kind of food. I stayed in this hotel with my family in summer 2021 and got food poisoning the third day of our vacation. After throwing up 5 times in a row my father went to the reception to ask for a doctor. They told him that calling a doctor in the night would cost us 150€, which we agreed to because of my bad condition. Someone dressed in working cloths (who we assumed was not even a doctor because of the lack of physical examination) arrived at our room to check my temperature (which was normal). He didn’t even understand a word I was saying in English but told us that we had to go to the hospital (he showed me that sentence on google translate). We even agreed on that because we felt so helpless and I was in so much pain. Arriving at the hospital we didn’t get to see a doctor at first but someone who understood some words in English. The doctor came, checked my temperature once again, told me he would recommend that I stay the night in the hospital (without any physical examination), which would cost me 1500€. I told him that I didn’t want that. He said I needed a transfusion which would cost us 700€. We left the hospital paying 300€ without getting any kind of help (they wanted 150€ for taking me to the hospital). I spend three days in the hotel room without leaving it because I felt so sick and unable to stay on my legs. We talked to the hotel employee who was responsible for all the guest requests. They denied the fact, that I got the food poisoning from their food (I met two other girls who also ate the omelette I was having and got sick). In fact, I believe that the hotel gets some kind of fee from the hospital for calling them and using a helpless situation to get money from tourists. After all I would not recommend this hotel. The food is really bad. They use up the food that stayed for days. The coffee tastes like water and the rooms are dirty. If you have any sort of problem, you don’t even need to expect any help from the employees. Don’t waste your money on this one.

125. Yorum: A really big hotel and has many pools including an indoor pool(heated). If there is a lot of people, and you want quietness, you can always get out of the way, avoiding the crowd. There is a big variety of food(all inclusive), even though the quality is not at its best, you can always find something you like. The room was very quiet and you can sleep very well. The staffs are very friendly. I will go again.

126. Yorum: A fantastic hotel complex. We have stayed in many hotels, but Delphin Imperial Lara-Antalya is the best we have ever had. 5 pools, just a few steps to the beach, breakfast, lunch and dinner outside on the terrace at the fresh air or in the air-conditioned interiors. Drinks are brought to the pools and you are always asked what you would like. Great view from the balcony of the pools and the sea. Every evening shows on the stage outside and everything is beautifully lit. The romantic illuminated pier, drinks and music in the evening is a must-see. The many guests are well distributed over the large area. Also very suitable for families with a mini club during the day and also in the evening. The staff is very courteous and always ready. Everything sparkling clean. Our expectations were exceeded! A big thank to Ahmed Elmaroumy and Bahar Gogercin for the support regarding the room reservation in the chat, Seher Benet for the professional check-in, to Lokman for his friendliness and the provision of deckchairs as desired, to Michael for the great and funny animation. We will miss everything. Until next time!

127. Yorum: We just getting back from this hotel, what an amazing experience again here, the staff went out there way for us, All staff were superb and helpful, would highly recommend and can’t wait to return.

128. Yorum: We visited Delphine last month and absolutely had a great timer, resort staff is very kind and helpful.
We received a surprise gift too on my husband's  birthday. Overall had a great time just watermelon, cashew nuts and indian food was missing part as I'm big found of this food and

129. Yorum: We just spent 3 nights with family and absolutely loved it.

We were upgraded to a deluxe room with a jacuzzi, so that was amazing

My only suggestion would be if there was a prayer facility for guests, then that would be perfect

But we had an amazing time, so thank you, Delphin Imperial

130. Yorum: Have you not booked your holiday yet?
When you come to holiday you can contact me about Trips

131. Yorum: I had spent 7 days in this hotel and completly was amazing and I totally recommended this hotel. The stauffs was wonderful and friendly. The hotel was completly clean and new. But just some tips to improve information :
The variety of food was wonderful but after 2 or 3 days all of them are getting repeated and it was boring. If you go for your meal in the second half of specific time you probably loose many of your choices.
About snacks when we were there just one day was rained and after that we have not seen yard's snack any more even in the building (The next days was sunny)
The indoor pool temprature was kinda cold for this session but about outdoor pool the temprature was great.
Totally, I definitley recommend this hotel to everyone. It makes you satisfied.

132. Yorum: I have travelled extensively around the world and stayed at some beautiful 5 star hotels. The Delphin Imperial is my favourite hotel in Turkey and one of my world favourites. This hotel is amazing. The staff go the extra mile and are so friendly and attentive and nothing is a bother to them. The cleanliness is impeccable and the food is outstanding. So much food on offer you would always find something you want. The pier is a great place to lay down your weary head and soak up the sun while feeling the light breeze of the med.
I would recommend this Hotel to everyone and I'm sure i will be back for my third visit. In fact I plan to go at least once a year.

133. Yorum: Fantastic hotel that caters for all kids ages. The playground area has about 6 rides and the bumper cars are the best! If its not busy, they let you habe numerous turns!

Food has been very fresh and again caters for all backgrounds. Cannot fault the service..its impecible! Would highly recommend this hotel!

134. Yorum: I am baffled.
emailed this hotel what vegan options they have. After ignoring my email I sent them another email yesterday.
I just got an answer...
there is NO VEGAN food in this hotel. so they also refuse to take into account someone's diet.
really unbelievable.
I don't think they even know what vegan is...
such an expensive hotel that REFUSES to take into account their customers

135. Yorum: The most magical holiday in the world!! The staff were out of this world!! I wish I stayed longer. A great time, good food lovely hotel.

136. Yorum: Had an amazing experience, first ever all-inclusive hotel and it was just incredible. All the staff were very efficient, helpful and polite. My wife lost her ring during the stay within the hotel and staff looked endlessly for it and managed to find it and return it to us. We couldn't be more grateful! Highly recommended and will definitely visit again

137. Yorum: We just came back from a weeks stay at the delphin imperial, i already want to go back!

The most beautiful hotel full of anything and everything you could need, rooms are spotless and great size.

Most of all we’d like to send a massive thank you to beeka from the animations team, he made our holiday even better and has become a great friend who we will continue to go back and see! He is such an asset to the hotel and amazing at what he does.

Thank you for the perfect week, can’t wait to visit again x

138. Yorum: We stayed at the delphin Palace 6 years ago and decided to book delphin imperial over the land of legends in January 2022. Due to covid delayed travelling.

We arrived on the 26th August 2022 late night.
We booked 3 rooms together. as we were a family with young children, unfortunately our request was not met. We were scattered over 2 floors, after speaking to staff at reception we were told to return the next day to see if any rooms were available together. The next day the receptionist told us no rooms available together - after explaining our situation ( children were scared to sleep far from us ) she managed to put 2 rooms few doors apart.  We had no choice but to go with what was available to use , even though we put our request in, in January 2022. The rooms given the 1st night were suitable for 3 guest not for 4 what we paid for. We paid extra for side sea view, which was a poor view in 2 of our 3 rooms we booked.

The hotel toilets smell of strong urine smell on the B floor.

The staff are burnt out over working and do not speak English. Only 5% of staff actually spoke in English during our stay.

The food is OK, mostly processed. Salad sometimes taste bitter, maybe not washed well. There is always a good supply of food and drink at the hotel.  Be careful when using the tong to pick food, you can easily burn your hand on lower heat light area.  The tongs to pick food are sticky at times.

My husband became sick after 3 days in the hotel and spent 5 days in the room with a bad tummy. Doctor's advised it was due to uncooked food, possibly fish or poor sanitation from the pool.
I did take this up with the hotel, but they denied any fault on their end. The lack of English speaking staff didn't make the communication proccess easy in the end our concern raised where put on the back burner.
The nurse was lovely but didn't speak English and sent my husband to a hospital, that the hotel have a contract with; you are limited to use any other hospitals nearby. Be prepared to pay a massive fee for medical expenses. We had travel insurance, but the hospital expect money upfront before any treatment.

After speaking to reception staff about my husband's health they did leave hand gels in rooms, which we were already using.

The hotel was very busy, entertainment is extremely noisy.  Children did like the speakers blasting in their ears, so we didn't really sat in to watch any of entertainment shows. The day time activities are boring.

The rooms at times were not left with towels and fridges not always filled properly daily. We had to request top ups.

The hotel stinks of cigarette smell and there are no designated areas for smokers, you see people smoking in front of young children and walking to rooms you can smell the heavy smells of cigarettes.

Overall, the hotel staff are friendly and do work hard. I will not be returning to the delphin hotel again.

Please be aware of the tour company Koral. The tour guide is elderly conman. He will take you to place not listed in the package and make commission from your purchase. You cannot bargain for goods, as the tour guide makes money from your purchase. Book with reputable companies. Koral use companies that don't maintain they quad buggies well and put lives at risk. The buggy I was in with my children - the wheel almost fell off while riding up a rocky mountain. The tour company koral is not linked to the hotel and a third party company sent through your hotel booking company.

139. Yorum: The worst ever experience in my whole life.
I reserved this hotel for me and my family but since my family is coming from Iran, the hotel forced us to pay 3800 euro more just due to their nationality. That is unbelievable, and pure scamming. The reception behaviour was rude and they said pay or leave, while we have already paid 4000 euro. WILL NEVER TRY AGAIN THIS HOTEL

140. Yorum: WATCH OUT WHEN BOOKING A "FULLY FLEXIBLE RATE" AS IT IS ANYTHING BUT FLEXIBLE
I booked a "fully flexible rate" back in January 2022 for a holiday in late July 2022 with my Wife & some friends.
Unfortunately work commitments meant that I needed to reduce my stay from 10 days down to 5-6 days (arriving 4-5 days later). As I'd allowed for this flexibility when I booked, I didn't think I'd have an issue as this is something I've had to do on plenty of occasions and the flexible booking allows for this.

Well maybe the translation of the Turkish word for flexible doesn't exactly translate because making changes to the booking has the same affect on the price as cancelling the reservation and making a brand new reservation now, without any early booking discounts at all. This is not something I have ever encountered and am wondering if this has always been the hotel policy or is this just another example of post-covid greedy exploitation to try and make up for money lost in 20/21 😡.
Anyway, to cut a long story short my original rate was around £280 a night. The hotel now want in excess of £450 a night if I arrive later than planned. These are really nefarious practices, have left a really sour taste in my mouth and certainly made me question whether I'm willing to spend a single penny at this hotel.
This is not something any reputable brand would ever practice.

I now have a choice of either paying over 60% extra per night for my room or just cancelling this long awaited holiday with friends altogether. For that money I could certainly go somewhere nicer than this hotel.

Edit: I've just read some of the 1* reviews and there are lots of them mentioning unexpected overcharging and money-grabbing. I'm definitely leaning towards cancelling the reservation altogether.
Edit 2: I'm glad to see the hotel has responded to my post, confirming my claims that the awful hotel policies that I have detailed are in fact valid. After reading some of these reviews I'll actually be relieved if I don't end up visiting. I mean, what sort of a hotel charges people different rates depending on what passport they hold? Not sure if it's for racist reasons or just simple mindless discrimination?

141. Yorum: from the accommodation, the spacious and clean big room, the diversified menu and for all tastes, all the cleaning staff, the very nice and attentive food service and the chefs.  I had an evening at the a la carte restaurant at Helen Restaurant, the chef and waiter were very attentive and high class menu and also serving Loukam or something like that the name I'm sorry if I didn't remember his name correctly.  If I have anything to complain about, the towels I received for the beach were sometimes dirty and even broken ... otherwise everything was wonderful, I spent a dream vacation ..

142. Yorum: Well it was my first experience from london to Antalya in Delphin Imperial. Right from the customer service to food from everyday activities to dj night to cinema to kids activities to hamam and spa things one of the best resort i ever seen. They had everything in this resort. They have their private saloon,spa shopping stores, hot indoor and outdoor pools private beach everyday musical nights/cultural shows everything in the same place what more we want. They have bowling/snooker place for adults and kids gaming zone too. They had 24/7 restaurants and bar open so if you are like me who love clubbing and coming late they had their restaurants open and if you are a premium customer like me u get room services and bar anytime and wherever u r sitting either its lounge area/spa or wherever you are. Their room services are excellent i stayed for a wk in this resort really it was an amazing experience right from the cleanliness to food and dessert options. One major point they lack is they dont speak english only one or two from reception they understand us well so if you speak english you have to speak slowly so that they can catch us lol but overall the staff is really really so good that they are always there to help you right from the dine area to the bar. I would defo love to go in summer and would love to visit this amazing resort again. If you are planning for antalya trip book for this resort and you wont regret. They need to work on the menus where it should say vegetarian so people like me who never eat meat is easy for us to eat any stuff wd d sign like VE/V. Also there is one tourist guide outside their resort for a walk of 5mints who was really helpful and you can book your local antalya day trips from him and can explore the whole city of Antalya. Ps: if you are tourist please dont forget to bargain with them you can get in cheaper price and can save your money lol. Dont rent a car from the resort you can book uber to save more money😉 lastly never miss the chance of hamam and massage dont book in this resort try to book from the tourist guide he ll give u the best cheaper deals. One must visit this resort if you really wanna relax from your work life. Its really good must visit this resort if you want less crowd visit in december end or in the mid if you like more chaos visit during summer time. Ps: if you are retired or someone who wanna visit for relaxation plan on jan or feb its really cheap inclusive flights from london for a wk approx 180-190quid😂 best deals can get from love holidays must book from here keep an eye they have the best deals😍 would give 9.5/10.

143. Yorum: Delphin Imperial: Pure Paradise!
Attentive staff, endless food options, and facilities fit for royalty. We can't wait to return in season and experience it all! ☀️ ️  #DelphinImperialMagic

144. Yorum: Thank you for making my birthday special today best resort ever on here is smiling and helpful the pool is perfect and the food is amazing with many choices , thank you again and sure am going to miss you ❤️‍🔥 when am going to leave tomorrow

145. Yorum: We stayed at Delphin Imperial this July for our usual annual summer Antalya holiday - a family of 2 adults and 2 children.
The Positives -
1.	The HOTEL is as lovely as we imagined it would be.

2.	The FOOD HALL/RESTAURANT – the main food hall is large, and the selection is very wide.

3.	The AIR CONDITION – in other hotels often have the centralised systems which tend to switch off, have a minimum setting that only goes down to 18c or they are so old, they break down. At DI, the larger room we stayed in was nice and chilled, but the kids’ room was less. The air con switches are not digital, so we don’t know if the level was as low as 16c (which I think it was for one room, but probably only 18c for the kids’ room – which is fine as we don’t want it to be too cold for them). The lobby area was nicely chilled and unlike one of the hotels (Sherwood) we stayed in previously they do not appear to switch the air con off in the many areas in the lobby (no matter how sparsely occupied). The main restaurant area was not as cool as it could be, so we always tried to take a table in the ‘corridor’ section which was coolest.
But importantly we did not have to report anything, the AC worked all day/night and that is a massive positive.

4.	The STAFF – were absolutely brilliant. From the friendly greeting at the reception when we arrived, to the day we left – the staff could not be nicer.
We struck a special rapport with a few of the staff in the restaurant area who were always very nice, and I must drop a few names - AHMET GEEZER (such a lovely chap, big smile every day and a warm friendly greeting – he even would look out for us in the outdoor restaurant at lunch time. Also, RAMAZAN AMAG as well as a few others whose names I did not take down but will remember their friendly service. The entertainment staff were also brilliant MR POKERFACE – was a great chap and every evening would introduce the shows on stage with great enthusiasm - but he also would do the same at the pool.
The other very nice chap is the gentleman who pulls all the sunbeds around all day – what a nice man. The cleaning staff in all areas were excellent and the chambermaids – all so nice.
There were so many people working in all areas, which was nice to see as it is the reason why everything ran like clockwork.
Cleanliness and hygiene are a big thing and at DI they really do a great job here. The other thing is that ALL the staff we came across not only were friendly and warm but had a very positive energy – which is a very important component. The happy energy of the staff everywhere was a massive plus point.

A few negatives –

5.	The FAMILY ROOM was lovely, and the beds are perfectly nice BUT the PILLOWS are too small and terribly lumpy. We had a King Size bed, and the pillows were simply too small in width and as I say lumpy. The duvet was too small and even though we had two duvet and a third as a spare, every day, after the chambermaids had made the bed, I would remake it and spread the three duvets to give full coverage to the bed.
This is a massive misstep as it does not reflect the general standard of the hotel.
We stayed at Constantinou Bros hotel in Paphos last year – and they have nailed it.

6.	The TOWELS were always very tough and should be soft and fluffy..

7.	The SPA was nice – but we were a little disappointed with the overly pushy male presence there. The price was much higher than the others we have visited and even that would have been acceptable, if the service was exceptional. Sad to say, we only used it once and felt disappointed – which is a shame.

That is it.

Overall, a very nice stay at the lovely DI and we  may come back again. We generally say we want to try a new place every year – but for the first time, we do feel that we may return to DI, as overall it is pretty much the best one we have stayed at. For the much higher price at DI, the quality in ALL areas needs to be reflected and be consistent.

Thank you to ALL the staff at DI.

146. Yorum: I love this hotel very much. It is the best. I say the biggest thanks to the young man Hysein who serves cocktails by the pool. The service is perfect. The cleanliness is perfect. The internet is improved. delicious food and good drinks. I recommend.I love this hotel.

147. Yorum: We came as a group of 24 persons (family & friends) and I can say that overall I am very disappointed.  1. Food: you will find here the cheapest and unhealthy food - we were all stomack seak (indigesty, vomited, diareea etc)  2. Rooms : the rooms are spacy and pretty good equipped. 3. Family friendly : even if apparently is a family friendly hotel you find a lot of problems, the food is horrible for children, the water in the pools is almost toxic (all the children - no 6 - made dermatite - and if you want to go to the medical cabinet the doctor is present only on call and it will cost you 150 euro the consultation.) ; when I went to the client help office I was told that maybe the children are sensitive... Noise : it is impossible to sleap during the day, the noise made by the trash collectors and cleaning ladyes is infernal, also during the night there is a lot of noise from other hotels. The activities for children are ok. 4. Drinks & Bars : for a all inclusive hotel, you find at some bars Chivas 12 y, Jack, absolut some acceptable wine & prosecco. Plus the staff is very nice and they serve you without limits. 5. Night life - a night club & a bar - good.

148. Yorum: I loved it! Went there in the beginning of April 2019. The season just opened then. It was very affordable, for the following weeks the prices went up significantly. Food, drinks, heated pools, saunas, service were superb. Though if booking the cheapest room the view will be not so good. We had to pay 175 euro at the reception to change the room from standard to junior suit. The people at the reception were a bit shady about the price, we tried to negotiate the price and it was marked down for us a bit. Another thing is that in April people don't travel with children so much so the hotel was very peaceful.

149. Yorum: I visited with my family in off-season, in March. À la carte restaurants are really terrible. Other than this, the beach, location of the hotel and people who work here are really good and friendly. Food are generally good.

150. Yorum: Everything was super!! We used private transfer for hotel&airport and airport&hotel. It was amazing too. All foods and drinks were high Quality. I highly recommend the private transfer. They have free internet on the cars. Everything was on time. For contact; +90507 687 7275.

151. Yorum: Spent a great week at the Imperial. Everyone was really helpful. Minimal Corona limitations ( masks in the restaurant and no self service). Went to 2 a la Carte Restaurants, the Sushi was very good. A varied menu in the buffet restaurants. Probably the best food we've had in Turkey, been in 15 different hotels over the years. We had a minor complaint regarding the sunbeds at the pool which was dealt with effectively by guest relations.

Thanks to all the staff for a lovely holiday. Next year we'll be at the Delphin Be Grand, can't wait.

152. Yorum: Very good hotel services. Anything you wish, any guest is treated like a pascha. I came in mid late May, already hot at 28degrees Celsius, with hotel occupied at about 15-20%. Family apartments (2rooms) comfy and clean, daily cleaning. Food far away at this period from ordinary extravagance and waste but sufficient and varied for our taste. One minus for evening shows, which I assess lack sufficient appeal. This is my recommendation for improvement to the hotel management.

153. Yorum: I would love to give this 5 stars, because we had a really good time. I must say, the hotel is by far the most aesthetically beautiful hotel in the Lara strip and is huge, far bigger than the Titanic and the Concorde. Green, white and gold, this hotel is stunning; classy colours for a classy hotel. We stayed for 7 nights in the end of February 2022, and opted for a side sea view room. The view was really nice, but for me, my wife and my 2 children, the room was quite small and compact. The mini bar was replenished daily, the rooms were cleaned daily, and I was impressed with the quality of the toiletries and the care and attention of how they were packaged in this pandemic.

The food was lovely, if a tad repetitive, and although there was a huge variety, the food was mostly Turkish, which isn't a bad thing, and I know it's Turkey, but it wouldn't hurt to have some better continental options. The A la'Carte options were hit and miss, with the Chinese being good and the Italian being woeful. We would have gone to the others restaurants, but it was hard waking up early to book it by 8am, as they would be fully booked within minutes.

The hotel had an outdoor heated pool which was really good. With it being the winter concept, many things were closed, such as the slides and the other pools and kids aquapark. The lunapark was also closed, even though I felt it wouldn't have hurt to open for even an 1 hour a day, as there wasn't much facilities for children, but the rides were all closed. There were some food stalls open when the weather was nice, which was really good, such as chicken donner, toasties, french fries, nuggets, coffee and hot drinks. There was also pizza and waffles available outside which was really cool.

The kids club was closed, as the outdoor club just housed lots of chairs, and they made an indoor kids club, which was a very small room, with no windows, which my children found too hot. There was a cinema and an entertainment centre, but you had to pay a lot for ps5, or some snooker/pool, bowling etc. Not that I minded, but it all added up. My kids just went swimming, indoors and outdoors, but if they didn't swim, there wouldn't be much to do.

The vibe of the hotel was really good though, and I say this having stayed in other hotels in the Antalya region. The lobby area was huge, with lots of seating, drinks, a patisserie bar with ice cream, a chocolate bar, places to just chill and play games. The drinks were okay, but the snacks could definitely be improved. They had evening entertainment which was really good, and even had live music every night. The spa area was really good too, with steam room, saunas and hammam.

I would return, because although there was work going on which disrupted the calm, i can imagine summertime would be really cool here, but it was so busy in the winter time, i don't think there would be any space in the hotel in the Peak summer time. Smiles. A great hotel, with good food, but can be improved.

154. Yorum: Absoutley disgusting behaviour by staff! Stole from the room was proven they stole from room and then because they didn't like they had been caught they assaulted my husband and my 13 yr old child grabbing my child by the throat all on my other sons birthday I would not recommend anyone to book here!!!! The rooms were adequate but not what would be classed as the luxury you describe. Food is mediocre again not what you expect from luxury. I have been coming to turkey for years but this has completely changed my opinion and I will not be returning!

155. Yorum: Definitely would give this hotel 5 out of 5 . İ have been to many resorts into turkey. dubai . Palestine Jordan saudia Arabia. Qatar . Mekanos Greece . İ have find Delphine imperial is monster. All the the employees are professional and special thanks to Omar the gym trainer . And Eilef the lady works in the towels . Plus special thanks goes to şevki the supervisor for waiters.and also nahita from the guest relations helps me for my daughter birthday  Any way would definitely come back

156. Yorum: Hotel looks splendid and lavish (some will say tacky) from outside as well as the main hall. But rooms and bathrooms are starting to show their age. Most of the staff is very friendly, but few of them can speak good English and large number don't know it at all.

Air conditioning in first room broke, they give me a new room, door lock is broken, 3rd time is the charm.  AC is a bit loud.

Hotel needs renovation as soon as possible.

They do appear to be honestly caring about respecting Covid-19 measures and that is a huge plus.

Beach is quite small, just over 150 meters wide and cut in half by the big bar on the little pier like structure. Water is very nice in the morning and noon but almost every single day in evening there will be wind and waves and water will get murky and it will be difficult to swim. I heard from some guests that most of Antalya region is like that so I cannot blame the hotel for that.

Pools are huge and parts of them will have nice shadows from palms and other  vegetation but pools never get deeper than 140cm so on hot days they become very hot.

Food selection appears enormous at first but not everything is really nice and breakfast and lunch will eventually become boring. For dinner every weekday has a theme so variety is much better. There is a number of beach and pool bars with food and snacks but I didn't eat much at them.

Wine selection looked quite poor or the waiters don't know their wines.

Didn't try the spa, found it to expensive. Single massage costs half of my daily stay, no thank you.

Outside of hotel there is only a single street with some tourist trap shops and all the other hotels. Shops in the neighborhood are mostly cash only where if you don't haggle down to 1/4 of original price you will be fleeced.

From what I've gathered hotel has different rates depending on country you are from, so cost/quality will very based on that.

157. Yorum: Fabulous hotel staff can't do enough for you food in the main restaurant excellent plenty of choices cater for every taste, really look after gusts and even compensate and make special allowances for guests in the restaurant who are disabled.  The pools were always clean and surrounding areas always kept tidy, pool staff very attentive. Entertainment was brilliant much better than majority of other 5☆ hotels we've stayed in. Hotel it's self is huge always some where different in the evening to sit and have a drink or two. Only down side was the beds were like concrete rock hard and very uncomfortable but other than that we'll worth the stay.

158. Yorum: 1st time staying at this particular hotel. Stayed at several other hotels on lara beach stretch.

We were there for 7 days, food is repetitive. We were entitled to 3 al e carte restaurant reservations however they literally make it impossible to book. We didn’t even manage to book 1 let alone 3. Arcade is absolutely extortion on prices as well as the toy shop in the hotel.
No map was given to us - no information on what was available during our stay we literally had the same routine for 7 days and it got boring after 2.
TV’s in the room are smart tv’s with YouTube/Netflix/Prime. This for me was the highlight of my stay - think that pretty much speaks for itself

159. Yorum: It was the last time that I booked Delphin hotels and resorts.

1. They asked me for extra money without any reasonable cause.
2. Very Low-quality barbecue, raw or burnt.
3. Very low cooking quality.
4. Impolite behavior management senior

1.
I booked two rooms in this hotel for two families through a German agency.
One of them came from Iran and another one from Germany.
I was told by the hotel that you cannot book the hotel for your Iranian passengers from an agency in Germany, and you have to pay extra on the check-in date, and I paid 309 euros extra!!
I am confused. None of my friends had the same situation. They told me they had booked many times for their friends and families through Germany and without any problems.

2.
I reported the barbecue problem to management, but nothing happen.

3.
Bad taste and bad cooking.

4.
On Christmas party at the noon, when I tried to talked with senior manager, when he noticed I am not going to admire him, he started to talk with other, that means your voice is not important.

160. Yorum: Hotel itself and the grounds are gorgeous, the staff are so friendly. Can't fault the resort, it caters for all people especially children.

Only tip would be to take your own travel iron as they do not provide them during your stay, you are to use their laundry services which charge per item.

161. Yorum: Amazing hotel with amazing staff.  Felt welcome from the moment we entered the lobby. Room staff were such fun. Looked forward to the different towel art each day. As well as buffet restaurant with extremely tasty food, there were a number of high quality al carte restaurants to choice from.

1st class family orientated hotel. 😁😊

162. Yorum: Just got back yesterday from the Delphin. It was fantastic,  food was great. There was a different theme every night.
Entertainment was suitable for all ages. Also  a kids disco evey night.
Heated indoor and outdoor pools, plenty of eating places outdoors as well.
Definitely will be back.

163. Yorum: We recently stayed at Delphin Imperial from 30th Sept - 10th Oct and we were very impressed as always! We are regular visitors to this stunning hotel. All the staff throughout the hotel were very helpful and friendly however I felt a need to write a review this time round for the sole reason of the Mini club! On our last visit, our daughter Hana was very small, so we didn’t make use of the mini club and evening shows that much, but now that she is a bit older we decided to try it out and we were so happy we did! Hana absolutely loved everything about the mini club, the facilities they offer, the face painting, the different activities planned at different times of the day, the kids shows in the evening, the mini disco every other day but most of all she loved the friendliness of the Mini club staff. She refers to them as her friends, they really went above and beyond to make her feel special (especially on her birthday as they presented her with a surprise on stage!). I can see the amount of effort the Mini club staff put in to make sure the children have the best holiday ever! Hana couldn’t stop talking about them and couldn’t wait meeting them at the end of each day in the evenings when they go on the walk through the restaurant to call children to the Mini Disco/Kids shows. So a massive thank you from Hanas parents and especially Hana to Vlada, Dayana, Masha, Liza, Berfin, Tanya, Tuana & Aydana! You all made her holiday special and one she will never ever forget! Thank you for having us, and hopefully see you soon in the future! Lots of love, hugs and kisses from Hana who misses you all very much!

164. Yorum: We visited this hotel for the first time this month, we stayed from 11th march until 18th March and can honestly say this is by far the best hotel we have EVER stayed in. The facilities are amazing, this hotel offers so much. The food and drink is 5*, the staff are so friendly and pleasant and nothing is too much trouble for anyone. The entertainment team are great, especially Nebi (Jason!!) and Ahmed. I can honestly not say anything negative about our experience here, we are a couple of 2 but have already arranged to visit next March again with another 8 people! Thanks Delphin Imperial for the great holiday 😊

165. Yorum: It's our first time to visit Antalya and we stayed in this resort. Super amazing place!!! Friendly staff and the food is overflowing all through-out the day! how i wish my holiday would not end!

166. Yorum: We stayed there 10 days , Service and food was so good.Hotel was so clean besides that house keepers was working perfectly and every day they cleaned all room very carefully.Our last night they made heart from towels for saying goodbye.Also Waiter Çağrı,Muhammet and Abdullah was very helpful and nice.One day we will turn back to here again
It is not so bad thing but sometimes some staff speaking silly with each other they just need to little bit educate.
I think this hotel will give you so nice holiday
Especially for families with childeren
5 points from scotland 👌🏻

167. Yorum: I am giving this hotel a review of 4/5 overall only due to 1 issue but the guess relation Samira saw to the matter urgently and was very nice.

Hotel Rooms - Excellent
Hotel Presentation - outstanding
Hotel Pool area - Excellent
Hotel Food - Excellent
Hotel Service - Excellent

168. Yorum: 1 stars for location due to taxi scammers perturbing our vacation by refusing to start taximeter when pickingup /dropping to this hotel! Hotel is nice, but due to execrable  taxi service in that area we will not visit again. There is a lady called" taxi chef ", so it doesn't metter if you are on a rush going somewhere, the taxi driver will stop to this lady for making you the price, usually 4-5 times more than it worth!

169. Yorum: Couldn’t have a. Decent meal .breakfast lunch Dinner the food was catered for Germans on the third day of our stay three of our family had diarrhoea  the  so called boiled eggs were runny not cooked and one morning were taken off all together.. Also I’m asthmatic and one day found a card on my hotel door to say they were spraying my room I had to go to reception to cancel  as I could have had a reaction. (Not happy)   Also on my return had to see a doctor as I had a bacteria infection on medication. Spent one week of my Two week stay in my room.due to being unwell

170. Yorum: Perfect place to go path direct to beach perfect I'm still here till 21st definitely come again got everything you need specially all inclusive package

171. Yorum: Really good all inclusive hotel in Lara beach. Maybe the best one.
Food is delicious. Especially the original Turkish dishes.
The house keeping do a really good job. The rooms are clean and the service personal are very friendly.
I can recommend the barista bar outside, the espresso is really good.

172. Yorum: Ist time in Antalya
We booked this hotel for February as it was only £1400 for 7 nights for 3 of us all inclusive plus.
It was fantastic
The lobby you can just sit there for hours watch the world go by.
Free drinks and lots of treats available.
The service was 1st class really outstanding and I've been to Atlantis the Palm and Jumeira Beech hotel.
Value for money its second to none.
The main restaurant was brilliant as well as the rooms.
I will definitely be going back here.

173. Yorum: Delphin Imperial is the biggest high-class hotel in Lara. The personal is extremely polite and friendly—it’s on a completely different level so you can’t compare it to any other hotel at all.

The experience during COVID times was superb (April 2021). High food quality, one of the best beaches you can get at all, fantastic weather.
Probably I have only utilized 10% of the possibilities to eat and drink 24x7.

My only criticism is the animation folks shouting “mini disco time” through the restaurant. A softer voice would make it more appealing to the audience.

It’s a great place you would go back again like many others do.

@Delphin team: whatever you do to motivate your team mates, please continue. It makes a huge difference.

174. Yorum: The food was terrible. Everyday the same and nothing tasty. Food for kids was also very very limited and everyday the same: spaghetti and mash patato. I dont think this hotel is worth the money we spend.. the kids club on the other hand was very nice, the animation team do their best for the children and are very kind. Overal experience was OK nothing amazing but ok.

175. Yorum: Hotel is fabulous. Very high standard and staff is great. In particular Ronaldo from the buffet restaurant and also Ramazan from the Mexican. Very attentive to the customers. Could not do enough for us so thank you very much.

176. Yorum: Very attentive service in the Restaurantsand bars and all the staff are friendly. Good food and desserts! The buildings may not be the 5 star newest but they are clean and follow the Covid rules. Just some guests here don’t want to wear masks which can be dangerous.

177. Yorum: My friend's family went down to this hotel this week
They booked through the hotel's website.
They paid through the credit card for three rooms 8100 euros.
Once they arrived at the hotel they were asked to add another $ 2,000.
Who asked them why we should add another $ 2,000 said at first there were no European citizens.
It is important to note that my friend who booked the rooms is European.
After inquiring on their website it does not appear that there is any promotion or benefit for customers living in Europe.
After clarifying with the management, they changed their minds and said we take money because there is a difference in the price of converting money from euros to dollars.
It is important to note that they entered to order from their site and the site showed us the prices in euros.
Even if you have to charge a conversion fee it should not be $ 2000
And I do not have to pay for this conversion you show on your site the amount in euros is not my problem.
I'm asking for the money back
It is also important to note that they do not give service and do not want to talk to you always say do not understand you
I sent a reporter all the email addresses of the hotel three days ago and to this day no one has answered

178. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, frienly staff, professional service. Children lovers. %100 we come back. Thanks for everything.

