1. Yorum: Lovely hotel. Rooms are cleaned well and we found the food to be lovely.  Lots of variety.  The hotel is on a steep hill and there is regular transport to the beach. But not to the shops.   We walked down the hill and then got a taxi back …

2. Yorum: Great hotel! Definitely we will come back here. Clean rooms, great food, spectacular view and nice atmosphere.
The minus point was the reception staff, not very helpful. We get there at 7am, and we received the room about 15:30. We didn't received any hotel presentation like time for dinner/lunch/breakfast, no information about what we have in the hotel, no cards for pool towels since next day, when we went sent back to reception to bring our cards to pick up our towels...no communication at all with the reception staff, the said just to wait for our room. The reception staff needs to be more friendly, because this is our first 'impact' with the hotel! And I was disappointed that, the management staff from reception, doesn’t speak English.
Apart from that, everything was great. We planning to come back again, just because the hotel, the food and the view was great!

3. Yorum: I don't often write reviews on Tripadvisor, as I already work for a travel magazine and review on there, but I felt it important to give an honest review on here as we were all very disappointed and misled by the description of this hotel. …

4. Yorum: This is the best hotel we have been so far. Food is delicious, staff great, drinks open all the time. Many thanks to Malibu, Ali,  and all the staff from pool bar especially and from each bar and restaurant. |Animation was wonderful, many …

5. Yorum: Lovely hotel food is very nice |Staff are friendly |Cansu From guest relations, very friendly with a very happy 😺 |Wiew is good and the beach is very nice as well. Cleaning is very good. Our room is nice so we like it. Building is nice too. Pool is nice as well. So everything is nice but we couldn't find something in the night. …

6. Yorum: It was one of our best trips ever! I personally haven't had such a good experience with a seaside vacation in forever.

The hotel itself is absolutely stunning, I loved its appearance. The staff was so helpful and always ready when you needed something. The drinks at the bar and on the actual beach were amazing as well.

The rooms were very clean and if we ever had an inconvenience, the cleaning ladies fixed it in no time.

The food was also amazing! Although our cultures are different and the style of cooking as well, I think it's impossible not to find something you like. The cooking staff was also preparing some of our food right there so we can see it was fresh.

The beach...what can I say? There was a car always ready to drive us there and no matter the hour you could always find sunbeds. The baristas were also very fun to talk to. They never ran out of anything we wanted. The sea itself was so warm as well.

All in all, we (me and my family) definitely recommend this hotel and my only complain is that the vacation wasn't longer!

7. Yorum: Myself and my missus have really been looking forward for our stay in Litore. We had multiple friends who had stayed in the passed and loved it. They told us to ask for mehmet kaplan [reception] unfortunately when we arrived we couldn’t …

8. Yorum: Had a great holiday with my family here at Litore! Everyday was filled with activities and fun shows. The animation team is amazing :)||The food of the resort was fantastic, i especially enjoyed the Turkish night! Dont miss out on that …

9. Yorum: The hotel itself is excellent, with great facilities and a comfortable atmosphere. However, we had issues with the elevator almost every day, which is quite inconvenient for an 8-story building. This was particularly challenging for us, as we were traveling with a baby and had to carry the stroller up and down the stairs. While the rest of the stay was pleasant, this problem with the elevator definitely needs attention.

10. Yorum: My family and I visited Turkey this month for a holiday and stayed at the Litore Resort Hotel and Spa. While the hotel itself was beautiful and had all the necessary facilities, our experience was completely ruined by the rude and arrogant behavior of the staff.

We chose Turkey as our destination, believing it would be a safe and welcoming place for us as Muslims. However, we were made to feel like outsiders in what should have been a familiar environment. We encountered several issues during our stay, and when we went to the reception to complain, the staff ignored us and left us standing in a corner, completely disregarding our concerns.

I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. If you speak Turkish or Russian, you might be fine, as these seem to be the only languages the staff prioritize. They spoke among themselves in these languages and favored guests who could do the same. Unfortunately, 99% of the staff had very poor English skills, which made it nearly impossible to communicate effectively.

Our experience at the bar was equally disappointing. Whenever we asked for a drink, the staff would not smile at us. However, non-Muslim guests were served with a smile and treated with much more respect. We often received hostile looks, making us feel unwelcome and uncomfortable.

The most distressing part of our stay occurred when one of the guests pulled out a knife towards my husband. Although four staff members held the aggressor back, they did nothing to ensure our safety afterward. We requested that the police be called, but the staff pretended to make the call and then ignored us for the rest of the day. We were left feeling unsafe and completely abandoned by the hotel staff.

If I could rate this hotel below one star, I would. The way we were treated was unacceptable, and I would urge anyone considering this hotel to stay elsewhere, especially if you expect basic respect and safety as a guest.

11. Yorum: We were here as a couple, we enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel is great overall, the staff are polite, the rooms and the pool area were always clean. The animation team were very friendly and the activities and games were fun. Shout out to ANTONIO - the head of animation and Polina - they were very friendly and kind to us. Thanks to Emrah from the restaurant team - the best server, great attitude and professional at his work.

12. Yorum: The hotel is very good ،  so clean also,it has very good service and the restaurant has a big buffet and delicious food. The pool is good and the beach is so nice.  The must thing I like is spa and Ms Gizem is so helpful ,kind and sweet . She received us and helped us.  She speaks  English and Arabic and Turkish. We spent very good days in this hotel,

13. Yorum: The hotel; rooms, restaurants, bars and events were absolutely amazing. Everything you could possibly need, you could find there. The staff was welcoming and warm, apart from one member of the spa staff. We had accidentally went into a “vip section” in which we were allegedly not supposed to be. No one had told us and there was no signs. We hadn’t done anything, and this member came to us screaming at us and offending us by saying things like “is this how you act in your home country”. I was so baffled i couldn’t even say anything back to him. It was such a shame because my day was ruined by him. Everyone else, and everything else however was perfect i would definitely go again

14. Yorum: The hotel is simply worth it! Cleanliness is maintained every day, there is internet not only in the hotel, but also on the beach. The food is rich and very tasty. The staff are always cheerful and ready to help. The rooms are comfortable. It's just a unique place to rest..! We are very satisfied and highly recommend... Thank you for everything Litore team..!

15. Yorum: We came from bulgaria and hotel was amazing everything was perfect food, cleaning, personel. Guest relation cansu thank you for everything she is so sweet you should meet her if you are planing to go to hotel. And thank you for everything it was such a perfect time.

16. Yorum: I liked the hotel, the rooms are good, the beach is beautiful, the sea is clean. The rooms are cleaned every day, the food is good, the service is also good. I would like to express special gratitude to the waiter named Emrah! The best waiter in this hotel, he is positive, good-natured, works quickly and efficiently, and is a professional in his field. Overall, I liked the hotel, beautiful and well-kept area.
This hotel will be good for both adults and children.

17. Yorum: We are now staying in this hotel and we like hotel so much. Pool, beach, personels are perfect we are coming from bulgaria and we really like everything especially guest relation Cansu, she was very kind and friendly we really like it. So thank you litore family for everything.

18. Yorum: This is a great resort. The rooms are very clean. The food is excellent, there is a grat variety to choose from and the main restaurant is very big so it's never too crowded. The beach has a blue flag and the water is very clear. The staff is super friendly and most of them speak English.

19. Yorum: What a brilliant way to finish our holiday, 5 days of relaxation and sun soaked. Litore is top class in all aspect. They got everything you need for a family in one property. The reception team is very warm and helpful, Fyzal & Mehemet looked after our rooms and we got a pool/sea view rooms.
Massive variety of food you can choose, at any given time of the day you can find something to eat with plenty of fruits and desert options.
They have an in house Doctor, market place and a beautiful spa, Atai was kind enough to offer a deal and was very relaxing.
Kids loved the pool, the water slides and the activities around the pool. A massive bar right beside the pool from 10 till midnight, no big queues, good range of cocktails and the bartenders are very jovial. Ali at the  lobby bar who is pleasant and a super guy who is wonderful to interact.
Evening entertainment a theatre for live performance, pool party, disco and many other things.
Another highlight is the Beach, a one min tractor ride will take you straight to the beach to enjoy the warm Mediterranean Sea.
We loved every bit of it and we highly recommend this resort hotel. Thanks Litore team for giving us this wonderful experience and we will see you again. Special thanks to ümmü for keeping our rooms always clean.

20. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and lovely staff
Lovely pool with fantastic views out to sea.
The spa services are wonderful, and I enjoyed a massage and haman package(reasonably priced)
Disco in the hotel if you want a late night dance
Beach is down a steep hill, but there is transport...at the beach you will find another bar and food is also available. You are able to rent cabanas if you want extra privacy and comfort
There are even a couple of shops in the hotel or you can venture out and there is shopping  available a few minutes walk away, or grab a taxi to the local bazaar

21. Yorum: I was three years ago in this hotel,so this year i came again and i saw some difference but not in a good way. was animator team better before more action on site, only barmen’s ali and other mate make this hotel alive, Mustafa from hotel …

22. Yorum: Generally the resort is very beautiful from outside
The beach is wonderfull
Personel on the beach  and pool is ok
The food is almost repetitive everyday
The  room does not get clean  very well , one day it was not clean at all. The cleaning lady Asked in a nice way for tips since  the first day

23. Yorum: I was at the resort from 9.6. until 28.6.24. It was very warm and enough wind to be pleasent. When my and my wife came we recieved a wonderful greeting at reception and an employee took our luggage from the shuttle and brought it to our room. Selcuk at reception was so nice.
Room: The room we booked was a standard jacuzzi room and we were so so so surprised: it was a beautiful big room with an amazing view. The room was extremly clean and got cleaned every day perfectly. The cleaning lady was so sweet and did an amazing job. The first night we were surprised by a romantic bed decoration. Minibar inclusive. Room service very affordable.
Food: no one will be hungry here, lots of options for everyone, beautiful decoration for Bayram, gluten free options, sea food, meat, restaraunt always clean, workers waiting on tables all the time. Bottled water 24/7.
Pool: big pools clean and beautiful at night. Enough room for ton of guests. Bar at pool, music, a cute lady making gözleme. Loved it.
Entertainment: nice friendly staff. Had the best night of my life when a Michael Jackson impersonater came, there were parties with gogo dancers (very much with taste and not explicit) and many live music and dj, organized parties to go to Alanya (we didnt go we were tired).
Beach: a tractor picks you up and brings to the beach and back, it goes up and down all day long (the driver has ofc meal breaks). Everyone found it so funny to be driving in it, i notices especially kids enjoyed it. Beach was clean, bar very nice and good drinks. Food ice cream and fruit served until 16h, bar until 18h. Last traktor drive at 19h. Enough place for everyone. There is also watersport options, we did jet ski and they made us amazing drone video and photos of our drive. It costed 70€ for 17 minutes.
Spa: lovely options - hamam and sauna gym and so many. We used a couples programme 80€ per person for hamam bath, peeling, bubble bath, massage, face mask (it was all 2 hours). It was an amazing experience.
In the hotel is a market 24/7 open, a doctor, a dentist, a hairdresser (with nails as well), a small boutique for beach wear and many other things. You can take a lunch box per your leaving. The staff came out with us and waved as we left, I felt like at family. I can only recommend it to anyone and I can say that this hotel is the first one that succeeded my expectations.

24. Yorum: First  of all, we were very badly received because the receptionist asked us for 100€ to give us the rooms closely one to another (we had 7 rooms) and because we refused, he gave us the rooms on the ground floor (there are 5 floors in total). I told them at the reception that we don't want the rooms on the ground floor and they told us that there are no more free rooms but if we miraculously give them 100€ they will find a free room on the 2nd floor. Of course all the money we gave him to give us proper rooms, he put it in his own pocket.
On the other hand, we arrived at the hotel at 10:00 a.m. and the rooms were given at 16:00. In addition to this theft, the receptionist named MEHMET verbally abused us and made advances to me and my sister, the whole 7-days we stay whenever he saw us he stopped and stared at us and said something inappropriate, 0 professionalism and thieves!!!  Same with the maids who knocked on our door and stood at the door to give them money, in the last 3 days they have not entered our room because we refused to pay them more. staff is 0, unprofessional and thievery.
i think this receptionist named MEHMET should be fired because he shouldn't make other women feel uncomfortable on their own vacation and of course to beg for money!
The hotel is very nice, it looks very good but the staff did not let us enjoy the hotel. Also the food is very delicious.

25. Yorum: We were visiting in May 2024. The first unpleasant surprise was on arrival as the receptionist Iroda didn't speak English, how is that possible?
Another extremely unpleasant thing - local alcohol is poured into the original bottles and it is claimed that it is the right alcohol. I know exactly what tequila or whiskey tastes like, and it definitely wasn't that. What  fooling of people is this??
The food is extremely monotonous, every day exactly the same things for both lunch and dinner, after a few days you are very tired of it.
Positive things include cleanliness and the kindness of the staff. Everywhere is cleaned well, both inside and outside the rooms. That's where the positives end.
Unfortunately, this hotel cannot be recommended.

26. Yorum: The resort is to good , the beach perfect is everything ok
The service also from the stuff
The ladies who clean the rooms dosen’t clean the room if you don’t give money
The food has not big variation all days is almost the same

27. Yorum: A hotel that deserves all the praise.

Excellent service, comfortable accommodation, delicious food, clean and spacious pool, access to the beach and many activities that will make your vacation an unforgettable experience.

28. Yorum: Horrible experience since the time u enter, the front offic fellow was really really rude and then no one was there to guide you abt the property. Sent the bell boy named Ali with luggage who was equally stubborn till the time you tip him the amount he wants.
We had booked for 4 nights 5 rooms… believe me if they would have not asked  for full payment in advance we would have gone the second day only.
The staff suppose to be from hospitality industry was not at all welcoming, hardly any one would greet u or even smile at u
Now come to the rooms, must say except the view nothing was great with such huge tariff. Quite a basic thing with no aminities in the room ,no sofa to sit in the room although had enough space, no iron no toiletries except for the same hand wash, soap n shampoo from the dispenser, how can one use body wash and shampoo same that also of poor quality.
House keeping also would rate 1 star only
Now the restaurant They give quite a same buffet every day n even the lunch and dinner also seems quite similar. There timings are quite less in main restaurant n believe me I have not seen more rude staff then in this Litore resort. If buffet timings are till 9 for dinner they will not only clear the buffet in 2 mins but if u are eating also they will staring picking up your plates by 9:05. Weather you have had on still eating. N when I literally shouted at the server cat u wait for 5 mins we are eating he standed there only on our heads.
When told him we are going to complain then only he moved. All inclusive doesn’t mean you are not going to respect your guest since you have charged them before and by just serving loads of drinks food that also not so gr8 at all n all the same desserts n fruits were all so repetitive. PLEASE IF YOU WANT TO ENJOY YOUR VACATION PLEASE DONT CONCIDER THIS PROPERT

29. Yorum: The best hotel ever which my wife and me was rest. Now is 2nd day for us and we will be here more 10. Everything is on high level, food is ultra amazin, room and every corner at the hotel is very very clean and beautifull is smell there. Staff are ver kindness and professional. Good beers, good cocktails, everthing is amazing. Very very satisfied!!

30. Yorum: We have reservation and come day before (we are traveling with camper van) ask some information. UNFORTUNETELY reception man was rude not friendly and dont answer to questios.
We just reserved another hotel.

31. Yorum: we had the best time in litore hotel! the staff is amazing and they made our experience x10000000 times better. the animation team was so nice specially elya and gokhan ❤️❤️❤️ we miss you guys already! also halim makes the best white russian cocktails in the world! everything was clean nice and perfect and the staff was so nice and helpful all the time. we had so much fun and I also recommend visiting MIAMI BAR next to the hotel ❤️ where we had a lovely dinner and were able to watch the football (england vs island) on the big screen.
our holiday was amazing and olivia and brandon will definitely be back ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

32. Yorum: Amazing hotel with astonishing wiews ! We want to go on beach everyday ( exept one , when we stayed on pool , that is amazing , but too hot for us ) ! The food is not wow , for a 5 star hotel , but it is ok ! Instead you must try the bar beach , where are some amezing guys , Mustafa , Mehmet and the rest ...( thank you guys for a such amazing hollyday ) ! Be carefull , the sea is very deep when you go in about 4 meters in ! You will have a nice pictures near beach ! The water is so clear and warm ! And , i forgot , you will have a nice transport from hotel to beach ! Is like a tractor with a carriage in back ! This is more fun ! Go to Litore and you will not regret it !

33. Yorum: I'm still at the hotel and only on day 3. We've had to decamp to the beach as the music near the pool is way too loud to read or think. I've read previous reviews and see this has been an ongoing issue but sadly little seems to have changed. The staff, room and food are amazing as is the hotel itself but sadly the loud music lets it down😢

34. Yorum: Litore Hotel is wow wow wow  5 Star resort and brilliantly decorated. We had all inclusive unlimited drinks and food. Very comfortable and luxurious.  The Management and staff are very helpful.

Special Thanks to Dilira (Food Quality Manager) who accommodated with our dietary requirements vegetarian food. Big Credit goes to Guven Chef and fresh bread bakery chef for making the vegetarian spicy food. If you are Vegetarian...PLEASE NOTE: you need to inform them by using Google Translation at breakfast what you want to eat for lunch and dinner so they can accommodate you. That will give them time to gather ingredients and cook. Once again biggest thanks and salute to the chefs.

Big thanks to Salon manager and lady hairdresser I think her name is Naisha who did very good job with hair colouring and highlights.

All the staff and I managed to catch this helpful lady name Meryem served us well with smile. Entertainment team, Muhammad Ali and Ozi the Shisha guy were very friendly and fun to chat with.

35. Yorum: Absolutely amazing place the staff was so friendly and helpful...they kept the guest entertain day and night...

Every staff member was so good...

Food was also very good and delicious

Loved every bit of our stay ❤️

36. Yorum: I enjoyed so much vacation in this hotel. Its very clean, it has delicious food, nice beach and pool,  tasty cocktails, friendly staff! I recommend it!

37. Yorum: Everything was great and next year we are coming again,|Cansu was very sweet employee from guest relation………………………………—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————___________________________________

38. Yorum: Overall hotel is good. It’s clean, got a nice sea view for extra €, or other side into the dry bushes. Big swimming pool, fine equipped gym, nice and relaxing spa area, friendly staff, close to Grand Bazar and is in a good location if you are planning to travel by car. Water fridges everywhere to stay hydrated. Loved it!
Probably worth to mention that this hotel is great for relaxing holidays, not a wild ones with parties. Music shuts down around 11. Pool bar serves drinks until 24, and if you want to continue theres a lobby bar open all night. 😉

39. Yorum: This was great family vacation, with two teenagers, 11 and 14. Animation, entertainment, were great (check all these in the comments and specification), but also not offensive. Staff is great in that, they are here for you, but no pushing.
No need to talk about all inclusive food. It's not to much spicy, so everyone will find something that like. Specially, 'cause several restaurants and patisserie, where always some of it is open between meals. And, yeah, separate part and food line for the small kids. So great!
Hotel is connected with the private beach in the private bay, you even don't need to walk down/up hill, so great!
Beach has it's own restaurant, included, which is great! We were spending so much nice time there, as family.
Hotel has it's own amphitheater, great concerts and shows there.
What to say, a lot of people wasn't there for the first time.

Litore, see you again, soon!

40. Yorum: Beautiful hotel and staff,nothing bad to say really, food v.good with a wide selection to cater for everyone,waiters are v.good to,so on the whole worth a visit

41. Yorum: Absolutely amazing place with beautiful beach and interiors. But the most adorable is the staff working there. 10/10 I do really recommend !!!

42. Yorum: Lovely hotel. Staff are all really nice. Spa massages are incredible and really good value. Heard a lot of people say its the best massage they've had. Multiple people had said they'd been back to this hotel 3 or 4 times since it opened in 2015. Will be looking to go back as its a safe bet. Loved that the hotel had its own area on the beach too so the all inclusive is also on the beach.

43. Yorum: I recommend everyone come to this hotel specially when you going to Turkish spa and hamam I met GIZEM  there she was very helpful and friendly as well she speaks Arabic and English very well 😘😘😘😘😘

44. Yorum: We had a lovely week in this stunning hotel. The facilities are excellent and we survived dining well enough as vegans, plenty of choice. Staff were generally very good, a little slow with seating and drinks at times.
Some confusion over us being charged for the cheap toilet lid breaking when I sat on it on our last night but this matter was amicably resolved. We would come back.

45. Yorum: Clean hotel, overall friendly staff and good service.

The food at the hotel is a pure mass production therefore the quality is lost due to the quantity.
The area is quiet isolated and it felt like cabin fever, however it is ideal if you only want to stay at the hotel.
There is live entertainment every night, and great atmosphere created

46. Yorum: Besides a great vacation place, the people working there are extremely nice and helpful. My mother forgot her wedding rings in 2019 and they kept them safe until now (2023) when i could go and pick them up! Many thanks to the Guest Relations Manager who made this happen:)

47. Yorum: A grand and splendid building with attention to quality service and cleanliness with facilities that go above and beyond in a perfect setting and fabulous beach. I hit the jackpot.
I was a single, older Englishwoman with special dietary requirements which were advised by my tour operator I  advance of my stay. Nonetheless a hard,  small,  plastic wrapped white gluten free loaf was produced on my request the first breakfast time never to be seen again and therefore no gluten free options were available to me. there was salad but nothing much in  the way of warm food that varied much throughout the week of my stay but otherwise all good.

48. Yorum: Absolutely amazing hotel. This was our 3rd time there. The hotel is very clean, staff is friendly. We didn’t have any issues. Different food options everyday, everyone should find something for themselves. Entertainment team this year not as good as in previous years. The girls from the entertainment team didn’t really speak English or show any interest.  Ali, Kemal and Burak managed to keep the entertainment at a good enough level. Evening live shows very good. I would definietly recommend the hotel if you’re looking to have a nice, relaxing holiday.

49. Yorum: Overall nice hotel , good location. It has best part of the beach line allocated to it.
Food could be better if compared to some other places of similar 5start level
kids area is a little dull too

50. Yorum: Rooms are clean and comfortable, spacious enough.
Service is good …need more “english speakers staff“ Wi-fi was terrible first day we arrived , doesnt work and the reception girl said to us wait till tomorrow , in evening reception boy gave us staff code so we finally had wifi on our phones and communucated with our family after 12 h we arrived at hotel.
Beach is full and some days you need to wake up early to get an umbrella or to wait sb to leave. Beach area is beautiful.
Beach toilets need more attention
Truck transport hotel -beach -hotel is very nice.
I think its better to announce evening events at lobby every day
Drinks not too good , very sugary
Food is good and fresh  , you have many options to choose. Dessert very good
Staff is friendly and kind , and kid friendly over all

51. Yorum: The hotel is good the rooms are clean the staff are nice over all everything is good except the food. Every day is the same the deserts are looking great but the taste is really bad. The meet is dry the mashed potatoes is powdered. The ice cream is only 3 models and is only 2 hours available. They ask money for ordinary corn and other basic things. The game room is not free everything is 1 euro. Over all it’s really clean and the staff is friendly but if you want to come for the food don’t because it’s not good. And don’t come if you are under 25 because it’s very boring and there is no activity and the entertainment team sucks. And the aqua park it’s not working all the time like it’s said. And finally the ala cart restaurant was terrible on taste.

52. Yorum: We had a great holiday with our 2 daughters. 2 bed room family room was spacious and always clean. Breakfast was very good with a lot of choices. Live cooking Omelettes, fried eggs etc.. During day and Dinner a lot of buffets at Main Building and Beach. Beach is reachable on your own or via Transfer every 5 minutes. Pool is huge and enough sunbeds around. The kids loved the water tubes.

Staff is friendly on all departments with some Highlights like „Halim“ in the main restaurant.

I can recommend this hotel from Family perspective.

53. Yorum: Lovely hotel in a good location. Has the best food with a buffet, 4 a la carte, afternoon tea, stuffed pitter from a lady by the pool, ice cream and macarons . Great service everyday with our large Latte from Suna the girl in the bakery, she’s a testimony to the hotel.
I suppose the only issue no top shelf branded drinks apart from Smirnoff.
No good whiskey or good gin.

Thanks again Suna for our daily Latte and Firat for looking after us.

You must try the vip experience at the spa. The best ever !!

54. Yorum: Otel is verry nice . Thank you for masage Spa is very nice personel Gizem is every time smile Ilove you thank you

55. Yorum: Love everything! Spa Gizem and Resul are very friendly and welcoming. Emrah is an amazing hairdresser! Totally recommend!

56. Yorum: Myself and my wife had one of our most memorable stays at this beautiful and amazing hotel in September 2023. From the minute we arrived at 3am, we were extremely tired and met Mesut and the bell boy who checked us in, gave us sandwiches as we were hungry and did not eat, they showed us to our room and upgraded me to a jacuzzi room! The breakfasts, lunches and dinners were amazing! We loved having Kadir serve us our drinks!  I really liked talking to the reception guys as they work so hard! Burak was amazing! This guy needs to be a manager at Litore as he is so intelligent to talk to and he smiles and loves working with the guests to make them happy! Burak gave us so much information about Okurcalar, Antalya and Alanya he was like a tour guide you get in Italy! So knowledgeable and knows how to keep his guests safe!  We loved the beach bar and Mehmet who made sure we were always smiling! The lady who made the gozleme was so wonderful too! Everyone of you at Litore made us happy and we miss you and this lovely hotel that I could not stop looking at from the beach, from my balcony and from the street level! There are shops nearby, go down the hill, take a left and there is shops down that road for about a mile long! Go down the hill take a right and you are by the outlet which has a supermarket downstairs and a small bazaar! The hotel spa staff Aya and everyone there was so wonderful! Guest relations lady always smiled and her husband works in the spa who was amazing to talk to! Hairdressers, supermarket man, all of you from every part of the hotel was so lovely! Thank you so much!!!!

57. Yorum: I stayed here for seven nights in May 2022. Great food, good management, non-stop drinks and spacious, comfortable and clean rooms. Mimi and the animation/entertainment team were fun and attentive getting visitors involved in sports and parties. Waiters and bar staff were great too. Definitely a 5* place.

Parties are held a couple of nights a week, for which they will go all out! And they will sometimes put on acrobatic type performances. Huge pool with plenty of sun loungers; you'll get some fantastic photos from there. Spa facilities are available too, with free use of sauna/steam rooms. For such a luxurious hotel the gym was small and basic, could be better. All your needs will be catered for, there's a super market available on site. In addition to the huge buffet, there were on-site restaurants to eat at. Private beach is a 5-minute walkable distance but down a steep hill, there is a cool tractor shuttle available to drop off and pick up. Buffet food and bar available at the beach too.

I cannot recommend this place highly enough. Book, you won't regret it.

58. Yorum: What can I say about this absolutely fantastic hotel? We recently had a ten night stay and honestly cannot wait to return. Everybody from Receptionists, Porters, Cleaners, Bar Staff...Everybody! were amazing, food, drinks, rooms, pools and the beach. I could go on and on. My wife and I are already planning our return. 👍

59. Yorum: For this price amazing service, polite staff, clear rooms. Strongly recommended.

60. Yorum: I am so glad to choose Litore Resort as my hotel for my holiday in Turkey. The Service standards match the grand appearance of the property. So far the only regret I have is not booking a longer holiday. There is a great choice of food in their multiple restaurants. A small selection of shops ranging from toys to apparel. The spa is stunning. A private beach where you can relax and Views to die for. I recommend upgrading to a pool/ sea view room.

61. Yorum: We like this hotel. Every person is so kind . the hotel view is so good. The entertainment team have so much fun. They are always doing activities and Kemal , burak  is so good. They are always crazy. Thank u the entertainment manager for all show and activities . The reception is good. We suggested u this hotel.

62. Yorum: What an amazing hotel.  It is probably the best all inclusive I have ever been to.   The food and drinks are second to none.   The pool area is amazing.   The beach is a short walk down an hill or you can get the tractor.   The staff are amazing and can't do enough for you.   Shout out to the entertainment staff especially (fred).  I would definitely come back.

63. Yorum: The Hotel is excellent.
There are some beautiful social places and main restaurant. The food was good and there was a lot of choice.
The huge pool is clean. Our hotel room (ocean view) was perfect. We saw some beautiful  sunsets from our balcony.
The staff was very kindly and polite.
Every night was an entertaiment (danceshow, party, karaoke…).
The beach was clean, the weather was good and the sea was 28Celsius (in June).

The hotel was very good, but the team is the soul of the hotel ;)

64. Yorum: Food - wide menu, large selection for every taste. Drinks - we were satisfied because we got everything we wanted. Rooms - lots of space, the view through the window is impressive, the balcony is small, but we fit perfectly in the evenings :)
What I especially want to notice and praise is the team of animators. It can be seen that they work to make people happy and to create even better vacation mood. Great parties, program is different for every evening. Many thanks to Mimi, Ibrahim and Mustafa. And a special thank you to their manager Firat. Great and polite bartenders, service staff and everyone we met during those 10 days. Thank you :)

65. Yorum: Back from 2 weeks and loved the place. The staff were super friendly, the food was amazing and so much variety each day.

We went early in the season so the hotel was quiet, the pool mostly empty and cold but refreshing when sun bathing. The view from the infinity part of the pool is amazing looking out to the private beach with bar and toilets. The beach is accessed via a tractor as it is really quite steep.

Staff were great, fun and had a lasting memory on our children.

Spa was nice, but be sure to mention how you want a massage as they can be quite rough and overly friendly compared to a UK masseur. This is the norm and not some 'extra' service 😂

66. Yorum: The service was excellent, especially the service from the team members within the resort, helpful and they would always go the extra mile ensuring our stay was comfortable at all times.

The spa service was superb, it was accommodated for women whom where hijabs, VIP treatment was an awesome experience.

Food was very good, variety of cuisines. A la carte was okay, we only booked the Italian cuisine for one night, depends on everyone's palate when it comes to food, I wasn't very keen on the dishes.

We booked all inclusive, fantastic choices from food, snacks and non alcoholic drinks and ice creams.

Selection of pools, always a nice treat.

I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone whose looking for a relaxing holiday with superb experience from a beautiful weather, not too busy beach which is very close to the resort, a range of activities to do as well.

67. Yorum: The hotel is so good. Hotel view is amazing. I wanna come here again and again. The food, pool, room everything is good. The animation team are so crazy and lovely . For examples Kemal, Ali , burak are so crazy and kind and thanks for everything to entertainment manager mister Samet. Thanks for everything litore.

68. Yorum: Stunning view at the beach and pure water. While swimming I’ve seen a turtle near me once.
The shore, the room and the pool were clean. Have enjoyed every meal there. For the first time have tried Gözleme with cheese at the beach. It’s made just in front of you, hot and brushed with butter. So delicious. 10/10, would recommend.
There were various activities like water polo and water gymnastics, table tennis and so on during the day, and theme parties in the evening.
The staff were polite and friendly, excellent service in general.

69. Yorum: Hi,

I am writing here because I send you a mail but i am not getting any response from your side .

I would like to know about the pricing policy at your esteemed hotel. Specifically, I would like to know if there are any price differences between Turkish citizens and non-Turkish citizens.

Suppose there are indeed any variations in pricing based on citizenship. In that case, I kindly request you provide me with details regarding the differences in rates, terms, and conditions that apply to Turkish citizens versus non-Turkish citizens.

70. Yorum: This is my second time visiting a resort in Turkey. What a nice place to stay. Very friendly personel and they do everything to enjoy your stay. We were here as a big family(7 persons) and enjoyed a lot. The pool and the beach was on a great temperature to swim.

If you are comparing this resort with other resorts STOP and go book this resort before its too late.

P.S. I want to give someone the spotlight: Zilan, thank you for everything. You made us feel really special in this hotel.

71. Yorum: One of the nicest hotels in the area. Really good location, perfect open infinity view swimming pool, nice kitchen. In my opinion this hotel also has the best beach territory. Special thanks to Halim - the best waiter. Also great thanks to Russian speaking animation team.

72. Yorum: This is one of the best hotels I’ve stayed in, and trust me, I traveled a lot in 5* hotels. This is a top hotel, with great services, a good management, great food, beach and staff.
Reception: we arrived earlier than normal check-in time and we were lucky to have our room ready. The receptionist and the bell boy were very kind and nice. We have been upgraded to a superior room with sea view : 1253.
Room: spacious, clean, with all the amenities in the bathroom. A free safe, coffee-tea set-up, a free mini-bar ( we didn’t use it). A nice terrace with a perfect view. The only inconvenient of having a pool/sea view room is that some parties are placed in that area so if you want to sleep earlier than 23:00 you cant to this because of the noise.
The housekeeping cleaning system is amazing, in the room there are two buttons, for “do not disturb” and for “clean my room”.
Cleaning: when we arrived, the room was clean and nice, in one day the housekeeping made some nice models from towels.
Restaurant: when we arrived the hotel was not fully booked but the quality of the food and the amount of the food was the same as in full season. Food is very diverse, high quality, fresh. The baklava is amazing. We also tried fish a la carte restaurant, it was very good, also the waiters were perfect. The only thing is that every a la carte has extra charge meals. It could be better that you put a bigger fee for the a la carte and make all the dishes free.
The waiters in the restaurant terrace could be more attentive. Sometimes we were taking a sit but the table was not cleaned from the previous guests. Sometimes they weren’t asking if we want to drink something, sometimes we didn’t have cutlery so we needed to go and ask them…
Bars: the bar from lobby has many international branded alcoholic drinks. Also the local drinks from the pool bar and beach bar are good. In beach bar I suggest to have more variety of drinks: we asked for a Turkish coffee but they had only in patisserie, we asked for aperol but they didn’t have in beach bar and other cocktails that they could not provide in beach bar.
Entertainment: daily activities very poor, almost every day same activities. We wanted to have riffle shooting but they told us the machine is broken…the evening show were ok, only one professional show but it was nice. There were some parties as well, I suggest to the DJ not to remix every song.
Also we were witness to a fight between an Ukrainian lady and a Russian lady. I will not comment anything political but I will say that the staff reacted very late and security came not in time to stop the fight,
The distance to the beach: there is a tractor going to the beach, in 2 minutes max you are on the beach, the tractor is going so often, we never waited more than 3 minutes.
The beach : Clean, there is a man cleaning all day long the beach, arranging the sunbeds. The entrance in the water is a little bit sudden if you don’t know to swim. For us was perfect.
Overall we had a perfect holiday and I really felt that Litore is a top hotel, offering good quality.

73. Yorum: The room and the check in was okay then the problems began. We were with 1 year old baby and a stroller, one of the elevator on our side of the hotel was not working and the other one was always full, so we had to walk to the other side. There was food but with time limit for example you can take ice cream from 2 to 4 o’clock. The worst was when my baby got sick and they didn’t allow the doctor to enter the hotel not even in the lobby, so he checked her outside the hotel on 100 degrees. There was a nurse in the hotel that didn’t know anything. The staff was rude and didn’t talk English to us but to others they did. The beach was far there was a tractor that took us there, the road was very steap to walk on foot not to mention with stroller. The beach bar and the tractor only worked till 7. Their meals were not coordinated with beach time. There wasn’t mouthwash and the mini bar wasn’t filled everyday/

74. Yorum: There's not much to do in this location.
No night life.
I'm not enough shops in the area.
Andl bars?

75. Yorum: Visited Litore hotel on july 25 till august 01 and this is my review.
Ofcourse firstly about the transport from Tez Tour:
The flight from Vilnius was in the morning around 2AM, flight was around 3h long, then the bus picked us up we drove around 2h more.
The bus ride was very uncomfortable, wanted that it would end faster.
When we arrived at the hotel we were gritted by the staff and some food.
The check in to the hotel was good no misunderstandments. We arrived around 12 to the hotel the room wasnt ready until 2PM.
When we entered the room it looked good, the air-conditioner worked very well, the fridge was filled with drinks.
The pillows werent really comfortable, but decent enough to sleep. The rooms were cleaned every day. The biggest disadvantage about the room was the walls, paper thin and you can hear everything.
Pool was very nice, you can always find some free sunbeds every time, cocktails near the pool werent very good but decent enough.
Some of the night shows were really fun like cuba show, circus...
The road to the sea is this hotels biggest minus cause the hotel is located on a big mountain we can say that and every time you want to go near the sea you need to climb down a big mountain and you know in Turkeys heat you can barely climb it, for older people its impossible, but atleast
theres a schechule for a tractor that drives up and down every day so atleast that, but if you want to go near the sea after 20PM then you will need to climb it yourself.
Near the sea you can always find free sunbeds for me the umbrellas werent really good cause you cant spread them or place them were you want.
The snack bar/bar near the sea is kinda normal, the food is decent, the cocktails are meh... The ice creams are always the same, but decent enough to like them.
The hotel itself is really big you can find saunas, shops and even a gym. The gym itself isnt big but its enough to make a decent workout. Saunas and gym is free. Jakuzis are for extra cost...
We had an opportunity to pick one a la carte restorant for free, so we picked the Fish one... and help me god i can say it was bad... and we even payed for some choices... Please dont pick fish restoran if you want to have a good time :)
Ok now lets talk about the main food breakfast, lunch, dinner. Well i can say the food was very nice, ofcourse not everything some food was lacking salt and was dry(NOT ALL). The food changed, not much but kinda enough so we would notice, the deserts were good but the biggest disadvantage for Me was that there werent any strawberrys or pineappleS(BY THEMSELVES), only some strawberrys on some cakes...
The staff itself was very good, there wasnt any misunderstandings almost all of them know English, some speak Russian
One of the disadvantages was WIFI, it was always disconnecting and when you want to reconnect its really hard... doesnt connect automatically.
The elevator was working very slowly.

Biggest disadvantages:
WIFI
FISH A la carte restorant
BUS RIDE
FRUITS-Lacked the best ones (Strawberries and pineapple)
Hill to the sea
Minor disadvantages that there was always loud music playing by the pool, needed some quiet time.

Advantages:
Food variaty
ROOMS, ROOMS SERVICE
STAFF
HOTEL TOILETS - LOOKED VERY NICE

76. Yorum: Just returned from a 5 day girls holiday in the most wonderful hotel. We all had an amazing time and the hotel and staff were a huge part of that!
The hotel is beautiful, well maintained and cleaned numerous times a day. It has everything you need so we actually only left twice, once to the local Bazaar and once to the hotel beach. The beach is down a steep hill but there is transport there and back every 10 minutes. The beach was clean and includes all inclusive drinks and snacks ( we stayed in a cabana and it was definitely worth it).
There is a large range of drinks available including local beer Efes, a list of cocktails and premium brands up in the reception bar. The food isn't catered to English but they do have things on for children such as chips, chicken nuggets, pizza bread etc. There is a massive variety and we found things to eat at every meal. The snack bar is lovely with real chicken donner meat and beautiful filled jacket potatoes. There is a patisserie all day and ice creams/lollies available at numerous times. The dessert selection was amazing and we got to have the best Baklava/ rice puddings and  macarons😍😍
What made the hotel stand out was the little things including: staff collecting bags from the bus on arrival and bringing them to your rooms; a drink from the reception bar whilst checking in; snacks and refreshments available as soon as you walk into reception; a wide selection of drinks and beautiful cocktails; an all inclusive mini bar in the room; free use of the safe; free use of the spa facilities (can obviously upgrade to treatments and I would definitely recommend this! It was amazing!!); sanitised and clingfilm highchairs; sunglasses cleaned on arrival to the cabana on the beach.... I could go on! The staff really could not do enough for us.
This brings me on to the staff, they were the highlight of the holiday and really make the hotel what it is! Everyone we met went out of their way to make us feel welcome, most speak good English but if not they really tried and even used Google translate.
The entertainment staff are lovely especially Ibrahim and Fred ( Firat), if you get to speak to Firat he will have you in stitches. He is so funny and entertaining. The bar and restaurant staff were wonderful especially Mustafa (beach and bar) Ugdin, Halim and Emrah.
Management were fabulous and helped us with a few things, especially the male  receptionist who helped us sort our return transfer and Usman the restaurant manager.
Overall, an amazing holiday and hotel. We will definitely be back!!!

77. Yorum: Great resort can’t wait to come back

78. Yorum: Amazing stay.
Big hotel, beautiful location, very nice design, spotless clean, good room size and standard despite being the cheapest one.
Great housekeeping. Food is delicious.
There are four à la carte restaurants, two of which are free of charge if you’re staying for at least 7 nights, Italian, Far Eastern, Ottoman, and Fish.
The fish restaurant is excellent, the starters are exquisite and the sea view from the hill is truly beautiful.
We only ate  at the fish restaurant among the à la carte ones, because the open buffet is endless and varied, typically Turkish, and changes everyday.
Just be careful if you’re allergic to peppers.
Drinks are good, there are bars everywhere, the lounge bar and patisserie are even open 24h.
The hotel beach is two minutes away down the hill, a tractor picks people up from beach to hotel every few minutes.
The beach also is very clean and there is a bar and a buffet.
The pool area is very nice and maybe the cleanest I’ve ever seen.
There’s music in the evenings and different activities, the entertainment team is hilarious, I really enjoyed meeting Ibrahim and Mimi. All the staff is friendly and easygoing indeed, Alim put lovely deco in our cocktails and Azat at the reception was extremely helpful and kind.
There are also a few cats in the pool area in the evening, and a very loving black cat on the beach.
I would totally recommend.

79. Yorum: At this year after lockdown prices in whole tourism was increased much, especially at summertime.
So we was searching option accordingly to our budget, as previous one hotel network which we appreciated because of them high level, was too expensive this year.
We wasn't expecting luxury level but hope to get good guality services.

+Customer service:pleasant customer service girl, who greeted us with drink and after 10 min we get room with better view than in voucher.
-Room had a dust on dresser, cleaned passingly.
+All hotel cleaned in good way, tables was cleaning immediately  waiters was polite but without basic english skills.
+View from pool and room matched expectations.
+ Staff was friendly and polite.
- Almost all staff have not basic english skills.
- Bar near pool not bad, but if you want good coctails in pool bar must leave tips, without them you will drink lemonade instead of normal coctail. Moreover beverages meniu quite short, saw that for other people they was making in shaker and with decorations from fruits or in beautiful glasses, we never got it from pool bar staff.
Why conditions not the same for all guests?
Halim once after asking double gin, told such phrase in turkish and mentioned dollars...
Mustafa barmen was the best, without any tips every time telling merhaba and serving in perfect way, he really deserved tips and best wishes.
-Main restaurant had many repeating dishes, chicken main meat, any grill meat as lamb, duck, beef, once saw turkey or again chicken. Poor choice.
Fish was but only simple kinds of it,any sea products from 9th till 15th of august ( at least shrimps, mussels could be).
-Animation team not inviting to play (expect man from Tunissia Osama dont remember exactly name), getting more closer to guests. They're mainly from Turkey and speaking only them own language. Animation team must be hotel power, energy, but not in this hotel, only Osama was asking how we're doing, inviting to play Archery, I think he had good experience before as animator.
Others even names we don't remember as anyone from them was communicating, DJ  saw us and started to communicate gaved five asked names etc..geezes it is not him job, definetely he was more pleasant than animation team.

For example about one perfect animation team:
We had chance to visit Iberostar network hotel , so relation with animation was increadible close and friendly, they're in our facebook till now as friends after 5 years approx, we had speaking with them every day, I was crying when we checked out from this hotel.
But not this time, moreover all games the same.
Please invite more animation team members from Europe, improve your hotel level at this point.

To conclude, if you want simple holiday 4* mood with a good view ( without animation, excellent various food meniu, beverages) this hotel will be ok for you.

80. Yorum: It was the best holiday ever and the most beautiful hotel we have ever been to. Everything was amazing the food, the people the location the entertainment, the Turkish SPA!!! Hence a big thanks to those who I met in person including your kitchen chef, F&B Manager, Customer Relationship Manager, Mesut, the Front Office Manager,  and a big thanks to Mustafa from the restaurant ant and Ali, who has done a fantastic job as an entertainer and truly a gifted employee of yours!!! We will be back and “I’ll be back” “Hasta la vista…” Cheerio from Livia & Mike

81. Yorum: Very clean, food is great.  The pool is at a high level, as is the service and animation.  I recommend everyone to see for themselves.  We wanted it great.

82. Yorum: Extremely nice hotel, with stunning view, great entertainments and friendly staff! High level of cleaningness. Exceeded my expectations! Great variety of food, you'll never go hungry or thirsty!! We had a fantastic stay, I can't wait to go back! I recommend the hotel to everyone.

83. Yorum: Good Hotel.
* The food is nice and tasty with lots of varieties.
* The rooms are good and clean. Air-Conditioning  works well.
* The beach is like 100 meters from the hotel.
* However one thing I didn't  like was the hotel staff. Most of them hardly  speak any English and they are not willing to help you at all in case you lost something. On the day I did the check out, I forgot  my charger and sunglasses  in the room. At the reception I told them that I'm 100% certain  that I forgot them at the room and they didn't  bother to help me at all. They said to me that they are expecting  a call from the cleaner that cleaned my room but the call never came despite me reminding  them all the time. Basically they waited  for me to leave and didn't bother to help me. That was super disappointing.

84. Yorum: Today I got home after one week in Litore and I can really recommend this hotel. The biggest plus for me is animators who all the time talk with guests and invite them to join to activities which every day are a bit different. Whenever I had a question or problem, help was granted immediately. The food was really delicious - everyone can find there something for itself. Spacious rooms with wonderful view are cleaning every day. It's about 10 minutes walk from Litore to private beach. The water slides at first glance are small compared to others I have used, but they're fast, giving you an adrenaline rush. Evening performances make it impossible to get bored there.

85. Yorum: Beautiful hotel,very clean,friendly staff.
My only critics would be,are there are only 4 Al a carte restaurants but they have to be booked,from 8am to 9am,didn't quite make sense.Not many steps to get in and out of the pool,not very safe.

86. Yorum: I stayed here for one week and my experience at this resort has made me feel like this is the worst holiday I’ve had! It was my first time in Turkey and I don’t think I’d ever come back. The people and staff are very rude... Not friendly at all! The hotel staff have no customer service skills and seem to always have an attitude. This trip was just to relax mainly so I was looking forward the “all inclusive 5* resort” but by my 3rd day I was ready to leave!! The rooms were ok - probably the best part but we still had a few minor issues so each time I had to go to reception to discuss my problems (air con and door key not working) I had to be prepared to be spoken to like a dog. The food is poor, not a great selection at all and there’s no snacks or ice cream. I am confused how this resort is rated a 5*

87. Yorum: Very poor service the woman running the Spa was extremely rude. The room.we were allocated was very small for 3 adults they said they would move us but never did and told us all rooms were the same size. Our daughter and granddaughter arrived a few days after us and there room was far bigger!
The food was not very good only on Turkish theme night was it good. Thumbs up must go to the entertainment team who do a good job. Would definitely not recommend.this hotel.

88. Yorum: Excellent hotel, nice swimming pool the food is amazing and there is even a private beach .Staff is not matching the 5 stars of the hotel , only person who speaks English is receptionist. Cheap local alcohol at all the bars , only lobby bar serves the branded spirits. The hote is a bit far from city center.

89. Yorum: Great hotel. Stunning setting with views across the Med. Spotlessly clean. Good food standard with plenty of choice. Great rooms, especially the one we had with jacuzzi on the balcony! Special members of staff are Mimi and Osemi from the activities team and Omer, a waiter in the dining room. Special people who make the hotel guests feel special. We would definitely go back to this hotel for another holiday....

90. Yorum: All recommendations for this hotel. Excellent food, service, everything new and everything clean. Animation team for every recommendation for both children and adults. Lolita in kids klub is the best. Beautiful beach, we are enjoy the literally everything the hotel offers.

91. Yorum: The worse resort I ever been. It says 5 stars but it is barely 2 star . The employees are so rude. You cannot ask for anything . It’s all paid for what they want to offer you not for what you need. The housekeeping comes in the room whenever they need not when you request service. 4 times during my stay they came in open the door and not apologizing for the rudeness. Front desk employees another story.  Being pregnant I requested a late check out, not granted , laughed in a face .  Worse vacation ever. I would never come back to this resort . Waste of money and time.

92. Yorum: An excellent hotel, very good food, clean room with an impressive view of the pool, very inventive entertainers and a memorable spa! We loved it so much in 2021 that we decided to come back! See you at the end of August!

93. Yorum: Had a week here with the family. A few issues with the service, the bed was not made and had ripped sheets, however this was soon cleared up after speaking with reception. The food is ok and standard holiday buffet. The specialist restaurants are very good and you need to book these. Bar staff are very friendly. Entertainment available if that is your thing. Access to the beach through the tunnel and a tractor ride or a walk up/down a steep hill.

94. Yorum: Good pools, good kids club, good entertainment, good room. Poor food even though there is a huge selection, no snacks included, drinks are served quickly and powerful but not that nice, staff aren't that friendly, some staff are outright rude, pool side music is too loud to relax. In summary doesn't excel in any way, but I would say it's just about value for money. Worth paying a little more if you want to feel like a customer and not another sheep. Went mid-July 2018 for 2 weeks. Mainly Rusians, which I don't care about but you may.

95. Yorum: The great hotel left us impressed. There is a show and a disco every night, and the evenings here are really fun. The service is great. The food is very tasty. We are happy to have chosen this hotel.

96. Yorum: Like many I found the hotel to excel in some areas and massively fail in others. Venue, rooms and quality is superb. Food and customer service is definitely lacking. I find others comments about the amazing animation team shocking - we found them to be the worst we've ever come across! But the hotels strong points do make this a very good hotel - even with it's failings. And yes - many, many Russians.

97. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, gorgeous pool and great entertainment/shows.
The rooms are lovely, beds very comfy and cleaned most days if you want. My only complaint is there are only two tv channels that are English, please arrange more.
There's a good choice of food here, you'll never go hungry. The staff are very helpful and friendly. You couldn't ask for more. Would happily come back.

98. Yorum: The hotel was more than amazing- clean room, cozy and welcoming. We had always fresh and cold drinks. The staff was really nice and helpful. The food was delicious. Definitely recommend with no doubts.

99. Yorum: You are harassed by the photographer every day. No rest from him. He was everywhere: at the pool, sea, restaurant entrance. Hammam owner same story. 8 nights harassed every day by these 2 gentlemen.

Food from main restaurant is decent but really unsatisfactory for a five star hotel. Unfriendly staff in main restaurant. Are absolutely not suitable for such a hotel. They wait for you to eat and leave. As if they are forced to work, no smiling faces.

My compliments to animation team and kids club staff. They do a very good job and do everything they can to make your stay enjoyable

100. Yorum: Spa was so beautiful and so good massage
Thanks full AT gizem ans vedat for enjoyed

101. Yorum: Hotel looks very good, food was ok and beach is beautiful. But service is really bad. We were with 2 year old son. Air condition did not work in our room and we asked to fix it few times during 2 days and It was not fixed. We had to remind for towels for child and to change the linens in child bed. Mostly Russians tourists - some are really nice persons but the others are a amorall alcoholics. Personal is mostly kind except the guy in lobby bar.

102. Yorum: Clean ,quiet, food is best and delicious, its best place for relaxing

103. Yorum: Everything about this hotel was 5 star. We were luck had a great room overlooking the sea. The downside was it was directly outside the entertainment. Aprat from the it was great. The lication was also great except we were a lo g raxi ride from the Alania town centre. So if youwere looki g for a beach holliday and a sliw holliday this has to be it..

104. Yorum: The only reason I rated this hotel 3stars, because hotel is still reasonable clean. When it come to food variety and customer service this place is at the best 2+ hotel. There is no customer service you have to bring your own food and wait in line for the coffee or a juice, or alcohol drink, and if you ask for help from any personal in the restaurant they will make you feel not welcome. This hotel primary customers are from post Soviet Republics. So if you have been in other 4-5 stars hotel don’t go to this one you will be greatly disappointed.

105. Yorum: Excellent hotel, high standard of finish/furniture and has that 5* feel everywhere. Room is a good size, very comfortable bed and has a free minibar (although not topped up every day).

The Beach is a short walk away with a regular shuttle tractor provided by the hotel. Food is a good standard and decent variety. Gorgeous view from the infinity pool and plenty of facilities and activities.

Only negatives are the Wi-Fi is very slow, and I hope you like walking up hills, as the hotel is on top of a very steep one, so any trip to the main road for a bus or the shops works up quite the sweat.

106. Yorum: Honest review !!
A solid 4/5. (We had ultra all inclusive and went to have a lazy vacation).
Pros: very nice and friendly staff, answered every question we had, good communication in english, got upgraded to a better room when we came, clean and tidy environment(often emptied trash cans next to the pool and near the beach, took away empty cups), the staff always wore masks, cleaned and wiped the tables often, there always was some disinfectant for your hands. The animators weren’t annoying (when we said no to what they offered they kindly and understandingly walked from us and didn’t bother anymore), decent selection of food, you can always find what to eat (we are picky eaters and don’t like to take risks with food, and we always left with full belies so that’s something), the room was tidy, daily cleaned, fridge restocked and we could use everything free of charge. Very good internet (in the room, next to the pool, reception). A few stores are very close to the hotel (outlet and bazaar(market)).

Cons: the beach is kinda far away, you have to walk down a steep hill and up the hill when coming back (there is a transportation but if you don’t make it on time it’s quite a tiring walk), there were a lot of russians so later in our stay the staff firstly talked with us in russian (so that was kinda annoying), and later in the stay they started to play russian music. If you are a coffee lover you will be disappointed but it’s a small detail. And a bit loud music and parties that were organized, but after closing the balcony door we could barely hear it in our room but that wasn’t a problem for us (but keep in mind there are a few events in the evenings where they play music very loudly).

So all in all we are very happy with our stay there, a few details but nothing crazy and gross, the price match what you are getting, definitely recommend picking this hotel for your stay:)

107. Yorum: UPD: Guest Relation Departman is the only one who does care about my situation. Thank you, Zarina, for talked to me and tried to make everything alright for my holiday. Unfortunately, nobody told me before that it’s better to talk to guest relation right away if you have any problems or questions. I also want to note that now the room cleaned well and the cleaning lady is very positive and kind.

P.S.: I don’t drink alcohol, but thanks for fruits!

Disadvantages:

1. My first impression of the hotel was great: lots of food, beautiful hotel, nice room, wonderful beach. BUT today (24.09.2020) I was disappointed. Today is my birthday and when I came to the room in the evening, I was shocked - my room was not cleaned! The mood was ruined. I said about cleaning the room at the reception - nothing has changed. I told the tour operator - nothing has changed.

2. At dinner, by the way, it was not the first time there were dirty forks and knives, although they were packed. I was very disappointed.

3. It's funny. The next day, when the bar had to be refilled, we had to ask for it ourselves... lol

4. Another disadvantage is that the hotel does not brew “real” Turkish coffee (on the sand). I love that coffee very much.

Advantages:

Regardless of the fact that you need to walk to the beach or go by transport (the car runs every 15 minutes), the hotel's beach is incredibly beautiful and comfortable. The beach has cabanas, toilets, washbasins, showers, a bar with a covered terrace. There are food and ice cream at various times. The advantage of the hotel is its location on the mountain. You are guaranteed an wonderful  sea view. The hotel itself is beautiful and has live entertainment both by the pool and in the evening. Now, during a pandemic, all staff are wearing masks, disinfectants are everywhere and measure the temperature daily. The room is amazing and the pool is breath-taken!

P.P.S.: It’s my 4th time in Turkey.

Teşekkür ederim.

108. Yorum: By far the best holiday we've ever had. The staff were friendly and fun and always willing to help. We stayed for 10 days and we did not get bored once. The entertainment team was amazing. So much to do and play. A different event every night. Absolutely loved Dj Azad,  his mixes were great and the atmosphere was just perfect. The hotel room was great with the best view we could ask for. We had clean towels every day and the mini fridge was full at all times. Honestly, I can't find a single fault here, we were extremely happy with our holiday and would definitely recommend Litore.

109. Yorum: The hotel really exceeded my expectations. The property is beautiful, clean and they're taking every precaution to ensure safety of the guests.
Extremely kind and helpful staff starting from the reception desk, waiters at the restaurant, pool bar, beach bar, housekeeping personnel and the animation team. Way to go, Litore!

110. Yorum: Customer service is very bad! We have an error on our booking that is caused by miscommunication by the agency and the hotel. We proved our purchase from our paperwork and e-mail but they will not sort it out. Basically been called a liar despite the truth and the attitude of the reception staff is unacceptable. So we asked to escalate to the manager. The front of house manager is rude and obnoxious. He didn't even acknowledge us when he came out of the back office. No wonder his staff are happy to treat customers like this... he is there example! I work in customer service back in the UK and I wouldn't employ any of these people to take the bins out. It's a shame as the resort is a lovely place in a beautiful location but the reception staff have completely ruined this the way we have been treated.

111. Yorum: I liked the hotel it is good even their atmosphere of each evening and their games each morning, the animators are too nice and especially kemal baz he is incredibly nice he taught me to play all the games and he knows how to speak English in more good is perfect

112. Yorum: We arrived at 8 AM at the Hotel and even though check-in was at 2 PM staff managed to let us in at 11 AM. Very pleasent for us as we were traveling all night long.

Staff are very kind and helpful.
Hygiene is on spot in every environment : Lobby, Restaurant, snack zone, al a carte restaurant, pool , aqua park , hallway,  room , bathrooms both private and shared.

Food  was diverse and cooked well.
Cola, fanta, water , coffee , tea, few long drinks , beer , few beverages were free.
From 7 AM till 2 AM of the next day you can eat and drink to your needs.

Room was cleaned every day and sheets changed once every two days. If you requested specifically they could change them every day.

Every day there were mini games organized like darts, archery, airgun shooting, water games.
Also they organized on each day a different activity like foam party, night festivals, concerts,  parties etc.

113. Yorum: Hotel is fantastic lovely pool. Food is mostly cold even if you go as the restaurant opens food choice is very poor and often repetitive. Not ultra all inclusive like you pay for as room service is extra and drinks not great choice local beer in most of the bars. One bar served Becks in the hotel . Room is lovely and spa very nice. Foreign tv mostly and nothing around surrounding area of hotel to do. Excursions worth doing but be prepared for a long journey.

114. Yorum: Nice hotel and rooms (not soundproof). Guests are extremely rude to staff. Good choice of alcohol on all inclusive. Some bar staff friendly, food waiters were not. Food is very poor quality throughout. I am gluten intolerant and very very limited options (no alternatives). Ala carte restaurants are not ala carte, you have an option of 3 mains that are cooked before you arrive.

115. Yorum: Why don’t you answer my e-mails. I sent you 3 e-mails in February 23 and March 23, and not a single reply. I booked a triple room for the 9th October and wanted to make sure we will have a room with 3 beds, as we are 3 girls travelling.

116. Yorum: An excellent all you can eat inclusive with amazing drinks provided 24/7. I loved mimi & frat from entertainment - so funny & welcoming!. I would like to shout out Can from the tattoo parlour - a top bloke! Mustafa from the downstairs bar is a highlight but let’s not forget Serhat from the restaurant. You are all kings and queens and deserve to be flown to your own all inclusive.

117. Yorum: It was the second time to be there. It is the best hotel i have ever been. Litore has very nice and friendly Animation team. We love them.Mimi,Babo,Asya,Carlos,Can are like our family. They make people happy in the hotel. The barmen is also one of the best we have ever meet. Mustafa smiles for everyone. They make our holiday better and more beautiful. The foods are perfect and there are parties everyday in the hotel. Litore can give beautiful holiday for everybody.

118. Yorum: My general experience here was pleasant. Very good food, clean pools, polite personnel and lots of activities. The beach is better than the pool and it is quite closed but coming back from there on foot ... Better use the shuttle tractor as the slope is incredibile steep. Do not go to the bazar across the road as you may end up deceived - all of those have better prices else where, in stores.

119. Yorum: Rooms were clean, front desk and tour staff friendly and helpful, "animators" I guess we are calling them, especially a few, were always a friendly, helpful, and encouraging asset for the resort.
An iron wouldve been nice, but I didn't encounter any staying throughout eastern Europe or Turkey so I guess that's not a thing there.

I thought the food options were pretty good. If people were dissatisfied they probably needed to try one of the 30 other interesting options they didn't try. They aren't all winners tho. It was occasionally a bit of a hassle to get wine at dinner or decent coffee with breakfast.

We could always get seats with umbrella by the beach or the pool which is not a common experience at resorts. The beach terrain is...noteworthy

Lines for higher end liquor at the lobby bar were nonexistent or extremely short.
Idk what's in the non-lobby bar liquors but we never got headaches.

Volleyball, water slides, darts, ping pong, giant chess, evening events,
we tried all.
I wish there was a left handed bow at archery. I used to be pretty good, but revisiting the sport could've gone a little better.
Maybe don't put the dart board in front of a glass wall...

There weren't (m)any other Americans there but it was easy for me to communicate with the staff and guests pretty easily in English usually. Except in the photo area.

I paid up front for a family photo shoot at the pool. Grandparents and extended family dressed up, participated. Provided multiple email addresses to photo staff. Was told we would get the pictures that same evening. (Digital copies)

It is coming upon a week and we have yet to receive the pictures.

120. Yorum: We enjoyed staying there - fresh and tasty food, clean and cozy rooms, amazing beach. It's a great place to spend a relaxing vacation. The staff was mostly nice and helpful, but I wish they spoke English more fluently.

121. Yorum: The hotel was pretty cute and nice, the food is tasty and especially there isn’t a huge wait line, all the staff was cheerful and happy to help you with everything. Shout out to Halim and Mustafa for being extra awesome with the service.

122. Yorum: When we come in this hotel , we couldn’t speak with anyone because we don’t speak turkey but there is the best person there in the spa Gizem, she’s so sweet and she speaks Arabic , she really helps us 👍🏼 anyway love you litore you’re the best ❤️

123. Yorum: Hi Litore!
Words are not enough to express our second experience at your resort  this time.We just have our best holiday since we come to Antalya.Everything was just great room,clean,food,staff,etc.
Even something wasnt perfect ,we dont care to much because your Animation Team cover that with their smile,activities,hard working,atention (to make everyone feel special).So ,big big big Bravo for the Animation Team who realy make the diference.Special thanks for Emine (she is just wonderful),Osema and all the Animation guys.
Also we need to mention the bartenders Ugur and Mustafa who was fantastic.
Hope to visit you again and we will highly recomend your resort to everyone.Thank you very much.Hugs from London.Andreia  and Florin.🤗😘

124. Yorum: Hotel was brilliant staff at the hotel are all amazing especially the entertainment team. Overall lovely hotel, great swimming pool and good food.

125. Yorum: Stay at this resort on 3 separate holidays, however, each trip the quality deteriorated,  less staff, and attention to detail became poor.
In my opinion, the quality of the "all inclusive products" became less quality,  less quantity. This is a pity,  as the first trip was  fantastic.
There is also very little apart from the resort in the evening,  or daytime,  other than "extra" trips.
It is with regret,  but, I would not use this resort again

126. Yorum: I stayed here last week with my partner and son and we had an amazing time.
It's such a grand place, with amazing sea view (definitely get a sea view room).
The beds were super comfortable, the whole hotel was clean and tidy, the food was good and we loved the different themed nights. The Turkish night had incredible food!
We all loved the pool and water slides even my 5yo son went on all of them.
The Life guards were great with my son, always entertaining him with a smile on their faces.
My son loved the kiddy disco and we all loved the nighttime entertainment.
The entertainment team were great, especially Emre. Emre really made our last few night and is whole heartedly an asset to Litore hotel. We would like to wish him all the best for the future. A lovely guy.
Mustafa at the pool bar was fantastic too, always had a smile on his face and was fantastic with my son.
The only thing that annoyed us was the guest relations lady was about as much use as a chocolate teapot and her customer service skills were the worst in the hotel (rude).
Other than that we loved our holiday and would recommend to anyone. :)

127. Yorum: Great luxury hotel; We stayed all inclusive beginning of April '19 (Just as they opened for the season). They seemed to still be gearing up, so lots wasn't available to start, but by mid April most stuff was open/available. The staff are all friendly, welcoming and very helpful. It's quite a new hotel, so everything is very clean, tidy and modern. Definitely one of the best we've seen in the area. It's at the top of a substantial hill, which gives great views of the area and sea. It's a good distance from the airport and about 30 minutes to the nearest proper towns; either Side or Alanya, but both towns are definitely worth visiting. (More details below). There is a Bazaar with 370 shops all selling the same clothes, leather items, bags and traditional wares, but worth browsing. There are 2 local pharmacies.
The Spa in the hotel is lovely and the team based in there are great and very helpful.
The room we had was a family room with a balcony and sea view, which had an amazing view of the hotel pool area, entertainment area and the sea. The t.v. 's have nearly 100 channels, a few channels can be put into English. The bed was really comfy (almost like a memory foam one). There's loads of storage and the chambermaids/cleaners are lovely. There's a plentiful supply of shampoo, conditioner, body shower gel and body lotion.
We also had a small rail to dry clothes on the balcony.
The Entertainment team are fantastic; We had Tito, Babo on activities and Alonya in Kids club who is absolutely brilliant with the kids.
There are plenty of activities to do in the hotel, but having young children that get bored on rainy days, it would've been nice if the games room had remained free (which is one reason why I booked this hotel orginally), but is now chargeable (at certain times it seemed to be free and open however!) Whenever we had any issues, the staff were quick to resolve them and happy to help.
The hotel food is both extremely plentiful, delicious and varied. We stayed for 2 weeks, and yes, there is some food which you get everyday but loads changes! I've had a different meal every time. If you find it repetitive, you're not choosing different foods and drinks. I still haven't tried all the starters, mains, sides and puddings! (The puddings by the way are exquisitely decorated!) They also had a few Themed food nights, of which, the Turkish one was amazing (complete with a live music, the local pancake things being made traditionally and local alcohol).
There are a la carte restaurants,  but we've enjoyed the main one so much we've not actually eaten at the others, but heard they were good from other guests.
In the surrounding area, there's a couple of small supermarkets but not much else other than hotels and Trip organisers. We hired a car twice, for 30 euros per day, to visit Side, Dim caves and Dim çaye (A beautiful river in a gorge). We used the local buses to go to Alanya, which are super easy to use - there are no bus stops as such, just look and wave at the bus driver headed to Alanya, then stay on until they stop at the bus station in the middle is town. (It was 6 TL each, even our 8 and 7 year old, but other guests managed to get the kids for free). 9 year olds and over are chargeable at the local tourist/ museum sites, younger are free. To get back, the bus driver yelled out the Hotels as he got near them.
It's a great place to visit. Not many English folk, but lots of German and Russian visitors.  Haggle for EVERYTHING everywhere!! We tipped for good service, but it's not obligatory.

128. Yorum: Nice clean and tidy hotel, well organised friendly staff.
I would totally recommend it. Very nice beach and outside pool, great rooms with Jacuzzi. Professional massage in spa. Big thanks to masseurs Yashar, Sefa and Desak. Great food with many options. HOLIDAYS WERE GREAT!!!

129. Yorum: The most beautiful hotel in the area. Everybody is very nice and professional. The meals and drinks are perfect, and we also loved the evening shows. Thank you for everything!

130. Yorum: Hi! In Litore hotel there are a lot of thing anconfortable. First of all, the room is not cleared every day and servis of minibar it is not regular. The customer servis has organisating my dougther's birthday, nothing it was special, the servis of waiters and the english languge it was terrible, the white wine and food like a everyday, and all of this it was with payment. 😅 I don't come here again.

131. Yorum: Wonderful spot and fab hotel. We are having a great time here with the swimming pool and beach. (Which is shingle not sand) food good choices and loads of alcohol/cocktails if you drink. Staff are very friendly and helpful nothing is too much trouble. Visiting Alanya is worth a few hours and going by taxi if you want to visit the castle/harbour and town centre is advisable if you have trouble walking far. We would all come again. There is only one problem, the house keeping. They tend not to do full room services. Such as not making beds every day, replenish toilet roll or towels. Not a biggy but frustrating. Also we where a party of three but the room had been set up for two. Only two of everything!. It took three days of complaints to get the room updated. Other than that the place is really well run.

132. Yorum: Extremely nice hotel. Entertainment team was amazing (Babo, Osema, Anastasiia, Rico),very friendly helpful staff. The pool and the beach were good and clean. Great variety of food in the restaurant.
The best bar guys Mustafa and Mehmet, and the best waiter at the Restaurant Mustafa.
This hotel was a good choice without regrets!

133. Yorum: Beautiful hotel we stayed here for 7 nights staff couldnt do enough for us. Amazing food and entertainment. We did how ever have a mouldy strawberry with maggots in BUT how ever this shouldnt put you off as the hotel and staff are great.

134. Yorum: The manager is very inhuman for not accepting me and my 8 other MALE friends. We payed 3-4 months ago but apperently is only for “family” which they haven’t defined anywhere!! They would not allow 9 men because of their gender, but 9 girls are more than welcome. Besides that  the manager didn’t even let us in to talk. I have never had a bad experience like this and would never recommend Litore to anyone.

135. Yorum: Facilities, hospitality, friendly staff to mention a few things. This place is lovely, with something for everyone. It's very clean and kept that way all the time. Only wish they varied the vegetarian food selection..lacked spice..but I'm indian

136. Yorum: We're treated badly by the staff ☹️ they need proper training. The actual hotel was top notch. We got a gud deal too. But if u don't feel welcome then it's all for nothing. The staff don't speak English even though the website says they do. There is a guest relations area where they do speak English but they don't actually do anything about any complaints so what's the point ?

137. Yorum: My family and I stayed there for the half term in May, right from the start the service was very poor as we got there very early morning, no snacks or whatever awaiting us which was a first. The toilet seat broke on our second night which was never fixed and they had the audacity to charge us for it. We didn’t mind paying the 20 euros but to charge for something that was not fixed was the last straw. Never will I recommend this place to anyone coming from England as they treated us like second class guests with their service. They certainly have their clientele and it showed.

138. Yorum: Staff ok. Activities ok.  Nice hotel and pool.  Do not expect your holiday package to be honoured.  Restaurants closed most of time so promised a la carte meals impossible to get.  Was supposed to have 2 each as part of our deal.  Got told by manager, no room and mistake in England.  Could not have cared less about us. Buffet food plentiful but quite poor. What a shame. Loved the infinity pool.

139. Yorum: I stayed here for one week with my son and my experience at this resort has made me feel like this is the worst holiday! The worse resort I ever been.Very poor service, small hotel with small pool and a terrible food  without variety only on turkish, servis of minibar it is not regular...ect ect... if you have been in other 5 stars resort don’t go to this one you will be greatly disappointed.

140. Yorum: Very beautiful hotel ! At this hotel you can have the best holiday. The staff is friendly, the rooms are very clean and nice. Here you cand relax on the beach, at the pool or at the SPA (sauna, haman, turkish sauna, Gym & fitness).The food is very delicious. The entertaiment team make different plays, funny moment and best parties. The infinity-pool is very clean. I feel very good in this hotel. Thaks Litore !

141. Yorum: Fantastic experience. It was difficult to find someone who speaks English but regardless of that this hotel exceeded our expectations. The entertainment team was next level. Looking forward to book it again for next summer.

142. Yorum: Had such a great time at litore. Want to give a special mention to Levent at the lounge bar, such a nice guy and he makes the best cocktails, he made our stay the best.

143. Yorum: More  going on for younger people. Would have liked more personal service ie tea/coffee brought to your table at breakfast and wine etc at dinner in the main restaurant... Waiters very good in al'a carte restaurants and at the pool bar.. Rooms could have been serviced better... beach was more stone than sand... over all we would go back at the right price.. and we  had a lovely holiday ...☺☺

144. Yorum: This resort is very nice and clean. The service is great. A special thanks to Halim for the amazing personalized cocktails!

145. Yorum: Great little getaway, Hotel very nice ascetic, rooms were satisfactory, air con etc, mini bar, sauna facilities, various swimming pools with stunning views of the med sea, free transport to beach area 5 min ride, food was good , drinks ok some name brands alcohol ( went all inc) Some things need improvement, mainly the Entertainment ( Sucks) apart from that All good. If your looking for rest & Chillin out, you can't go wrong.

146. Yorum: Its a covid time, july 2020.baggage wasnt disinfected, as promised. For eat time, personel was properly protected, but no social distance in the rows. Food is good, but air condition is aways enabled. Sunbads are not disinfected, as promised, just washed with water. So, if someone looks for more secure hotel, this is not place for him. Personel at the reception must spend more time learning english. I ask once, what time is it, she shows me city map of alanya. Funny, isnt it?

147. Yorum: A lot of Turkish employes, too much trying to get you to like them

148. Yorum: The hotel is perfect.
The staff is amazing..
Absolutely everything in the hotel is at a very high level, very clean and tidy.
Thank you, Litore!

149. Yorum: Look better on pictures then in life. I think too much people is here, more then covid restrictions. Food is great, working stuff young and hard working. Bed is too soft and pillow too big, but it is my subjective opinion, if there is no situation with this pandemic thing I give 5 star but from this perspective only 4.

150. Yorum: We had the trio of a life time!!

151. Yorum: Lovely food, best sweets!

152. Yorum: I hate this glasses, corona ends. Ultra all inclusive means self-service food. someone is shy and will remain hungry...

153. Yorum: Hotel is fine. The place is beautiful. But it is not clean, especially toilets at the beach. It’s a disaster! All of them are so dirty.. .

154. Yorum: Very rude Litore tractor driver - not the usual friendly one who takes up both Laguna and Litore guests from the beach up the steep hill.  Refused to let us on and wanted money.  The normal driver is lovely, happy to tip him but not when it's asked for by this other idiot!!!

155. Yorum: Really good hotel. Enjoyed every bit there not one bad thing going. Didn’t have one bad night would happily go there again.

156. Yorum: Honeymoon was awesome!
The hotel, service, animation team were perfect!
3 min walk to the beach was even a benefit :)
The food however could be better...

157. Yorum: Hotel was great - Tattoo shop and artist are a fake and con artists. AVOID. The tattoo I got has 50% all fallen out. It was a scam!

158. Yorum: I reserved sea view and they gave me the view behind i talked to them bit they didnt do anything about it , the food is not delicious at all you can eat just the breakfast its very delicious other wise you cant eat anything, the rooms very beautiful, its very far from everything its in analya its 2 hours far from antalya if you want to stay in the hotel you can reserve it other wise dont, the service is very alow i called 6 times until they fixed the tv

159. Yorum: after 9 days from reservation and payment they canceled my reservation because i'm single male and i wanted to come only by my self - explanation they have some policy " male stop"

160. Yorum: Absolutely amazing ! Staff very friendly, view is beautiful, very posh hotel, great food ! Love it!

161. Yorum: The room is bad (old, dirty, with broken tools) , could not change it. The food is ok. Beach is dirty. The sun and sea are the best. No return in here.

162. Yorum: Reception girl Beyza was polite, big room with private jacuzzi, nice sunset view from swimming pool and from beach as well.

163. Yorum: This is a lovely hotel with no faults. Beach is lovely . Unfortunately several of us had a really bad stomach bug which spoilt things.

164. Yorum: Spectacular place, amazing service and staff (Big thumbs up to Firat ;) ) and amazing location !
It looked like paradise !! Thanks and see you all again soon !!

165. Yorum: Emrah duyamz very nice guy.  Polite and always smiley with the guests, specially with the kids. Thank  you!

166. Yorum: I'm here on holiday,everything is perfect,staff are super nice,food and rooms are made to perfection and if you arrive late there are sandwiches,coffee and tea you can have at night,throughout the day there are breakfast,lunch and dinner buffets.overall I highly recommend this place to anybody visiting Antalya

167. Yorum: Bed shuttle service to the beach. In lunch time, when a lot of people go from the beach, driver has a break for 1 hour !!! People can't get the hotel, because it is wery hot in midday time to go up, while shuttle services of another hotels work very good.

168. Yorum: Lovely place great weather food a bit hit and miss, great party nights and foam pool party in the afternoon, not much around hotel a few shops good entertainment, animation team do good job keeping people entertained, beach is shingle and pebbles quite hard to walk on, hotel is spotless rooms are lovely we had one with jacuzzi on which was great

169. Yorum: Dream resort I booked 3 days for 300 dollars and it is worth more than that I went with my kids and we really enjoyed and after the reservation was over we wanted to extend but we did not get rooms available I wanted to thank everyone in this resort and highly recommend it

170. Yorum: Very good resort, much more better then others from Antalya. The food is also very good, the beach is also amazing. Recommend for family and snorkeling.

171. Yorum: Excellent hotel, Excellent Staff, Good food. Great views. Would go again with pleasure

172. Yorum: Excellent hotel, great food, the best beach and seaside. Highly recommended

173. Yorum: goos
The environment is calm and full of good feelings
clean
Great staff
little hotel but full
foods good
price for this hotel is down and few

174. Yorum: Very bad service quality
No respect
Rude workers
Bad experience
I dont recommend to stay in Litore at all
Many incident happened
The customer care is very weak
I wont visit Litore again

175. Yorum: Good hotel but food let's it down big time cold and luc warm all for the Eastern Europe's only German's and Russians mainly

176. Yorum: Great hotel, clean amenities and fun entertainment. Special thanks to Osema from Animation team.

177. Yorum: Its amazing hotel delicious food friendly animator ibrahim  wery good guy and also Yulia so sweet and friendly girl

178. Yorum: Fabulous hotel, food pretty good, very relaxing. Room comfortable.
Would definitely go back.

