1. Yorum: Stayed here for 3 days in Aug 24.  The hotel is big and clean with great facilities. The rooms are are huge! There are 4 separate pools and a water park that the kids loved.  Evening entertainment was also nice. Nice walk to a private beach …

2. Yorum: I was here from september 26 and supposed to stay until october second,|In our 4th day of stay, the hotel cancelled our reservation, important to mention our stay was booked with travel agency in Iran||Apparently there was a difference in …

3. Yorum: I have not long come back from here with my family of 5, 3 adults, 17 year old and an 8 year old. We had the best time. The hotel was amazing, it was clean, comfortable and had lots to do with the pools, the water park, the beach and peer, …

4. Yorum: It was the best hotel. The Staff, food, Activities, pools and everything was perfect. The staff were so nice and even the EURO24 was streamed there. Everything was free to bars, Buffets etc. It is close to the airport and close to Mall of Anatolia. I recommend this hotel for families because it is perfect.

5. Yorum: This is our 4 th visit to this wonderful hotel.|The hotel is spotless  all the staff are amazing from the cleaning staff to hotel management,|It’s like coming home |They never forget  you and know our names |Are favourite place is the roof …

6. Yorum: Had the worst holiday ever undercooked food and hairs in glasses ended up with D&V would never go again not 5star and some restaurants had extra prices if not buffet style so not as all inclusive as we had hoped. holiday ruined. Close to …

7. Yorum: I'm writing this with one day left of our so called 5 star holiday. I have been to many 5 star hotels and this is by far the worst in fact 2 star at best, even tui reps said never a 5 star maybe 3. The hygiene is non existence and many …

8. Yorum: We had the best holiday here ! We was worried coming here due to seeing the bad reviews but honestly we had a great time ! The hotel is lovely ! Clean ! The staff work so hard bless them and are so lovely constantly on the go  ! The pools …

9. Yorum: Half way through our holiday, really starting to enjoy the place. Very clean, staff are all very nice, food is good and a nice variety. Good if you like walking too, nice covered path to the beach, or a buggy service if you don't want to walk. 5 star for sure. Family friendly hotel, maybe not a couples hotel as lots of children, but so much variety for kids of all ages, and adults

10. Yorum: All the staff are amazing the cocktail guys with|The trolly round poolside  are amazing   The drinks are out of this world |Anamation  are new this year super friendly |Mr Alek only one who has been here  years |Is a superstar and a legend …

11. Yorum: I have had a amazing experience the entertainment team are fantastic they have made us feel really welcome so friendly and entertaining the food has been lovely the hotel is fantastic the shows are amazing everything has been amazing we have really enjoyed are stay at the royal seginus

12. Yorum: Beautiful hotel/complex, fantastic pool areas, all spotlessly clean, good food, only downside was my wife's necklace was stolen out of our room, and the woman opposite us had here sunglasses stolen, such a shame.

13. Yorum: Room was perfect. Beach very ok. Great pools and restaurants.
Mini bar was not fulfilled everyday.

14. Yorum: Been to lara beach a few times and this one certainly didn't dissapoint.   Beautiful settings around the pool, geared up for families with waterpark and funfair and close to the beach.  You won't be disappointed.

15. Yorum: First I will write what is good.
The rooms are huge and very neat and clean, and very very good.
The food is also very good, you have food 24 hours where you want and as much as you want.
The service is very good.
I made the reservation via Whats app and everything is  it was fine and seriously.

What I didn't like...

Topoganes work from 14:00 until 17:00, I think it's a little too late from 2:00 p.m., so there were very few rubbers for the toboganes and you have to wait about 30 minutes for them to get a tire.

Unfortunately, they don't have a pool with warm water outside, which is very important at the end of the season, inside the pool was closed!!!

16. Yorum: We had the best holiday ever! Thank you for your great hospitality

17. Yorum: largest hotel room i have ever seen as a single room. it was very clean. my room got cleaned everyday as it should be.  lobby is so large and i surprised how they make drink service that fast. food was great that i  think about going to seginus again just to eat 😁 …

18. Yorum: Do not come here at all. Here is a big waste of money. food will give you food poisoning and it’s not clean. The rooms are mid nothing. Special food could be better but it is standard. We paid about 8K for this holiday and it is worth 400. The waitresses are rude and the staff there’s only a few maybe one or two, that are actually decent. The rides are rundown and about to fall off. If you are coloured do not come here, or you feel segregated, there’s only Turkish and Russian people here only white, and if your colour they will look at you all the time.. Also there is bedbugs but has been eating us all night and day. The bedbugs were having a buffet on us.

we had to go to the pharmacy to get some spray so that we can get a good sleep.

While being there and we had dinner at the buffet and after my sister nearly died, she had green diarrhoea we nearly flew back to England. It was that bad. Anywhere but here is good. If the tickets are more than 300. There’s no point booking, save you money guys. Definitely not a luxury hotel. We were surviving more than anything.

19. Yorum: Rooms are large and that's about it.
Kids club is a disaster.  The kids club area is dull and depressing,  even kids don't want to stay in.
Animation team only bothers about the activities that parents need to pay extra,  which is not acceptable at all inclusive hotels.
Food in the restaurant is fine.
Don't expect to find anything extra at the hotel resort grounds like ice cream or any snacks apart of crisps and nuts.
The bar serves cheap quality drinks. Tried a few cocktails, and it was impossible to drink because of the poor quality.
No proper coffee was found in the hotel. Cheap machine made coffee that tastes like rubbish.
90% of Arab families that are rude and are ready to walk on top of your head and don't follow the rules.
There is NO bins around the hotel grounds, there as everyone is littering and throwing rubbish. There was times when Arabic women lefty dirty kids nappies on the grounds. Ahh. Felt like I was in the jungle.
In terms of safety this hotel is not bothered about anything.
Pool party was a joke!
Animation is poor.
Reception staff are rude and worthless, and no English speaking staff.
I don't recommend this place at all.
For the same money there are so many better quality hotels.
Staff are very unprofessional and un friendly.
Never again.

20. Yorum: The worst experience in my life ever And the worst staff ever they very very very rude My friend was at the hotel, and I came to him to see if I liked the place or not to book a suite for me and my wife. ,,My wife and I waited in the reception for 2 minutes, and my friend, who is already a guest at the hotel, came Then the staff asked us to leave I told them I will talk to my friend for 10 minutes and if I like the place I will book immediately The manager came to me and told me this is not visit time, I told him that I am in the reception and I do not want to see the hotel. I will just talk to my friend and then i will go .,He told me no, and treated me with extreme racism because I speak Arabic By the way, I am English, and I speak Russian, French, English, Arabic, and Hebrew. The manager spoke to us and treated us with extreme racism. I do not know why, and frankly, I did not expect this to happen. He went and I booked in another hotel. Then, after two days, I was surprised that my friend called me and said that my wife and I were poisoned because of the food in the hotel, and he filed a complaint with the police. Also, they offered him a 5-day stay for free, and he didn’t agrees because he has already filed a complaint in police. A very dirty hotel and a very bad hotel. I do not recommend it at all staff is racist, even the managers are, unclean food and bad treatment

21. Yorum: Great hotel, we had a great family holiday here. the Rooms are huge. The staff (apart from entertainment team) are so friendly. the food corners are the best. Great beach and pier too.

22. Yorum: I recently stayed at this hotel from 24/07 to 31/07, and unfortunately, my experience was far from satisfactory. There were several issues that seriously impacted my stay, making it difficult for me to recommend this place to others.

First and foremost, the internet service was extremely poor. Most of the time, there was almost no internet connection, making it challenging to stay connected and plan our activities during the trip.

Another major concern was the lack of available space at the pool. Despite waking up early, it was a constant struggle to find a place, and we often ended up in unpleasant confrontations with other guests who had taken our towels and spots.

The quality of food at this hotel was a significant letdown. In comparison to other hotels I've visited, the food here was subpar at best. It was evident that they lacked the effort and attention to provide a satisfying dining experience.

One of the most disappointing aspects was the exorbitant price we paid for our stay. Unfortunately, the value did not match what was offered, leaving us feeling cheated and unsatisfied with the overall experience.

Additionally, I was surprised to find that the bar lacked a decent selection of alcohol, and if you desired standard options, you were forced to pay extra. Moreover, the water bottles provided at the bar were always warm, with no access to cold water anywhere on the premises.

The hotel's amenities and services proved to be inadequate as well. The kids club, for instance, required an additional fee to keep children entertained, which seemed unfair given the already high costs of the stay.

Furthermore, the hotel lacked any sort of nightlife or daytime activities, other than the pool. The few shows they hosted at night were of poor quality and seemed cheaply produced.

Cleanliness was another major issue during our stay. The rooms were not well-maintained, and upon entering the dinner restaurant, a terrible odor was impossible to ignore.

Even basic sanitation was a concern, as the pool toilets emitted foul odors throughout the day, without any apparent cleaning efforts.

As an all-inclusive package, I expected more from this hotel. However, the absence of minibars around the property for drinks and ice creams was a significant disappointment.

Moreover, the game zone, advertised as a feature, required an additional fee of 1 euro per game, which left us feeling nickel-and-dimed.

Communication with the staff proved to be a struggle due to their lack of English proficiency, making it difficult to convey our concerns and get assistance when needed.

To make matters worse, the majority of the guests and staff displayed rude behavior throughout our stay, creating an unpleasant atmosphere.

Finally, I found it disheartening that the staff only seemed attentive when tipped, indicating a lack of genuine service and hospitality.

In conclusion, my experience at this hotel was anything but enjoyable. From the inadequate internet and pool space to the disappointing food and unhelpful staff, I cannot recommend this place to fellow travelers. There are far better options available that offer better value and a more pleasant stay.

23. Yorum: For children, it was really good. We spend 7 days in the hotel, the stay was very good. The food was delicious. My kids enjoyed the swimming pool, slides, outdoor food corner, and funfair. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful. The staff member came over and asked us how is our holiday stay going in the hotel.

Need training to staff who are working in the reception, for example, English language and keep a smile on face when they talk to the gusts.

24. Yorum: Ants in the hotel room, poor wifi,central air conditioning - temperature cannot be adjusted-too hot or too cold.

25. Yorum: First time to this hotel and was blown away great customer service, indoor - outdoor pools, funfair for kids, kids splash and play, water slides, kids indoor activities
I think the only down side to this hotel was the food it was quite repetitive, bland and the meat e.g. Steak, lamb chops, were very hard to cut through

Water sports were good but expensive but also worth it.

26. Yorum: This is the last day at this hotel, I like it so much so far. I’ve been to many places but I should say this place has the best employees ever. Specially from the Food and Beverage, waiters are always willing to help with everything and each of them are so kind. the room is always clean. Food is amazing. Spa services are one of the bests and they serve good drinks. It’s a price performance hotel I’d recommend to all of my friends. There’s a minor problem with the reception, they’re not as smiling and they could’ve answered the phone in a more professional way. The guest relations arent as active as they should.  Also, special thanks to Raman from animation who found the deck of cards and went all the way down to the amphitheater to get it for us. Definitely coming back to this hotel!

27. Yorum: This place is full of fun and food, if you have kids it would be good for you and your family, I don't feel disturbed by anything in the place.
The food was good and the service too, you can find always your spot to feel relaxed and enjoy your moment, and it's in the middle of Antalya so you can do a lot of activities.

28. Yorum: We spent one week in this hotel and it was the worst holiday ever!
First, our 16 months old kid got food poisoned already on the second night.
We went to to the doctor in the hotel (they have a doctor office) and had to wait more than half hour there with our kid vomiting every 10 min. After the doctor arrived and saw our kid he said we have to go to the hospital. They arranged everything for us to go to the hospital (transport, medical report, etc). After this we were in the hospital for 12hours until our kid was ok to leave and had to pay 980 EUR for the treatments.
The nightmare holiday keeps with our kid always feeling bad with high fever and Diarrhea.
After three days, me and my husband got also sick. same symptoms like our kid.
To add to this the cleaning staff are not good. The rooms were only really cleaned when we checked in, after that not even the vacuum they used. Really poor the cleaning.
The buffet restaurant was giant, but every time we entered the room, there was always a very strange smell.
Beach is nothing special, the pool area was very nice but the pool water didn't have any chlorine which is also not good if you have thousands of people using the same pool.
The resume: will never come back! had the worst holiday of my life.

29. Yorum: We came here as 2 male friends. This was the first time we stayed in an otel.

Service and food was okay. You can almost eat and drink anywhere in the otel.

I am 6'1 and there is not a deep pool. This is bad. Life in the otel is dead after 00.00 AM. Also arabian customers did lots of problem in the pool.

30. Yorum: Amazing hotel like staying in  Palace! Staff are truly amazing. So helpful & friendly. Rooms fantastic.  Pools & waterparks great but very cold.
Highly recommend this hotel.
Fantastic decor, too. Very family friendly ! Great choices of bars & places to eat .

31. Yorum: The most disappointing thing about my stay in Royal Seginus was that they switched off the air-conditioning every night at about 2 am. The air-conditioning would then be switched on again at 5 pm!!! Imagine if a person is sick or tired and wants to rest in his room, we cannot because the air-conditioning doesn't work during the day and most part of the night as well!!!

The food was generally good and service was quick and efficient.

Room service was very average and actions of guest relations were very good and quick at times and at other times, the offered service would fall in mediocre range.

The cleanliness and general maintenance was above average.

The kids area is too small and seems unattractive and inadequate.

The pools were pretty good and well maintained.

Safety hazards were missing and general sick bay seemed non existent. The hotel should provide wheel chairs for guests who need these facilities, some also need these for accidents at the resort.

Rooms were good size and mostly comfortable.

32. Yorum: Came here with my partner and little boy, total family of 22

we have wasted time and money coming here, never come to this hotel

When we arrived 3 members of the family were left without there room as the hotel was apparently full and they had no rooms

Service is awful from most of the staff

17 out of 22 people in our family have all gotten sickness and diarrhea

Food is just repetitive and not very nice

The male staff here have extremely disgusting behavior towards women, female guests cannot even walk through the hotel with the slightest amount of skin showing without the staff staring at them, especially the disgusting Turkish bald man who works in the barber shop, countless occasions I’ve caught him doing whatever he can to see a females bum when walking passed, including my partner!

The safety in this hotel is abysmal, floors around the hotel are slippery, I fell walking over the bridge at night, so did my partners auntie in the same spot the night following, I saw a small child hot the back of their head on the side of the children’s pool while walking to get in, luckily he was okay and didn’t seem too hurt, there are 0 life guard's watching the children’s pools either, the snake slide is also dangerous, my brother in law and his child actually fell out of the dingy, also if you do not lift up your bum on the dingy on that slide you will risk really hurting yourself as I did, they do not warn you about this before riding, there is a flat point at the bottom of the drop with will catch your bottom, it really does hurt!

The lifts run like the Paris metro, need I say more about it, it takes an age to get anywhere if you have to use them

A chef actually asked if I was British to which I said yes so he then asked me if I wanted to tip him, NO

Most the staff only appreciate you when tipped and once they know that you do not give out tips they just try ti avoid you

Now there are some nice staff here that stand out from the rest but the others just ruin it

Staff constantly trying to blag you into using the Turkish spas, water sports and tattoo services just to grab your bucks

Bingo tickets given to you as if they are free and then staff act like bailiffs 1 or 2 days later wanting 30 euros from you or the ticket’s back

What is meant to be an all inclusive hotel charges you for a game of pool or snooker, you have to pay a fee to leave the all inclusive restaurant with any form of food taken from their

The mini bar in your room is almost everyday forgotten about when it needs filling

Two of our rooms had things stolen from, the reception staff know this happens by the way but does nothing about it!

Our game room card was taken out of the room for some stupid reason when the maid cleaned the room, when we went to reception about it they already somehow knew about it as the maid handed it in, even though it was in our family’s ROOM, I’d imagine if we had not had raised the issue before leaving the hotel they would have just cashed that money spent on the card back out, awful

Water sports staff touched a 13 year old girl inappropriately while forcibly removing her and the father from the jet ski as they tried to cut their ride short of 10 minutes when they paid for 20, after a heated confrontation with group of muscly Turkish men behind the desk trying to intimidate you to walk away, there was no apology but only half the money given back! Totally out of line

My partner and 2 other female members of the family tried to sort out an issue we had with the late checkout with a male member of staff on reception who was disgustingly rude and did not seem interested until myself and my brother in law went up to sort the problem.

There are some positives but not many so I won’t bother to include them as other reviewers already have done so and to be honest I don’t think the hotel deserves it, does not deserve its 5 stars either I’d say more of a 3 star hotel

Do not come to the Royal Seginus in Antalya

33. Yorum: Big hotel.  Everything there is dominated by a star and the universe.  The architecture is very cool!
The pools and slides were great.  The fitness was also great.  Nice staff!
The restaurant had good days and bad days.  Sometimes we had to wait for a table.  The staff was often very good.
But it was very busy and messy.  The whole family suffered from gastro-intestinal complaints at one time or another.  Cause unknown?!
The rooms were great!  Sometimes they smell a bit musty.  But the shower sauna was sublime!
The entertainment was weak.  Impersonal and the same every day.  Also the program at the pool, for example aqua gym.  Same music every time!!  Why no variety?
And that fake yelling through the dining room by the 3 girls to lure people to the disco has got to stop!
In short, a nice hotel with plenty of options, but not top status due to wrong management!

34. Yorum: my child got food poisoning 5 days ago. the hotel does not want to do anything to help..our vacation has turned into a nightmare because the child is not well yet and we worry a lot..this is not a place to vacation if you have children.

35. Yorum: Outstanding places its my 1st day i booked full board suite
Water park is great kids enjoyed a lot
Food is good
Yes some things a seprate from full board
Beach is nice they have shuttle to beach as resort is too big so shuttle is nice
Many bars and couple of activites for kids
all in all an amazing experience

36. Yorum: Absolutely lovely hotel been here twice now spent a week there with a 6 month old and a ten year old so much to do for the whole family really clean food gets the same old but doesn't Any all inclusive hotel. The staff couldn't do more for us will definitely return again

37. Yorum: Such a shame I have food poisoning. I'm currently here in the hotel. I have never had food poisoning before and its horrendous!
Great for little children. They could have an in-between pool there's only 0.30m or 1.40m nothing in between. The beach is rubbish and like little stones. We won't come back. They don't do anything to help keep the mosquitos away either.

38. Yorum: we settled in the hotel for 9 days.  Unfortunately, we didn't like the bottom line (value for money), we saved too much on the staff (services in the restaurants) for food and drinks you waited about an hour.  The gentlemen at the reception are not exactly a "face" for the hotel - rather unfriendly and demotivated.  the WIFI an absolute disaster!  and that in 2022. However, the rooms are very nice, modern and large.  the cleaning staff in the outside area do their best.  Basically, awareness of the garbage problem (plastic) has not yet arrived here either.  Also as far as the masses of people are concerned, close together... 2 out of 5 stars from us, because the bottom line is more stress than relaxation.  works better (or cheaper)

39. Yorum: Stayed here for a week end of November. So impressed with my room. It was huge with a walk in wardrobe & a steam/shower room. I am not fussy with food & the selection was great, especially the desserts. Staff were attentive, however there was a conference on for 2 days & some staff clearly only concentrated on their own, overlooking the guests who were there before/after the conference. Location is fab. I did find it hard to sleep as even though the huge bed was comfy, the room was so hot & air con was off. Would definitely stay there again.

40. Yorum: Its only a commercial hotel , the service is very bad.
First of all the room was very noisy,  my neighbors family were very noisy , and when i went to the reception they tallede that they cannot do any thing !! I don't know im here in a 5stars hotel to get rest and holiday or to be annoyed?!

After that there was no Air conditioning at the room , i called them and the technician didn't know what to do , he said that he is going to fix it and he didn't and he told the reception that he fixed it !!

The wi-fi is very very bad.

The food was really bad.

The workers only work fo tips , without tips they dont give you a service,  and they ask for tips (bakhshiish).

Once we went to the breakfast later than normal and they turned off the dinner room and the weiter cleared the table and took the dishes while we were eating without asking !!

The internal pool was very cold while winter.
The hammam turky was with extra charge,  its not included with the -all inclusive-!!

The games with extra charge.

The luggage scale in the luggage room is not working ! The reception told me that they will fix it within two days -my flight was after 3 hours 🙂🙃-

IT IS A BAD HOTEL.

41. Yorum: The hotel is good! But noisy and is not suitable for teenagers! More for little kids.
For example the spa is next to the dining room and play zone you can hear kids screaming and being kids 😵‍💫
Nice and helpful staff especially Mr.Cen  the receptionist was very professional.
Good food, alot of options and tasty.
Very clean.
There is no a.c in dining place and  elevator so I melted every time I ate.

42. Yorum: All-inclusive hotel, with a high variety of food and beverages, luxurious rooms with big bathrooms, and nice views (I had a room with a view to the sea). In the day time, you can enjoy the activities (air gun, darts, pool games), you can go shopping in the surrounding area or you can take part in the beach, paid activities such as jet skiing, scuba diving or paragliding. The hotel has a part of the beach and a pier all to itself, which is really nice. Overall, you will have absolutely everything you need (food or drink), wherever you are on the hotel area.

43. Yorum: Stayed for 3 nights in this all inclusive resort. It was a wonderful experience. Kids loved the water slides and pools. Lots of variety available in buffet breakfast and dinner.

Couple of suggestions ... They should add nuggets and cheese balls in their midnight buffet and Pattesrie as kids going there dont have much variety to eat from . Secondly lots of sweets and cakes available but most had no taste so their cakes and pastries need to have better quality in terms of taste.

44. Yorum: The hotel was new and clean. We visited royal holiday palace a couple of years back, and although seginous was not directly on the beach, we preferred this hotel.

Reception: unhelpful and fob you off. When arranging our transfer, our details weren’t in the book. They promised it would arrive, and low and behold it didn’t.

Rooms: modern, big, steam room fantastic. Cleaning could have been better as towels, tea etc not replaced occasionally. We were at the front and had partial beach/pool view, the music was blaring outside most nights which wasn’t great for sleep(I think the noise was from a neighbouring hotel)

Pool: Great fun, kids pool lots of fun for children and all working.

Beach: 5 minute walk or buggy, standard beach

Fairground: lots of fun for the family.

People: Visitors generally friendly and nice.  A few families style was to allow their children run riot.

Food: not the best, and why we took two stars off. Many people throwing up, and being sick - especially children. Likely Norovirus. Many families we spoke with had same issue and were constrained to room; or worse, were hospitalised. Please take Imodium, anti-sickness and dioralyte with you!

Always tricky to get a table, and waiters were generally okay but some were moody. They appeared to be over -worked.

Hint: go to the restaurant half-way between hotel and beach for lunch, it’s the only one included within all-inclusive that is table-service and so makes a better meal without rushing to buffet style, especially if you have children.

However, Lemon ice cream was tasty! And they served steak a couple of nights which was nice.

Bus stop close to hotel to go into Antalya city or terracitty mall.

45. Yorum: Perfect place for holiday. Everything was perfect, starting with accommodation to food and hotel services. I can only recommend to spend holiday there. I expect to be back next year.

46. Yorum: A lot of things were broken, in general it was okay and its luxourious but it’s not for a 5-star. They messed up our rooms and gave us for 5 person only 2 large bed and when we told them they just send us additional bed because the hotel was full and we booked 2 months earlier. Stuff is very rude especially the guy that works in disco with glasses, also the guy that works in that restaurant (00:00-07:00 working) on the terrace.

47. Yorum: What an amazing hotel, I have nothing bad to say about it.
Excellent facilities and good. I love the steam shower in the room.
As good as all of this is, what really makes this hotel is the staff. They are highly efficient, kind and welcoming. I felt well looked after from word go.
The guest relations team go the extra mile to make your holiday special. I was very grateful for the advice and help to take the bus into Antalya's old town.
I must add there was a massive conference on while we were there. It was terribly busy. As soon as the staff realised this was affecting our holiday, they opened the snack bar as an additional restaurant area for non-conference guests.
Thank you to the entire team for a fabulous holiday!

48. Yorum: Great hotel with really good staff. The rooms are spacious with a very large bathroom and separate dressing area. There is a good variety of food and activities. The staff are amazing. Esra was great in the kids club. She was so good with the kids and really friendly. There is a range of water slides and also have an indoor pool. The beach is 5 minute walk away and there is also shuttle buses every few minutes to take you. Snack restaurant and play area near the beach, so don't have to go back to the main hotel part to eat.

49. Yorum: I have just returned from week at the hotel with my young family. After reading some of the mixed reviews about the hotel on various websites I feel it is important to post this. I feel some of the negative comments are not justified and I did not experience anything bad. The hotel is exceptionally clean and well managed. All waiters and bar servers had good undrstanding of English. As our stay conicided with Eid it was extremely busy of some days but overall the hotel ans staff coped well with this amount of guests.i would recommend the hotel to my friends and I would have no regrets returning next year.
Thank for an enjoyable stay

50. Yorum: I had a wonderful holiday at this resort. The design of the hotel and the rooms is superb. Food for all tastes. The children's pool area is well appointed and is for all ages. Thanks to the Stone group for their attention to their clients. See you next summer ❤👍

51. Yorum: I have just stayed for the week while having some dental work done and travelled alone. The staff were very helpful and friendly throughout. My room was very large, comfy and all round ideal for me. Everything was well cleaned and the housekeepers changed the linen every day while I was out. The food was lovely, a wide selection for breakfast lunch and dinner, with new choices each day. The pool area is very chilled and relaxing with a large bar area to get drinks. If I had to find a slight disappointment it would be the beach which is a little underwhelming if that’s what you’re after. However if you like being around the pool you’ll be more than happy. Overall I had a great, chilled out week at royal seginus and would recommend it for anyone wanting to stay in Antalya!

52. Yorum: I have stayed at this hotel early june 2022 for 7 nights and will try to give an honest review. The hotel is beautiful, looks luxurious and the slides are extremely fun. The food was great and although sometimes you might not like what is the main meal you will always find something to eat as everyday they have hamburgers, sushi etc. I particularly loved the chinese and mexican nights. Throughout the day there are so many tasty options to eat and due to this I did not even have lunch, they serve chicken kebab with freshly baked pitta, they have waffles and churros with variety of sauces and freshly made gozleme. Although there are many positive factors I strongly deep inside do not believe the service is 5 star. There are also lots of cons, if you want a cocktail there is a 70% it will be rubbish, it is a gamble depending who is serving you, one person may make your pina colada lovely another bloke will splash rum and pineapple juice in a cup and hand it to you, previously drinks like Jack daniels were included in all inclusive however now there is a charge. The photographer promised us digital photos in addition to the photos we purchased but when we went to collect demanded more money, the shops inside the hotel are beyond ridiculous when it comes to pricing, a water cannon toy which I literally purchased in England costs £1.00 im the shop costs 10 euros. I paid 10 euros for two lollipops, I dont think i will ever pay that much again in my lifetime lol it is literally a scam. Wanted to play table tennis and theres 1 bat missing, approached a member of staff and he just shrugged his shoulders and said sorry, a 5 star hotel would approach this in a way 'ill get this fixed for you' rather than 'deal with it do something else'. The entertainment is extremely poor, like seriously only one night they had a dance show and the rest was either bingo or the host doing silly games like making guests cat walk topless. Kids disco lasts 30 minutes which is far too short. The wifi is only good inside your room/lobby then it is terrible, to cut the long story short I feel like this is a 3 star hotel with 5 star look.

53. Yorum: A four star hotel that wants to be a 5 star hotel. Rooms are big, but extremely noisy, especially if you are on lower floors. House keeping is bad and even leaving liras on the bed each time, the rooms is not cleaned properly. Like always in Turkey you have to put your towel on the bed at the pool if you want a decent spot. The food is soso, but much of the same and the best food always has a long que and in worst case they just tell you it’s ‘finished’! The group of people that work there can’t handle the mass amount of clients and that shows every day! I will personally never again come back to this hotel

54. Yorum: We arrived late afternoon. At reception two guys didn’t speak neither language apart Turkish. They weren’t welcoming and looked exhausted.  Two ladies from guests relations could speak English, but their knowledge very poor. Rest stuff don’t speak English either. The hotel itself is very luxurious, but nothing else positive could be told. So, the staff of the hotel not interested to serve you, didn’t approach to offer anything either. If you ask for something, be prepared wait for ages or sometimes didn’t do what we were asking. Rooms have been cleaned very bad. They just change towels & nothing else. Room was full of dust, we couldn’t wear our white clothes as they were covered in the dust from the shelves that haven’t been cleaned seems for ages. Food is awful. We had incredible abdominal pain from their food for 3-4 days. I don’t know how it could be eaten. Chicken dry & hard like a rock, meat the same. Most food didn’t look appetite, lots of fast food even for breakfast. The food & deserts are the same every single day. Slides have been working, but only some of them. Be aware, that if your child under 12, adult must go with a child on a slide. Only a few slides where our child could go on his own. Entertainment is rubbish. At 8:30pm kids disco for 30 mins & at 9:30 for adults. Was either live music or bingo (you have to pay 5 euros to get a ticket). Was more fun for children rather for adults, children were running everywhere. Be aware that doctor office on flour -1 isn’t for free, the visit costs 125 euros. However, there are the shop and pharmacies just 2-3 km walking from hotel on the left. Only was pretty much edible - kebab (outside), some fruits & veggies. They cooked a few days the fish, that was full of bones - that could be very dangerous for children. Strawberries & grapes looked terrible, looked liked they should be thrown away rather offer for guests. The desserts are just different shapes, but all are the same. Every evening there was a mirror cake, that quickly have been distorted by others guests. If you like the suchi, bring your own soya sauce. The fish wasn’t fresh in the suchi either, salmon wasn’t peach, but grey color. Most food are cooked in lots of oil, or chilli. Food incredibly tasteless. Unfortunately, we chose this hotel as liked the photos, but it’s not what you get. All the staff were walking with miserable faces or paying attention to guests who spoke Turkish. Fairy ground some days didn’t work, or worked by closing down earlier. You have to walk around 10 mins to the beach. All juices were made from concentrate. We expected way more from this place. Lots of guests were disappointed with their entertainment, so after mini disco we only could go back to the room. The food & entertainment must be improved, so their staff. I was happy to be back home.

55. Yorum: It's a beautiful hotel. We are in a deluxe suite and it's brilliant. Got jacuzzi and sauna in the bathroom. Home away from home. Kids absolutely feeling happy and comfortable. Great food if you are an adventurous. Food available all the the time. Water park for kids and babies is great. They love it. Pools are good.

56. Yorum: 1 time by Royal Seginus, 2 times by another hotel close to this one part of the same company Stone Group.
Rooms:
positive: pretty new, big enough, allover are energy sockets and lights.
Minibar with enough choose and filled every day.
negative: brocken, defect, and used peaces will not be fixed or changed.
Will not be cleaned deeply every day.
For children
Positive: Animation, every evening mini dance for children very intrateinment, Rides and other stuff very good.
Negative: at the beach, no place to play with sand, nothing to play at all.
I prefere don't discus about restaurants and bars, but generally i found all of them not good. I don't like it the quality of the food in the main restaurant and all the caos generated by the gasts due the disposition of the food. Services are not organised and they run close to you without see your needs. To have a table free your have to eat very early or very late.
Generally the motivation and training of the employes is not good enough.
I'll not come back in a structure directed by Stone Group until i reach enough informations they chage back to an higher level.

Next year sure back to Lara beach but somewhere else.

57. Yorum: I have been in lots of hotels in Turkey, but I have never been in a hotel like this one ! This so luxurious, so beautiful, so charming and of course so spectacular.
The staff was perfect. Cleaners cleaned the room better than I expected, waiters were really amiable, kindly, smiling.
In resume, I will come again as soon as possible.

58. Yorum: Where do I even begin. Firstly, me and my wife got food poisoning after the first day we are there, keep in mind we booked for 6 nights. The service is very slow and sometimes even unresponsive. We got so frustrated and traumatized by the hotel buffet that we ended up leaving after 2nd night. The remaining nights was not refundable but we still decide to forfeit it because that was how disappointed we were.

I understand its not easy to manage buffet for everyone with the kind of variety they serve. (A lot of variety but the taste is really 😒) But I wish they do a better job in future especially the services provided, room service, bell boy ext. Kudos to the buffet restaurant team, for working hard to clean each table and provide drinks for everyone but honestly they could use more staff there.

59. Yorum: I stayed at Royal Seginus for 9 days at the end of October. The hotel itself is very large and has a very modern appearance. The food at the main restaurant differs every day and there is plenty of choices. Besides the main restaurant, various a la carte restaurants are situated at the hotel for dinner. We visited the sushi and Italian one; great dining experience and I do really recommend it! For lunch, you do not have to visit the main restaurant, but there are also restaurants located at the pool and on your way to the beach for a bite. Also at these other restaurants, there is a wide choice of food (snacks, salads, pasta, pizza, beef, chicken, rice, fish, and so on). There is a lot of security at the hotel which gives you a safe feeling; even on the beach. The pier is great to relax and have a drink from the pier bar. If you are too lazy to walk for 3 minutes to the beach, you can take the shuttle bus. Animation all day long and during evenings there are amazing shows and live music. Rooms are large, with comfortable bed, walk-in closet, great shower, and fresh drinks & housekeeping every day. Moreover, Guest Relations helped us a lot regarding dietary (gluten-free food). I want to thank concierge Bunyamin Abukan for his assistance and help during our stay; he did a lot for us, many thanks! Also, lobby bar waiter Ozkan Celik made our evening complete every day; a true hospitality man.   See you next year Seginus!

60. Yorum: Excellent stay staff very attentive and quick to serve and clean. Food is excellent and lots of choice. My one complaint is the activity staff pestered you to play games too much,however they did back off after being spoken too. Lots to do for the children great family hotel. I would have gave 5 stars but for the activity staff pestering us more than we were comfortable with the first few days. Some people just want to relax on holiday and do nothing and that's ok aswell.

61. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel in July 2017 (only been opened for two months) and it was a brilliant holiday. Yes, initially they had some minor issues with the service. The rooms are very spacious. The showers come with a steam room which was fantastic. Food was good and it changed each day. The restaurant does get quite busy so you have to time it right. The pools and the entertainment are all to a high standard. We went to Aska Lara this year but in my opinion, Royal Seginus is way better.

62. Yorum: It was only our first day here, a lovely big room, but so far so good, friendly staff, food nice, weather brill, will update when holiday is over, nearly at the end of our 2nd week now, staff still friendly, food ok, could due with being hotter, if you catch the food as soon as it's cooked your fine, doesn't stay hot in the food warmers, neither are plates kept warm,  as for snacks around the place, not a lot, mainly around the pool, ii the hotel, nothing by beach really, room great, only niggle is tv is reset, so can't use HDMI? Yes only a niggle, as I said before the staff are great and a real pleasure, Hotel should be proud., Update some bar staff can be rude, by just ignoring when you order I drink by serving younger females who just turns up, even thou there's a queue, trained bar staff should know better,

63. Yorum: Its not a 5 stars hotel as people say
Its my 4th night here
Im so unhappy
Rooms r big witch is good thing
Pool is small to other hotels
There no place to sit on the pool
People come at 6 am put there towels on chair so u cant have any left
When u ask staff about it he said nothing can do about it “he said just come on morning put towel as everybody “
I came here to have holiday and not thinking about anything why do i have to think of where to sit and come early to put towel to have place for me and my family
Food is normal like so normal even we didnt like it …
4th days in row same food every day nothing new
To many types of food and taste very normal
Wont recommend my friends to come here
Wifi is bad its break all time  u cant enjoy it …
Sea is so far away , after 8 u have no shuffle to take u so it will take much time 7-10 mins walking to get to the sea each way
Bars is normal
Room service is fine too
I tried to  switch hotel but unfortunately couldn’t find empty places ….
U need to pay for everything restaurants not enclouded
No energy drink … redbull for 3 euros
Activity is good for children not for adults
Its boring for adults
Pool activity main persons who make activities they r good
Staff with them almost do nothing all the time on there phones literally they r 80% the time on their phones ….”not doing thier job “
Pool activities is 3 times a day
Disco after 12 is open  empty all the time just few guys in ther …
Im just not happy with this experience  its bad holiday …
Staff asking for tip ….

64. Yorum: Royal Seginus is a place where you can feel like in home from first minutes. Staff treating guests with huge kindness and care. They were for us like best friends from first second ❤️Hotel is amazing! Rooms are very big and you can find there everything you need. In mini bar you can find water, juice, cola, beer and other drinks. Food - delicious and varied . Every day was planned with care. Heated pool was warm even in cooler days. Beach in this area is wide and clean.
For sure it wasn't our last time in this place.
Amazing holidays !

65. Yorum: It was such a good vacation and these 10 days have been the best . I made friends but also it was such a comfortable hotel for my family . Everything was good from food to the hotel room . The room was clean and very spacious. I want to mention the animation team which was the best team they were very entertaining and made us to have a good time every day and night spent there ! Looking forward to come back !

66. Yorum: Hotel is beautiful in terms of accommodation but the staff make or break the hotel. The welcome is warm. Minuses, however, are:

- gym has an irritating holder, unfriendly and unprofessional staff
- lighting and power points in the room few or defective
- access cards that do not always work
- complaints are heard but not fed back by reception

67. Yorum: One of the worst experience ever
I'm traveling almost monthly with my family
But I never felt unsafe as it happened with me in this hotel
Me and my wife and three kids booked in this hotel last week
For 7 hights
We take a complex room no 1955 (a&b)
Everything was going well untill the fifth day my daughter felt a little sick
So she prefer to stay at the room that day and me and the rest of my family went to the swimming suddenly my daughter (13) years old called me asking for help!!!
Unfortunately the houskeepr lady entered to clean up the room
And she was very angry for no reason..
The found my daughter alone then she forced her to clean the room with here
She screamed and keep saying bad words in a loud voice for my doughter
Then she through the pillow on my doughter's face and spat on the floor next to her
with a very bad behavior
then she closed the door strongly
my daughte kept crying all the time scaring that the women will come back
unfortunately i went to the guest realation and i make complain but no response at all
then i went to the police station
thay told me that if they want to open investigation it may takes time and they will take my daughter to the criminal department and making investigation
which may really makes her very scare
or they come with me to hotel
and this is what they done
a police man come with me and we met the operation manager and the guest relation manager
i explained everything in details
they promised that they will handle and solve this disaster
but unfortunately nothing happened
i will share this bad experience to all people every where
cause we never had this bad experience this in all hotels we've been in

68. Yorum: The transfer from the airport to the hotel was  quick and comfortable. Once reaching the hotel the staff welcomed us warmly and checked us in promptly without any problems. We had 2 deluxe rooms that were very clean and spacious. The jacuzzi was great to relax in the evening.  The resort itself was heavinly and catered for everyone's need. The staff were sometimes over friendly but other than that your in for a great time.

69. Yorum: Reception, service, employees, room cleaning are all of good quality. Enough things to do for the kids, but also enough space to relax and enjoy. One of the beter 5 star resorts with regards to price/quality.

I would deff. recommend this hotel.

70. Yorum: In my opinion, the most important thing that should be in a hotel is service. Service quality at this hotel is below average. Most of the staffs say that they are new and don't know anything. When telling they don’t know anything, they are in bad level as they don't know how to behave, what is where in the facility. There is a chef named “Bilal” who sits on pubs, he is such a disaster, I don’t think he knows this business.  If you need anything in the hotel there is nobody you can find such as a waitress or somebody. You always need to wait for the queue. When it comes to drinks I think it's the worst of all. I have never seen such a bad quality drink in ultra all-inclusive hotels. As a result, it is one of the rare facilities that I am not satisfied with. The price/benefit balance is below zero in my opinion

71. Yorum: For the first time and last time in Turkey !
First of all, the room and restaurants services is just 3-4 stars !

So expensive for this service what they offer !
The Bistro Buffet is so mediocre, the food is dry and outdated, one day before!!!

You stay a lot in the restaurant, very long stay to receive food !
Sometimes they put a lot of food in youre plate ! A lot of waste !

Sometimes the meat was burn outside and not cooked inside, so few variety of food, almost few days the same variety !

If you want to go to the trip they dont make you lunch box and you lose 1 or 2 meal !

The maid was doing greate job, the room and outside areas was so clean !

In the reception the personal was so ok !!!
The big minus is for the restaurants!

And be more careful with the rooms because the terrace door handle was broken, the towel was with little hole and also the blanket cover was with little hole in ! This things is not agree for 5 stars !
And in the room we had bag on the ceiling (on the smoke sensor) !

72. Yorum: It's my second day in Royal Seginus Hotel, rooms are big and very nice facilities (water games closed in winter).
lobby and view are incredible, their 3 times buffet in daily bases are variety of dishes, and very delicious.
employees are friendly except some of  reception employees 😅
Highly recommended.

73. Yorum: I stayed in July for 6 nights
Pros:
1. Water park was full of amazing slides for all ages, special area for children 3 y and above and another special area of water playground for babies 6 months - 3 years
2. Special area for children dinner and breakfast open 1/2 hour before regular dinner that was helpful with children
3. Amusement park was very entertaining for children and adults it was free.
4. Desserts and food on pool was good but I expected for better quality according to price I paid.
5. Large clean pools
6. Lot of space in rooms
7. Entertainment events for children

Cons:
1. Food wasn’t self service because of Covid-19, but that made long queues on food service.
2. No variation on food, the food wasn’t in high quality, I tried the Delphin Imperial and Selectum hotels before the food was way better.
3. When you order elevator, no indication lights that elevator arrived, you miss it because you couldn’t see all doors from one place.
4. Bars was very basic.
5. Price was expensive

74. Yorum: Hotel is stunning, staff great. Food hit and miss. Cocktails the worst ever!  Great for kids. Would recommend hotel but I wouldn't return, prefer other Turkish destinations.

75. Yorum: 5-star hotel located on Lara Antalya Beach.  An excellent hotel for all-inclusive families.  Lots of food at all hours of the day, slides and talk pools, a dining room for small children, a gym, a spa, a games room for children, a private beach for the hotel, most importantly the service from the hotel staff at an excellent level.  It is highly recommended

76. Yorum: Everything was perfect!! We'll come back, for sure!
All places were very clean, the staff all very nice, even if they don't understand and speak good english. Plenty of food and cakes. The Ultra all inclusive include even the international drinks!!

77. Yorum: Stayed here for 1 week early August 2022. Had some issues with the food but we didn't let this ruin our holiday. Beautiful gardens and pools and a must stay hotel.

78. Yorum: Amazing place. The people are so hospitable. The food is amazing.

Breakfast, around 30 dishes to choose from, not including salads.

Lunch, you have even more dishes to choose from.

Now come to the evening meal, there's more than you can eat. Every day there are different dishes, hats off to the chef's, they do an amazing job.

79. Yorum: Extremely dirty hotel. It is so crowded with so many children so noisy. You have to wait to have a dinner or breakfast around 5 to 10 minutes. Almost all of the dishes are cold. Even the steaks are served cold. The waiters are rude. It is impossible to find sun beds around the pool. None of the barmens know how to make cocktails.

80. Yorum: We have been second time here. Still great vacation, huge house with 60 qm rooms, nicely decorated, perfect for kinds and families, various and tasty food, frendly service. BUT the internet is a desaster - at the beach and pool area is a doesn't work most of the time at all, even in the rooms the connection getting lost every two minutes. FIX IT! in 2022 it's not acceptable to have an internet like in the ninetees!

81. Yorum: The hotel is elegant and the rooms are very spatious. The shower has sauna function also. The restaurant is good, the food is very tasty and variet. The main pool is big and there are many sun chairs, so you can find a place even if you are late in the morning.
As minus, there some problems with electricity, a few times a day, we had no power in the room and also the AC stops from time to time.
If you order some beverages either in the restaurant or lobby, you will have to wait for some time or to ask again.

82. Yorum: Only rooms are big everything else is vary bad. I saw people getting food by hand and trying the bread by hand if ist warm and leaving again in the same place(disgusting). No comment

83. Yorum: Great hotel, fantastic through and through

Children's fairground in the evening, toddlers splash park as well as the adults aqua park.

Entertainment during the day in the pool area as well is the evening at the auditorium.

Food is a little repetitive however hotel staff and service is outstanding.

If I was a vegetarian I would probably mark the hotel down one star, as cross contamination with the meat dishes and Veg dishes with the spoons and hand, serving was not nice for my wife.

84. Yorum: The Hotel looks Beautiful, rooms are huge and everything is kept very clean.

The pools are great.
The aqua park is great.
The beach and beach bar on the pier are great.
The entertainment team are excellent.

Bad points
You can't take food back to your sunbeds from the food corners around the pool.
Lack of serving and waiting staff in the restaurant. We regularly got our own drinks rather than waiting 10 minutes to be served.
Staff in the restaurants and bars are not particularly friendly and seem stressed. Most of them can't speak or understand English very well. It took about 6 attempts every morning to get sparkling water.
The hotel was only 2 thirds full and they couldn't cope with the amount of people, long queues etc...
Very cheap alcohol used, only a few of the barmen can make decent cocktails, very lazy and sloppy.

This hotel has only been open a year and staff are not very well trained. Maybe in a couple of years this hotel will be at 5* standard. We stayed at the Royal wings the week before and were invited to stay here for the rest of our holiday. The Royal wings has better staff and is a nicer place to be, the royal wings just needs a bit of a referb.

85. Yorum: The facility and location are nice, but the service is worse as how it can be worse. Also this place is serving ultra all-inclusive. There is a chef who is motivating employees by hand jokes whose name is Bilal and not mentioning the conversations with guests in an effort to prove themselves. Some bar tenders, some waitress, some serving employees are extremely disrespectful and inappropriate to call guests like brother, sister, youngsters, bro. Employees are trying to smoke cigarette and to talk with you by sitting at your table. Reporting this situation to the managers don’t bring the solution because it is not important for them. They say that they didn’t get any complaint and you are the first complaining about this. Shortly there is nobody to solve the problem you face in the hotel. Ultra all-inclusive service just by foods is not this, this is not correct, just hotel saying this. Shortly hotel in here was very terrible and complaints made to fix this didn’t work at all.

86. Yorum: I would not recommend it, the food doesn't have so much variety , and if you are a vegan it's horrible. And our entire family had food poisoning, and a lot of people in the hotel had we would see people feeling sick and the people that work here will tell you that unfortunately it is something normal, horrible. I will never come back here

87. Yorum: Everything was great about this beautiful hotel. My family had a lovely time. We would love to again very soon. Please put the heating on in the pools in October...

88. Yorum: Resort with lots of in house activities for family. Separate kids water park, carnival style rides and cafe available. In door and outdoor pools are also available. Rooms are large and very clean. Staff was helpful and courteous. The picture is from the hotel balcony.

89. Yorum: Amazing entertainment team ,air gun, aqua gym, dart's, yoga, pull games, party's etc Mr Pablo:),Alex, everybody sorry I don't know the names. Very good food GG to the chef's. I do recommend this hotel for family holidays.

90. Yorum: Loved this hotel and enjoyed a fantastic week there during October on an all inclusive basis.We had stayed at the Adalya Elite Lara in 2018 and were due to return but it got cancelled due to the Thomas Cook situation. When we tried to re-book, the Adalya was unavailable so we booked the Royal Seginus and we so glad we did. It was excellent and preferred the Royal Seginus and thought it had the edge on the Adalya. Check in was a breeze and we were delighted with our room which had loads of space including a separate dressing area, spacious shower room including built in sauna, large double bed, inclusive mini bar, balcony and great view of the pool area. The buffet is large and loud but the food was very fresh, tasted great and the staff were very attentive. There are live cooking stations and loads of choices so there should be something for everyone. Especially enjoyed the fish night, the Tex Mex night and the Italian night. All great. We tried two of the al a carte restaurants (steak house and the Italian) both were excellent and it made a very nice change from the buffet and were worth the extra charge. Both are 6 courses though so remember your appetite and a loose waistband! The all inclusive drinks seemed to be mostly local with the odd brand thrown in but we couldn't have complained about anything that we were given and really enjoyed the cocktails and the sparkling wine in particular. The pool area has lots of beds and we had no trouble getting a space. The water slides were great fun and the lifeguards are very tuned in and take little nonsense without spoiling anyone's fun. All the kids seemed to enjoy the water slides and splash areas. The food at the pool consists of a large cafe area with different sections which open at staggered times. Choices include fresh pizza, nuggets, Turkish flatbread, kebabs, fruit, salad, coffee and cake, ice cream, waffles and traditional Turkish stuffed pancake things which are cooked to order. All very tasty and very fresh. We had our 8 year old son in tow and he loved the funfair too especially the bumper cars but sharpen up those elbows and watch for those jumping the queues and pushing in. It goes on a lot. We really enjoyed the lobby bar. The staff were excellent there and always made sure we were topped up. The evening  entertainment at the pool side is pretty decent and can get a bit lively but all good fun. We only saw one show at the theatre but it was of a decent standard. Overall we'd definitely return to this hotel and found it hard to fault anything. We ate well, drank well, had a great room, the hotel was sparkling clean and the staff were all lovely. A big thumbs up.

91. Yorum: Even though we had an overall good experience, there was a completely annoying situation and reason for my rating.  My husband and daughter had an accident on one of the slides, they fell out of the inflatable  and were trying to get out of the slide area, the girl was crying because of the strong hit on hear head and the people in charge let more people jump, my husband had to dodge those who came as best he could and then came the lifeguard to yell at him, asking him to leave the area without giving any help, my husband explained that they had an accident and the man continues to scream at him, came another one and started yelling at him in Turkish...  On the other hand, I was queuing at the hotel doctor who is not from the hotel but external to book the PCR test appointment, when they came to tell me what happened,  hot attention and were charged € 110 per person,  our money and cards were on the room so nurse did not want to give me the appointment for the test until we paid, despite I was two hours waiting...I recommen to better look for another hotel option,  in the area there are many hotels and thus take care not to damage your vacation.

92. Yorum: Great hotel with 24h ultra all inclusive. Rooms are huge , great house keeping, each day they refill the fridge in your room. I recommend lighting the green button for house keeping service in your room. Great food they have.

93. Yorum: Turkish hotels 5 star are the best,

94. Yorum: good morning everyone, it seems to me a very bad thing that people go to put the towel on the deck and then go away for the whole day.
If you are not in the pool, what is the point of occupying the deck chairs?
Please, our vacation is over now, but such a thing is not acceptable.
Sorry for the inconvenience. Happy holidays!

95. Yorum: The facilitites are great, rooms are quite big and comfy, BUT and that's a big one - the service is one of the worst I've experienced. They are heavily understaffed, getting something to eat in the restaurant is a nightmare!
I wouldn't recommend this hotel, definitely not worth the money.

96. Yorum: New hotel.   New staff, still training.   Luxurious rooms.    Duplex PERFECT for teenagers.  Good menu.  Loads to eat.   Some electrical problems.  Great pools and slides. Could be better entertainment choice at nights,  spend some money on it.

97. Yorum: Amazing hotel, absolutely stunning!!!
Rooms were clean and spacious.
One thing i wasnt happy about was not having a iron in my and the service takes a long time to bring clothes back so had to walk around with creased clothes.
On the way from the airport to the hotel the thomas cook rep said that if you like the transfer guys service tip him bearing in mind we have paid for transfers, we decided not to tip him and see how he was at the end. As we came out the coach he was looking and smiling at all those who tipped him when he saw we didnt tip him, he had a go at us with the face on and pointed out that the tip box was there. He was very dissapointed and showed little intrest im helping us with our bags.
At the hotel service can be slow, with waiters having faces on at times.
Food is okay but not great and lacks flavour.
I dont see why most facility's had to be down  just because it wasnt a busy season i felt like i missed out abit.
Pool inside was really cold and needed to be alot warmer.
Some customers got special treatment with fruit baskets and champagne, extra toiletries ect, we didnt so again felt left out.
Overall a great 5 star hotel but if they iron out all the other issues they would have got a 5 from me

98. Yorum: Pro: Nice hotel, Huge rooms, very clean, sun beds and shade on the beach, also very clean, stuff wearing gloves and masks, changing beach  towels every day, shuttle bus to the beach
Cons: not to many food choices (no food for vegetarians, or allergies) just 1 or 2 choices. Not too many fruits choices, the program for kids attractions was from 14-16.30 when usually the kids are sleeping. The water on the beach is very deep ...in 2 m from the shore the water is already 2m deep. Not baby friendly. Stuff not speaking english. Repetitive food choices, every day the same thing. the beach is quite far

99. Yorum: Big modern, new hotel, with fantastic BIG rooms... Food is AMAZING, Staff are soo friendly, attentive, and helpful, hotel is out of this world... fab pools, slides are great, everyone loves a funfair, and kids water climbing frames are a big hit, with adults and kids lol... yummy cocktails... having moved here from another hotel, which was appalling, I can safely say it was the best decision ever! I have never returned to a hotel, but this one I would in a heart beat. Only downside is not very good sea view, but sometimes u can't have it all, and all the rest more than makes up for this!

100. Yorum: This was the first hotel I visited with my family when we gone to Turkey, the staff are nice, events go on non-stop, food is amazing, but waterslides could be improved by a bit.

Not much complaints, wonderful hotel and I promise you, you won’t regret visiting it.

101. Yorum: We had a bad experience with a taxi driver which has been ordered through the hotel “reception”. After we left the hotel on 25th December with the taxi, then the taxi rejected to turn on the taxi meter and asked us to leave the taxi around 500m from the hotel. We have reported the case to the hotel because the taxi was called through them but they haven’t take any action. We felt insulted and the hotel shall make sure that the taxi company follow the rules to maintain tourism in Antalya.
The hotel is clean with steam in each room but there is no much activities except DJ or live music at Skyline bar.
The swimming pool is very cold and also the jacuzzi is cold.
The food is the same everyday. I would recommend to change the food so residents wouldn’t get bored.

102. Yorum: From the moment we first entered the hotel, our opinion about the hotel has more or less appeared. We carried our luggage ourselves while going to the room at the hotel, it may not be important. Anyone did not even come and describe the hotel, our first day was spent getting to know the hotel. The staff shortage in the hotel is very obvious, you are waiting everywhere. Employees do not know how to address the guests, they are crossing the line by addressing you like “youngsters, bro, my friend”. Employee tries to sit at your table and light cigarettes, faces are already sullen. Employee has to know how to appeal guest regardless of the price in a business, especially if here is a hotel, a 5 star hotel. Among the employees, animator is Nevzat, bar chef is Bilal, life guard is the curly one, these are just the faces that I recall the names. There is also someone standing in guest relations, there is the place for to assist the guests, they even don’t know how to appeal guests so they will start assisting me. We couldn’t get any service during our 3 days holiday at this hotel. Of course, there are some good employees among them, but I was generally disappointed.

103. Yorum: Very nice hotel, I was very satisfied, it's a place that everyone should go, thank you very much, good for the interest

104. Yorum: Nice hotel and very nice service. The food is very good.

105. Yorum: We have been to more then 10 resorts in Antalya but Royal Seginus alongside Royal Holiday Palace are in top of the list. Great choice of food and drinks. Luxury and spacious rooms. Pools, bars, restaurants and plenty activities for kids and adults. Staff from cleaning team to waiters are working hard, maybe not everyone speak your language but their do their job. The only down is the reception team wich i find that are are not very experienced to deal with different problems.

106. Yorum: My first time in this place. To be honest I wasn't really sure about which hotel to choose in this area and I saw that online with the recommendation of a website. Every single stuff is wearing masks in the hotel and you will able to find disinfection in every single corner and people are working with social distancing . Anyway I just want to text about my holiday. First of all I like to food I like the interest of the stuff and especially the entertainment team. There were  people in the hotel and  football teams but we still got great hospitality from every single member of entertainment team. I like the restaurant and the waiters in the restaurant the bar stuff was gentle and ladies. I like the room it was quite huge and clean and cosy. Housekeeping works hard. During our stay we have joined to dart activity and table tennis and some table games everyday with Ibo , and we had a chance to join step aerobic activity with Seda which was so much kind of fun. To be honest we never get bored at the evening time because there was a DJ performance for sometime  and the DJs music was quite good for us so thanks to him Emre ! I've met with the entertainment manager mr. Mustafa and he was very gentleman and interested with us. Probably that's all I can say about my holiday but I want to give some special thanks to some stuff in the hotel .

Ibo from entertainment team.
Seda from entertainment team
Muku from entertainment team
DJ Emre
Medeni from main restaurant

I will definitely come back in the summer .

107. Yorum: Really nice hotel decor 10/10
Staff - some staff are not so friendly. Very few that is. Majority of the staff very welcoming.
Food - Steak was really nice 8/10
Rest of the food was good can't knock it, not amazing but good.
Desserts - Spoilt for choice. 7-8/10
Lara beach is very close, literally walk it in maximum 5mins. But they have a electric Buggy service which holds 10 people and gets u there in about under 2 mins.
Pools - 8-9/10 children's pool really good with slides.
Adults slides are also good.
There is a Lunar park for the kids which is like a funfair very decent.
Also have activities at the pool through out the day.
Gym - 10/10 top quality gym
Spa - 10/10 has Sauna, Steam room and Turkish bath and relaxation room. Oh Yeh changing rooms to.
Kids restaurant is really good they have separate restaurant if u wish to use it.
Medical room - doctor on-sight
Room service - 9/10 very good and nice and tidy
Bedrooms - 9/10 you have your own steam room in the bathroom.
Outside decor - 9/10

108. Yorum: I cannot find any bad things in my staying at Royal Seginus
All staff are very funny and helpful
Only one bad thing that I couldn't control my self in resturant
Amazin open buffet food, dessert, drinks and ice-cream
It was winter visit but the swimming pools, fitness area, games area and dancing area were full
I will keen to visit it all my next trips to Antalya

109. Yorum: I am visiting Turkey for 10 years in a row for summer holiday, and this is the worst experience. This shouldnt be mentionet as a Ultra All Inclusive hotel. After 2pm there is nothing to eat until the dinner, the kids were hungry. You have ice cream only two hours a day.. You cant take food to the poll areas. There isnt any food at the beach and the beach bar for drinks works to 6pm.
Not valued for the money!

110. Yorum: First of all, the majority of the staffs were very friendly and proactive. The communication in English wasn't easy, almost only the reception desk could understand.
For a 5 star hotel, specifically all inclusive, they have only 1 option of gluten free breed. For the rest of the food, they just put something like " if you have allergy, don't eat anything". If you try to ask they unfortunately cannot understand you. If you are have gluten allergy this isn't a place for you.
The gym is good. Good infrastructure, but it is only open from 8am until 19:30.
There is no iron in the room, and they cannot provide you one.
The restaurant is good, the food is almost the same everyday, but it was ok. They need to wash better the salad and vegetables, I found, not once, some bugs!
If you are used to all inclusive hotels from Punta Cana, Mexico or Asia this will not be the same.

111. Yorum: The best hotel and best Holiday I've had so far. Well done to the owners and management for not cutting corners and there is nothing to complain about he even if you tried to pick on something, you really couldn't find anything. Thanks to all the staff in every department who always stayed on their toes to ensure customer satisfaction. Special thanks to our pool watier ORHAN CAKIR who ensured to keep us hydrated throughout the day with refreshments and always delivering a service with a smile.

I'm recommending this resort to all friends and family.

5 Stars Well Deserved

112. Yorum: We were really satisfied with yhe hotel, the beach, pools and the whole territory 8n general! Very child friendly, lots of amusement, tasty various food, spacious rooms! Love it👍 …

113. Yorum: Half way through our holiday we now know our way around this fabulous hotel. Within 30 minutes of the airport having dropped guests off at 3 other hotels first. The hotel, facilities and staff have without exception measured up well to expectations. The food and service is fantastic. The only issues that have arisen are largely due to the language barrier, which for the most part we managed to over come.
My wife broke a crown so we were looking for dental treatment, we were advised that dental specialist was 15Km away and would cost 35€ each way plus cost of treatment. There is a dental practice 2.2Km away. Kundudental Zahnklinik. First class treatment and new crown fitted the same day.

114. Yorum: Very poor wifi connection for 5 star hotel!!! Sometimes I can’t connect for couple hours. Today we didn’t have wifi connection and stuff didn’t care about that. Also it was impossible for me to connect from the pool or beach. Food is delicious, everyday you have diferent menu. SPA is not real SPA, for some reason they are closing indoor pool so you can’t use it?! When you ask stuff about services that they should provide they just say ask reception. I think that have so many guest and they don’t care about services that they should provide. Market in hotel is very expensive!
Also shows in Royal Arena are not suitable for kids and they should write that on posters! Beach is ok. Place for kids is very good, girls in that area are very very good!!! Outdoor polls are very big problem because there is not enough place for visitors and umbrellas. People are “booking” places with towels early in the morning and we couldn’t find places for us at 10:00 am. It is very frustrating when you see other guest “fighting” for umbrellas and places in all inclusive hotel! If you ask me they need to work much more to become 5 star hotel. It is just commercial. Sound isolation of rooms is terrible. I heard people on the floor fighting because of lot of noise. They should seperate families with small and big kids and also couples like they did in the restaurant. Maybe we will come again but for sure now we have experience and know what to do next time!

115. Yorum: Animation useless. It is animation that are on holiday here. No interest in guests. Animator states its a businessman hotel, but is sold to you as holiday hotel. I have been many times to Stone Group Hotels. This will be my last time. 10 more long days in this dump. Room 1745

116. Yorum: Professional, high quality, good restaurant with a lot of choice. People who work here are very kind.

However, the rooms are so noisy, it seems the walls are paper, we live with the other and we can hear everything, very annoying.

117. Yorum: One of the best hotels for kids in Antalya , great food great hospitality great aqua park

118. Yorum: it is the best hotel ever , the food is more delicious, everything is perfect

119. Yorum: Me and girlfriend stayed here for 7 nights and it was one of the best hotel we have ever been too. The people are great and the room was outstanding will definitely be coming back. 5 stars

120. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel last October. Everything is superlative. Welcoming and attentive staff, large and clean rooms, excellent food, large pools and enough places on sunbeds, in a word excellent! I arrived here after another vacation at the Royal TajMahal and I can say that the Stone group hotels are special. For these reasons, I chose to return to the Royal Seginus this year. Unfortunately, I missed the holiday in June due to the current world situation, but I still have a vacation in September and I hope to arrive again. My regret is that I failed to link the two vacations, to make two, one of 14 nights. Which happened due to the travel agency and not the hotel. But I can't wait to get there again (even for 7 nights !!!! - for such services, 7 nights seems few) I highly recommend the Stone Group hotels

121. Yorum: Very nice hotel, food buffet had lots on the menu, kids club as activities everyday and a show every night to keep adults entertained.
Personally I think this is a great location for young adults or those with older kids.  If you are coming with very young kids 0-5, I would say that in the Lara area in general there are lots of hotels all crammed into on strio and comparing this to the voyage Belek I went to last year space is a bit tighter and noticeable for me in lara.  Also pools are not heated after march coming in early may the pools are also very cold, assume in peak this isn't a problem.  There's also a funfair here but rides are not suitable for under three (hence my comments around the very young ones).  I went for the duplex and it was great and staff are friendly and interested in keeping you comfortable.

122. Yorum: Lovely hotel and exactly what we required for our holiday. Although there is a tipping culture, it seems that IF you tip, then you receive the BASE level of service.

123. Yorum: This is the second time we stayed in this hotel because all the other hotels in de area need a restoration and this one is new but this hotel had a lot too learn how to treath there costumers.
The animation team is one of the badest teams I have ever seen we have visited all hotels on the strip and the animation teams Will walk around in the morning to take the kids to the mini club and let them have a great time, here they dont care my childern did not even know they excisted.
Costumer services is bad, they dont inform people you have the availblity to visit all royals if you like.
For people who come for the second time there Will be a special treat like wine in there room ,seginus bathrope , fruitbasket I can Tell you we did not receive 1 of them!!!!!
Room cleaning the hole week that we where there the mirrors and Windows  where not Cleaned
When we complained all of this issues they looked at my face like I was telling them rubbish!?

124. Yorum: 3 stars for service. The location is not really good and their definition of sea view room is somewhat different from the rest of the world... (See pic of see view) and here i was really trying to take a pic of sea... But you can see just other hotel which stands in front of you...
In my opinion it should be priced cheaper...

125. Yorum: Lovely family hotel. The staff were really friendly and helpful. Some went above and beyond. We felt really looked after.

126. Yorum: New, almost perfect. The food are super, enough place for sitting, fast service. The aquapark and lunapark are really good. Only a pool around 80cm is missing for the childrens. (there are only smaller and deeper - 140 cm)

127. Yorum: The best experience ever. Wonderful family oriented place. The kids loved the water park

128. Yorum: It's a new hotel. The rooms are very very big with a great shower with wet sauna included. The food is amazing, the best food I ever had in a 5 star hotel in Turkey. The waiters are very very nice specially in the lobby bar and main restaurant. The drinks are ok but you will not have free 12 years whiskey or premium cognac and vodka like in other good five stars hotel. The pools are a little small and what I saw there are not enough sunlounges when the hotel is full. The animation during the day take part in the smallest pool, so clearly this is a downside. The Seginus arena where shows take place is not so good. You have to sit on some wooden banch which are putet directly over concrete(like in old stadium). There is a small fair with few attractions for the kids-all free of charge so this is a plus. A downsize of this hotel is the parking wich is outside the hotel near the main bulevard, and the indoor swimming pool wich is not heated. It's incredibly that a five star hotel has such worse indoor swimming pool. The beach is small but clean with a wonderful peer. Overall its a good hotel if you catch a great price.

129. Yorum: Very modern place, large pools, lots of space and sun beds, rooms are incredible. Food is a buffet which has many options and tastes great, which is included in the all inclusive, unless you choose the a la carte restaurants which are order off menu etc. Water slides are great fun for all with daring rides for adults and older children, whereas there are tamer rides for younger children as well as a water 'splash' area, as well as a similar thing for younger children.

There are activities throughout the day including archery, air rifle, aqua gym, aqua aerobics and many more. In the evening you have a choice of the funfair or an evening show such as the circus or a brilliant comedy show put on by the animation team, my favourites are Sam and Nemo, they're just hilarious 😂

There are also two Bazaars in the near vicinity of the hotel, one about 1-2 minutes away by foot and the other about 10-15 minutes. Be careful getting cash in a hurry though as when I went, the ATM across the road was out of order and I had to sprint to the further away bazaar. Talking about sprinting, there is a fully equipped gym with all the new high tech treadmills, cross trainers, excersise bikes, and other weight trainers, leg press, dumbbells etc.

We didn't see much of the beach as it's almost all covered by a canopy, and the sand is quite dark looking, so the only time we stayed there was for the evening beach party, which was pretty insane.

All in all, I had a great week's holiday in our duplex, though there seems to be a lack of outlets/sockets. However I got a nice tan, and the ability to order drinks & food without cash or any transaction is brilliant, though PLEASE DON'T FILL YOUR PLATE AND NOT EAT IT, IT'S SUCH A WASTE! AND TO THINK ABOUT ALL THE CUPS & BOTTLES CHUCKED AWAY, AT LEAST MAKE THEM RECYCLABLE 😠

130. Yorum: Service is very poor,  staff is rude and not caring.  Food is mediocre nothing special.  Staff at the restaurant treat you like  if you are homeless, begging for food. Will not recommend this hotel. Not worth the money

131. Yorum: Really nice hotel, just a shame the pool was so cool we could hardly use it, even the kids pools and indoor. Service was a mixture.

132. Yorum: Poor service WiFi rubbish house keeping was non existent begging for toilet rolls and water bearing in mind it was 40 degrees every day all got food poisoning in the Turk restaurant hotel not interested we ended up eating out after paying for all inclusive would not recommend this hotel at all !!!

133. Yorum: I went to 5 different hotels in Antalya. This is so far the best one. The hotel is clean, the stuff friendly and you have everything you want. The rooms are new build and it is a real pleasure

134. Yorum: Excellent well appointed accommodation with polite understanding staff.  The menus are fantastic and the waterspouts and beach & Pier facilities are wonderful too.  A great holiday experience for two adults and a teenager.

135. Yorum: Hotel is Beautiful with amazing rooms, resturants and food are Awesome so much choice and quality food loved the buffet.  Pools and pier are fabulous and staff can't do enough especially the entertainment team particular Fatos & Halibut lovely girls 😊 …

136. Yorum: What a lovely place to stay ! Enjoyed the food and entertainment, brilliant location as everything is close by. Would give it a 5 star but sometimes A.C. would turn off randomly & pools are really cold. Could've atleast have a heated indoor pool but I did enjoy my stay !

137. Yorum: Would recommend to anyone facilities are great

138. Yorum: Beautiful hotel. The rooms are awesome. The pool is big. The water was cold in first 4 days then started to get warmer. The staff and services are very wick and bad. I needed a doctor and they called me from the pier to the hotel (40° outside and far from hotel) and then send me back because the lady from guest relations couldn't find the doctor and said to me to go back and she will call me later (the hotel is far from the private pavillions on the pier). She was rude and unhelpfull. Is the solid lady named Yuri if I remember well.. I was injured on the stairs of private pavilion I had rented because the stairs were full of hedgehog-like plants that stung very hard. Basically it was the hotel fault but the lady from guest relations didn't cared, she told me I should pay the doctor (after I payed the pavilion too) and then the doctor wasn't there! Shame on you. 5 star hotel and no doctor at 12 in the afternoon. And the stairs not to be cleaned of this toxic plants. I was scared because nobody could tell me what kind of plant is that and I will be ok+ pain. All my day was ruined. As long as you don't have a problem or need something, they pretend are interested but when you need to solve one, they are totally uninterested and rude!

139. Yorum: Great hotel for a holiday of a week. Wouldn’t spend more days in here. Its a new hotel and you can see that in everything. Service is not very greats. Staff is helping local people first, which is not fair to me.

140. Yorum: Amazing hotel. Sad we're almost to the end of our holiday but we will be back next year. Thanks to the staff and a big shout out to the entertainments team who make your holiday experience the best I've had in any hotel.

141. Yorum: This hotel charged me 150 euros extra when I got there because I didnt have a European passport. I paid in full before i left my country but they did not want to hear anything about it. They eventually refunded after calling the ministry of tourism in Turkey and my travel agent trying to sort it with them. Be careful of this place they are crooks.

142. Yorum: It was a bad experience because i was stolen from the employee of the hotel at the beach several times and i complained to the customer service without any response also I also wrote an email to the mother company without any response so everyone wants to stay at this hotel be careful

143. Yorum: One of the best 5* in Lara, Antalya. Opened in 2017, it was our second stay.  Big, clean rooms, I like specially the "standard" family rooms, which are a 2x 60sqm duplex, with two spacious room and 2 bath room, separate toilet upstairs (parents room), both rooms has an inside secondary door for your privacy ;-) Ultra all inclusive: so big choice of foods, just 15-20 different main courses / diner, 50-60 cakes, sweets, a tons of salads. Local turkish, arabic and european cuisine. As this is a kid friendly hotel, a big choice of food for kids as well. Even there is a restaurant for the youngest with small tables and chairs. There is a food court on pool side open from 11am-16pm with toast, pizzas, french fries, oinon rings, chicken and fish fries, döner, sandwiches, backed potato, Turkish pizza, gözleme, pancakes and waffle, icecream, fruits. So, after one week, you won't fit any of your clothes :-) And all foods are very delicious! Bravo chef!
Drinks: soft - Pepsi products and juices, coctails and in alcoholic whatever you wants.
A lot of pools, water playgrounds for babies, youngs and a super waterpark with slides. They have a pier on the sea side, you can make funny jumpin sessions to the sea from 2-3m heigh.
Evening you can enjoy a Lunapark with 6-8 attractions and events like pier party (don't skip it), circus, dance shows etc.
All the team is Pro and friendly, even they are working day and night from April to October.
Optional excursion: don't miss the rafting tour.

144. Yorum: Everything was great about this hotel. Just wish the staff were more happy, otherwise everything else is lovely.

145. Yorum: The hotel was immaculate the service was amazing the staff so friendly and attentive my only gripe would be the food very repetitive and catered for the European clients more and the quite pool and jacuzzi is closed from April to October but my overall experience 11 nights of luxury

146. Yorum: We have had a fantastic time, good food, fantastic service, I recommend visit Teppanyaki restaurant very impressive and extremely delicious. Perfect place for family, rooms are very good size family one , big shower and steam room you don't need go to spa or sauna which  down it's to expansive for Turkish sauna and massage 30 min €45 , I can do a fantastic day out 1 hours spa plus one hour professional massage therapy here for this money at UK. So we know guys it's to expansive to treat people like this put your price down and make business or you will be empty like this all the time and go around to ask people to come, if you put good prices people come to you them self. Also gym very good I am enjoying my training, I recommend this resort and if you are looking for spa look something out of resort price are much cheaper out, same in resort they sell you one pack of sigarets for 40 liras and outside few miters from resort its 14 liras hahaha, same with taxes oposite of resort they try take so much money from you €65 for going Lara shopping center, normal taxy about 50 liras but you don't need even get taxis there bus stop and bus back to back for 4 of us was about 20 liras so of we go save your money and be smart don't let them do treat you bad it's very cheap country and very shame that they lied so much if they do normal and nice everyone will give tips on top, but instead they get not much people who use they service.

147. Yorum: This is a lovely hotel. Lots of swimming and water park, it's shame in the evening was slightly ABIT Boring.

148. Yorum: service very bad food more poisons than food we were all exhausted for 5 days we could not live on their food the only place where you should not go they are really frivolous among the poisoned food there were also children a shame

149. Yorum: This hotel was amazing the beds were really comfortable and the service is really good the food was delicious the shows were really nice and fun I had so much fun in the aqua park everything was fantastic!

150. Yorum: Im am now staying in the hotel. Wow the rooms the lobby.pools very very good. All workers work very hard too clean the hotel but the people are very dirty . If they control childrens and selfs will be so much clener. The.hotel in very big and new

151. Yorum: my guest was sooo happy with the hotel. thanked me many times

152. Yorum: Hotel was amazing, the staff were lovely and the food would suit anyone.

153. Yorum: Had the most amazing time
pools clean
food was delish
a little away from the main buzz but a 15 min walk at most
rooms amazing

154. Yorum: Very nice hotel with big room lots of pools and slides loads to do we will be going back 8n the future

155. Yorum: The services here are absolutely amazing, the people here welcome you like a family and make you feel at home the people at fancy diamond and Benetti bags and shoes as well as the other places offer amazing prices and services, highly recommend trying these places out!

156. Yorum: 5+ stars hotel. We stayed therr for my wife  birthday. They surprise us in this day. My wife got 🍷 and sweet to room.

157. Yorum: This is the worst hotel I ever seen , I booked a room since June for me and my family in booking . Com and as every body knows internallially that a 10 years old child is achild not adult , we were comming from istanbul to that hotel after a day long tired with the children and we reached at 6:pm very tired , there is chief manager called Murat .. very bad in dealing he refuse to let us check in and wants us to pay more 750 euro for our stay for 5 nights which will coast us 3000 dirhams extra which is not not fair as the room was so spacious for all of us , he insist and wants to obligate us to pay this amount or he will cancel the reservation , we are tourist and we don’t have more money and we don’t have place to go , he cancelled the reservation when we refuse to pay , and even all the managers there didn’t help us when we asked for there help as really the room was spacious and I have a kid 10 years old , they get us out of the hotel at 8:pm with our luggage and children , and all hotels were full and no net with us , but we found a cafe near by and thanks god we found a room in better hotel and bigger which is Rixos sungate with cheaper offer , they were so kind to us Rixos ... to all Arabs who are comming to Lara , please avoid Royal Seginus hotel and never reserve in it ... to avoid this way of treatment , although the hotel is nice and the rooms are spacious but the management ( all we saw of them ) specially this man ( Murat) are very bad in dealing , no humanity in there hearts . Please avoid this hotel so you will not be in our shoes any time . Amal hussein

158. Yorum: It was very luxurious and great value for money.The staff are really friendly,happy to help and serve you.

159. Yorum: Beautiful hotel new. Good fresh food nice beach and pools friendly staff OK entertainment had a great atmosphere five star Turkish rated four star in UK imo

160. Yorum: Amazing hotel! Food, rooms, staff, pools, entertainment, everything was amazing. Could not fault it at all. Cannot wait to go again.

161. Yorum: Fantastic hotel. Amazing, hardworking staff! Lots of choices food wise. Had a wonderful time & would return!

162. Yorum: Horrible experience, the staff at the reception were very rude and racist. I came from America in hopes to stay a few days in Antalya, but the hotel service was so horrible I left right there and then. If you are coming from Europe or America, I wouldn’t recommend staying at this hotel.

163. Yorum: I had a fantastic massage experience at Royal Seginus. I particularly want to mention about Nesrin who was very professional. After my first appointment with Nesrin, I immediately took the next appointment based on her availablity.

164. Yorum: We have been to lots of hotels in Lara beach area and there have been lots of good waiters and waitress this lady Ebru Yetgin is amazing she is always happy and smiling and goes that extra mile to serve you and make your time a very good one

165. Yorum: Just got home after a week with my husdand  royal seginus  hotel lovely  staff want to do everything  for you  very happy to help well worth a look its beautiful  food all drinks pools beach bars rooms are lovely  very clean great standards  5 stars entertainment   team very nice all work so hard to please  everyone   truly enjoyable  Holliday  met some really nice people  management  are happy  to be there for you too anytime Will look forward to seeing you all again soon 😁

166. Yorum: This hotel was amazing and I challenge anyone to disagree. The food service was 1st class a pool to die for and the beach was brilliant as for the room duplex  style was fantastic 😎😎😎 …

167. Yorum: Deluxe rooms are 5 star plus huge separate master bedroom and living area whirlpool spa en suite bathroom master bedroom with en suite bathroom also off living room area this is a suite not a hotel room as described 4 massive interconnecting pools 2x water parks 2 x quiet pools currently staying here had a whole pool area to ourselves today staff are excellent and work very hard to please cannot recommend this hotel enough not cheap but you get what you pay for only opened in may 2017

168. Yorum: Wow an amazing hotel, plenty of food choices, clean and lots of pools to choose from. Football pitch, funfair and its own beach, ideal for kids of all ages.

169. Yorum: Very nice hotel would visit again but the air conditioning needs attention in rooms,

170. Yorum: Wow wow wow . Retail shopping centre inside. Amazing pools . Kiss restaurant and amazing room. The bathrooms have steam functions within the shower. Food is so much choice

171. Yorum: Food was awful . Snacks lunch time were cold chips & chicken , half of the snacks weren't even open...... swimming pools absolutely freezing .. evening entertainment  was awful , we love antalya hotels but will definitely not be coming back to this one !!!!!!!

172. Yorum: Great hotel. It was at capacity so very busy but the staff worked exceptionally hard to try and keep everyone happy

173. Yorum: Really nice hotel, only thing is they don't cater much for people from UK. All in all i would go back.

174. Yorum: Hotel excellent very comfortable very clean personal very serviceable choices of food every night cuisine exceptional it's a must I am with family an it's a pleasure to stay in this beautiful hotel...

175. Yorum: Is good and big rooms and food is good rooms is clean but internet doesn't work outside.they dont fill mini bar sometimes, animation team is not that good.... i won't come here anymore.

176. Yorum: The hotel was fantastic but the service zero they didn't have enough staff on hand and although they say all inclusive you have to pay for premium drinks the guest relations in charge was very incoperativ and rude!!!!

177. Yorum: Hotel/Resort is Wow!  Amazing design and set out with Lots to keep entertained and Food variety is unbelievable awesome.
A High end hotel for sure.... Recommended!!!

178. Yorum: A great hotel with a abundance of food and drink  choices from coctails to ice coffees .The rooms are superb very modern with all the amenities.

179. Yorum: Nice place.
Pro - Big rooms. Good food. Very clean.
Cons - Slow internet. Not on the beach.

180. Yorum: Best service ever! This hotel rocks!!!
Loved the food, attractions and the children facilities!

181. Yorum: Unreal hotel. Perfect for families. Tones to do for the kids. Staff are amazing without being OTT. Rooms are immaculate. Will return.

182. Yorum: Amazing time,amazing hotel. The staf was incredibile, so nice. The room was always clean. Best food ever.

183. Yorum: We were there for 10 days , I think it is a very good hotel , good stuff , good food, everything great, see you again for couple years maybe , who knows...

184. Yorum: Luvly hotel.Massive tho.Food was nice and bedrooms were fab with steam shower.Wasn't impressed with choice of alchohol or cocktails on offer and evening meal was a little chaotic in the main restaurant.Plenty of food choice throughout the day.Would go back

185. Yorum: It has a very good business with friendly staff and cleanliness.

186. Yorum: Modern building, spacious rooms, interesting facilities, children's playgrounds, well equipped fitness center, green spaces, an interesting pontoon etc. A modern 5-star hotel with nothing extravagant.

187. Yorum: Great facilities, great food. You can stay for a week and not get bored without leaving the grounds

188. Yorum: There from 20 to 27th Dec 2018
Lazy entertainment staff
Not much for evenings entertainment a dull experience sorry. The hotels nice tho

189. Yorum: Great hotel ,great service I really enjoyed with my family.  Lovely holidays thanks to all royal segnius staff ,miss you all 😍😍😍😍😍🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉 …

190. Yorum: Missing attention to detail for a 5 star Hotel, staff often rude and dismissive, needs updating in parts.
No allergy information or even detail of what a lot of the restaurants food actually is.

191. Yorum: Great hotel. Good service and quality food. Spacious  clean rooms

192. Yorum: Very poor hotel , you cannot give it 5 stars and it is not worth the money which you pay , conditions is very bad ,staff is not speak english , pools and facilities are not interesting and as Antalya hotels standards, I don’t recommend it

193. Yorum: The most beautiful hotel and the kindest staff of a beautiful restaurant with magnificent interior architecture

194. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very nice staff, we were glad to stay there.

195. Yorum: Chicken and meat taste very bad
But the room its very nice and beatfull

196. Yorum: The staff was extremely pleasant, and the food was delicious. All seemed to be in order, and look perfect.

197. Yorum: The internt is very bad. You sounds pay för spa and Turkisk hammam  not all included in program.

198. Yorum: Brilliant holiday at the Royal Seginus Hotel Great staff very friendly
And the lady that cooked the Gaousum were first class
The jetty out to sea was wonderful
Will be back next year

199. Yorum: The hotel is very good and very high quality.

200. Yorum: Great service, delicious food, comfortable rooms, worm, quite and wonderful amenities

201. Yorum: Absolutely stunning hotel food off the scale,staff ok

202. Yorum: Never get anything better than this package
Great experience
Everything for Holidays under one booking
Just get there and forget about any haste
Nice people, great variety of food, fun & enjoyment

203. Yorum: Very good and beautiful hotel, very nice service, perfect mood to relax.

204. Yorum: Very beautiful hotel and newly build too :) Food was very good and rooms were very clean ;)

205. Yorum: Very beautiful place, the recreation places like pools, slides, etc. and the food are all very good I would go back once again.

206. Yorum: Go to the spa the girl with the butterfly tattoo amazing at Turkish bath and Swedish massage best I’ve ever had amazingly relaxing another level

207. Yorum: Hotel looks really really nice, food is not that good and the staff needs some more training.

208. Yorum: excellent hotel, clean, staff very friendly food lovely ,animation team great

209. Yorum: New hotel opened in May 2017, clean,spacious rooms ,variety and tasty food, free wifi, best decision!

210. Yorum: This is a great hotel. Staff are brill. Entertainment was good. Food good. Recommend

211. Yorum: 5 stars because FC Minaj🇺🇦 was kicked off the russian Shinnik) …

212. Yorum: I would definitely recommend  this hotel, can't fault it

213. Yorum: The hotel, room, staff and food are great but it's not on the beach and you have to pay extra for a la carte

214. Yorum: food is amazing. could be the best in antalya

215. Yorum: Very nice hotel,staff is friendly the only thing is there no walk clock in the room so keeping up with time was slightly difficult

216. Yorum: Vey nice hotel, the pools are great and the staff is friendly.Also the rooms look very nice!

217. Yorum: Do you want to enjoy, go to this hotel

218. Yorum: It's a really good hotel but the reception is terrible it needs some better employees.

219. Yorum: This is a crappy hotel. The cutlery is always dirty so take a long look at your fork, knives and glasses. This is really a food safety issue.

220. Yorum: Great pools. Great food. One thing that bothered me Turks don't speak good English!

221. Yorum: Great place !I loved our stay there,  would go again next year.

222. Yorum: Quality beach HOTEL preferred for our antalya airport transfer services

223. Yorum: Brilliant place to stay & nice friendly staff

224. Yorum: Very nice resort with so many things to do. Food is superb

225. Yorum: Absolutely brilliant food staff hotel can not fault it at all

226. Yorum: I had the best time of my life.  Met amazing people and the service was incredible.

227. Yorum: Was supposed to fly back but flight was delayed over night and we came here and it was amazing ... I had an iced tea from the fridge shhh :)

228. Yorum: Thise was the best hotel i have gone to

229. Yorum: Very nice and luxuary hotel very clean and the employees were nice the waterpark was nice

230. Yorum: great experience .. friendly people .. excellent service

231. Yorum: Amazing staff .amazing service . loved every minute of our one week stay .

232. Yorum: ROYAL SEGINUS is the best place to stay for family holidays.

233. Yorum: Internet out of work,music bad,to much crowd.everything else was perfect.

234. Yorum: Lovely place, great service, friendly staff and incredibly tasty food!

235. Yorum: Top hotel from Antalya.
Service is great and needs for everyone.

236. Yorum: Great hotel with great activities for kids and adults and vary good food

237. Yorum: Very friendly staf, very good service, very delicious food, very clean

highly recommended

9,5/10 👍🏻

238. Yorum: By far the best, most equipped hotel, the team are a credit to the group and outstanding hospitality

239. Yorum: A wonderful and beautiful hotel that I recommend to you

240. Yorum: Very nice place...very good place for family everything is cool..go will not forget this place.

241. Yorum: Great location and Service, comfortable rooms,great staff

242. Yorum: Excellent hotel only if you could get a lay in an still get a sunbed.

243. Yorum: Big nice room. Service is almost 5.

244. Yorum: Its grand. Restaurant is very big. Lots of activities. Plenty of staff members.

245. Yorum: Absolutely fabulous hotel. We couldn't have asked for more :)

246. Yorum: Absolutely brilliant place. Would recommend any day

247. Yorum: good food, good service, nice hotel. very poor internet.

248. Yorum: Fabulous hotel and fabulous staff that really made my holiday.

249. Yorum: Food is bad other than that everything is good
And the fact that they dont speak good english

250. Yorum: It is all good very nice service but the internet is catastrophic

251. Yorum: great hotel
great food
great service

252. Yorum: Very nice hotel with phenomenal facilities for children.

253. Yorum: Very very nice and beautiful hotel.
Very well organanized staff !!!

254. Yorum: There is nothing more to ask for from this resort.

255. Yorum: Room size vas great, food, staff

256. Yorum: Can't believe the service and excellent facilities.
5 Star doesn't do it justice

257. Yorum: It was an unforgettable accommodation place.

258. Yorum: Perfect place for a wonderful holiday, food superb, great water slides ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

259. Yorum: First class hotel very large rooms baths quite

260. Yorum: Awesome, great aqua park, food and room 😊👍 …

261. Yorum: Extraordinarily modern and luxurious, a great place where I will definitely spend the next holiday.

262. Yorum: Comfortable, clean and all stuff are so nice. Highly recommended

263. Yorum: Great rooms but I visited during summer break so TONS of rude kids

264. Yorum: Bad restaurant service, bad food, noisy pools, not turkish 5 * standard

265. Yorum: It is a extraordinary location for spending a vacantion with your family. I recomand this place for everyone!!!

266. Yorum: Amazing rooms and pools and the veiw is very good

267. Yorum: Nice hotel, good food and service.

268. Yorum: Note this really is a lovely hotel, great facilities and food.

269. Yorum: Amazing hotel, quality, service and food!

270. Yorum: Big room,clean, very good food, friendly staff

271. Yorum: Very nice place. Good food

272. Yorum: Everything was perfect. A great place to stay.

273. Yorum: Nursery of ruscism. Lover of Z ideology. Disgusting place.

274. Yorum: Lovely view great location too.

275. Yorum: Super

276. Yorum: Good hotel for family holiday top service

277. Yorum: At the main security entrance staffs are so rude

278. Yorum: Nice enough, all inclusive buffet food can be a drag after a while

279. Yorum: Super hotel!

280. Yorum: What a wonderful place I loved every minute of being there...top food...

281. Yorum: Very hot , great food, very nice family holidays.

282. Yorum: Fantastic stay the staff so friendly 👏

283. Yorum: The best hotel for families that I've stayed in at Lara.

284. Yorum: Great staff. Great facilities. Children loved it

285. Yorum: The staff were friendly and very professional. Lovely atmosphere

286. Yorum: Fabulous place for luxury holidays. Love it

287. Yorum: Great all inclusive hotel for families.

288. Yorum: Very good

289. Yorum: very good

290. Yorum: Very nice hotel with comfortable rooms

291. Yorum: Wonderful hotel and great service

292. Yorum: Excellent accomodation, food and service!

293. Yorum: A New and very Luxury Hotel with excellent Service!

294. Yorum: Nice 5 stars hotel

295. Yorum: Still on holiday and the place is amazing.  Loving it

296. Yorum: Everything is great! *****  hotel is Top

297. Yorum: Attention to detail, 5star service and a fun filles place

298. Yorum: Great place, very clean, very good services

299. Yorum: Nice, children friendly hotel....

300. Yorum: nice.

301. Yorum: Love it! excellent hotel

302. Yorum: Very good family hotel.

303. Yorum: Super dirty and bad customer service

304. Yorum: Every thing is v.good but bad internet services

305. Yorum: Lovely clean big hotel

306. Yorum: Traveling Turkey 10 years was expecting a bit more from this class hotel

307. Yorum: Woow hotel  no free sawna and gacozo

308. Yorum: Worst hotel ever

309. Yorum: Food  and service was not Good

310. Yorum: Very good services, I recommend!

311. Yorum: Not a lot of food, a lot of dirty stuff, and a lot of chinese stuff!

312. Yorum: Very nice. Will visit again.

313. Yorum: NICE PLACE and very comfortable

314. Yorum: Went here on holiday in October was amazing

315. Yorum: Fantastic Hotel, 5 start all round

316. Yorum: Entertainment fun and ambiance beyomlnd limit

317. Yorum: Service on top
Everything was Ok

318. Yorum: Service on top
Everything was Ok

