1. Yorum: Food and children facilities are just perfect. We could relax and enjoy ourselves very much. My daughter had a really good time with the variaty of activities in Kikao Club. The staff are friendly and cordial. We will definitely come back in october.

2. Yorum: Lara Beach was fantastic, nothing but great praise for this hotel. Everything was well thought out from start to finish. The kids' clubs and entertainment, the food, and the pools were fab, and staff always rolled around, taking orders for drinks. If I were to give some criticism, the evening entertainment could do with a massive overhaul as that was less than desirable. Kids' food at the kids club was great. It would be nice to integrate some of that within the main section so kids can remain as part of the family. I would 100% recommend this hotel to others.

P.s. last night we went to the steak house. All I will say is woow simply superb!

3. Yorum: Had a lovely stay at the Titanic Deluxe Lara. The rooms was decent enough but a little dated compared to the website pictures. All the staff are amazing and friendly. There is lots to eat and drink and always a pool near by to jump in with it being so hot. Would definitely recommend the hotel.

4. Yorum: Close to the airport and a very nice hotel for families specially with kids. Children activities  offered keep them busy and entertained through out the stay. The main building is now showing its age and no doubt will be updated to give that extra 5 star plus experience. Very happy with staff and hotel will always consider coming back without hesitation.

5. Yorum: This was the best hotel I've ever been too. Amazing for kids and adults alike  couldn't recommend this hotel enough. The local town is also well worth a visit.

6. Yorum: Just back from 10 days there. Superb hotel. Fabulous staff. Great food and entertainment.  Only negative is there were lots of rude, ignorant Russian. In true brit form thou, we ignored there pig like manners

7. Yorum: Had a lovely chilled out week pity it rained most of the time 3 days of sun  but luckily hotel had lots to do played pool chilled out in the spa also lovely heated outdoor pool.
Hotel lovely and clean  gardens well kept food fabulous lots of choice. Entertainment in evening very good would definitely come back.
Had a fantastic girls holiday.
Great to go shopping just down the road.

8. Yorum: Totally wonderful experience. I have never felt so relaxed on a holiday. The weather was perfect - not too hot or too cold. The view from our room was superb - pretty much overlooking the entire complex and surrounding areas.
As for the staff, very friendly and went out of their way to make our holiday such a special one.
I also loved the fact that there were not too many people around, which meant that the place had a calm and peaceful effect.
Looking forward to my return next year

9. Yorum: Absolutely beautiful hotel.  We had adjoining rooms and both were good size.  Fridge topped up with drinks, room cleaned as requested and room service was very quick.
Beachfront location with an excellent equipped kids play area inside and out. Soft play, PlayStation room, lego room, face painting, sleeping area with cots/junior beds and staff very helpful.
Bowling alley, snooker, billiards and table tennis inclusive for adults.
Staff are excellent with table service at all times

10. Yorum: A very nice hotel....truthfully it's slightly dated in places  but still a lovely place to stay never the less. Staff and management are friendly and very helpful 😃. We normally stay in the titanic bodrum which in fairness is a newer hotel. Food is fresh and well presented. The spa and gym are excellent 👌 possibly the best massage I've had and I've had many ...
This is more suited to families not couples I'd say but that's not the hotels fault. Would I come again yes. Would I recommend it yes ....do I personally prefer the Titanic Bodrum YES.
I've still had a very relaxing and enjoyable break. I must say the upgrade to the a la carte  steak restaurant was worth every penny. The chateau Briand was spectacular. Cooked freshly in front of us ....wow ....10/10 ....

11. Yorum: Booked very last minute on advice of friends who had personally stayed here before. From the start to the last minute we have had an excellent time.  Yes, most of the summer activities and facilities had closed down.  We were advised of this during booking.  The staff are very good at managing and making sure your stay is nice and comfortable.  Most of the time, the weather has been kind to us. Our Jet2 Rep Osman was fantastic.  He was very attentive to our needs and requests. He helped organise most of our trips out and about.  He explained in an easy to understand manner that we fully understand.  To back up a wee note to ensure we were on the right  bus, etc. Again, we would like to thank Osman for his support and help during our fantastic stay. You are a rare 💎.

12. Yorum: Rooms good .. maybe a little tired, pools very good and lots of areas to relax, food is ok .. a better selection and more changes would be good. A fresh fruit juice bar at breakfast would be good .. more variety of lunch and dinner time would be good.. nice stay .. the cabana’s on the pier are excellent.. if a bit pricey.. 7/10 rating

13. Yorum: The good at the main restaurant was really clean, tasty and a wide variety of food. As a toddler it was brilliant that we had a splash pool and the kids club was superb! Ther was activities such as soft play, face painting, baby room and more.
Everyone is really friendly and the staff are extremely helpful.

If the splash pool has heated it would be amazing and if the sunbed were made clear that they can't be reserved it would help.

Other than that the hotel is superb.

14. Yorum: We had an amazing 5 night family holiday here. The hotel itself is really nice, the rooms are spacious, all the amenities provided are good quality. The staff are for most part smiling and welcoming. It's an all inclusive venue, which meant the kids and I never went hungry. With multiple large pools, restaurants, buffets and cafes, this is easily up there with some of the top resorts that I've stayed at. You're literally a 5min walk from your room to the beach. The only let down is the lifts, they only have 5, and they probably need another 5. Bar that, the entertainment, service, and room quality is well worth it. Would happily go back here, in fact, 2024, here we come!

15. Yorum: 10/10...had the most amazing "5 star" holiday...highly recommended for any couples or families! They have thought of everything and you'll not be disappointed!

16. Yorum: Lovely clean and friendly resort. Lots for young children and adults, good entertainment. Staff are friendly and attentive, beach towels and beds freely available. The food is very well prepared although as with all buffets it can be repetitive. We enjoyed the A La Carte restaurants which are very good and had the opportunity to try one complimentary from the hotel, the Fish restaurant and Thai were our favourites. All in all a lovely resort where the staff do everything they can to ensure you enjoy your stay.

17. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, clean and with all the comforts. Very good food. The mostly appreciated aspect is that it is welcoming for everyone, also for people with a different ability (a real plus!)

18. Yorum: We came back from our holiday at Titanic Deluxe Lara yesterday. We had a lovely time there, even though the weather was a bit hit and miss. The staff were amazing, always polite and friendly. We received prompt service every time we visited the main restaurant, lobby bar or snack bar by the beach. The food was exceptional, a great variety of it and beautifully cooked. You can forget about dieting if you come here, there's just too much temptation 😄

The hotel was on reduced service in terms of entertainment but they still had something going on every evening which was enough to keep us entertained. They had an amazing dance show on one night, then live music and a karaoke night which was a good laugh. We didn't make use of the kids club as we came without our little one this time but the facility looked absolutely amazing - stylishly designed, well equipped and there was a full day of activities planned each day. It's nice to see that the kids club wasn't an afterthought at this hotel as it often happens. I would not hesitate to come back here with my little one as I'm sure he would love it.

The room was clean and had everything we needed in there including basic toiletries, bathrobes and slippers. The room shows its age in certain areas, like taps are a bit tired, the carpets have stains on it from spilt beverages I assume. The carpets in hallways could do with updating as they look a bit stained. The room needs better lighting, it's quite dark in there even if you turn on every single light. The beds were comfy though, we slept like babies.

Overall we enjoyed our time there and would happily come back in summer when all facilities are open and the weather is a bit more stable ☺️

19. Yorum: We had a fantastic break here. All the staff were friendly helpful and welcoming.  Liza hosted the darts competition every day throughout our holiday and was a superb host. The swimming area is clean and with lots to do. The waiters on roller skates zip around making sure you have all that you need. Lots of different foods to choose from and service to our room when my daughter was feeling off it.
Great place and would highly recommend it.

20. Yorum: Fantastic hotel All Staff in this hotel are amazing people they go above and beyond for you. The food is beautiful the rooms are cleaned every day the hotel is spotless. There is plenty for everyone to do here. If you have kids they will never be bored there is so much for them to do. Also our Jet2 representative Osmon her is so kind and caring what a great young man.

21. Yorum: The hotel has been amazing the place is beautiful and clean. The food and service was brilliant you cannot go a few steps without access to drinks or snack bars. There is so much choice in regard to pool area and beach area we didn’t wait for anything. The hotel entertainment was fantastic really high level of dance and acrobatics that you would definitely pay extra for to see back home. Rooms were really spacious and clean. We had a really great massage at the hotel spa and used the sauna and steam room and gym which were really nice and equipped.

22. Yorum: Beautiful location, very close to the beach and we had lovely views from our seaside room, rooms are very spacious and clean. The hotel staff are very helpful and the buffet includes a good selection of food for vegetarians too. We had a wonderful stay and look forward to coming back.

23. Yorum: This was our first visit to Turkey 🇹🇷 and will definitely not be our last @Titanic deluxe lara beach. From start to finish we found everything fault less, excellent service from all the super friendly staff who could do enough to make your holiday more memorable. Our room was a swim up, which was very nice, maid service every day, and the mini bar topped up daily. There were many outdoor pools to choose from, but our favourite days were spent in the cabanas on the beach front where the service was also fantastic. The nighttime entertainment was amazing, and we were there for the last white party of the season and many other themed nights.
I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.

24. Yorum: We booked for two weeks through the hotel , we had asked all about entertainment for Halloween,  was never told about out of season , that everything would be shut the second week.

So most bars closed, waffles and ice-cream closed. Hammocks gone , most sunbeds gone.
My son 19month old got a black eye in kids group.

Food is extremely  bad , fruit  is non existent off season.

This hotel the first week was brilliant  bar the rude staff at dinner.
It's definitely not a 5 star hotel but does cater to everyone .would recommend in season and definitely  not off season .

The cleaner was very good who did our bedroom, also there was one amazing bar tender. We had the Italian in hotel was very nice book in advance

25. Yorum: Absolutely loved it!
Have no complaints, fantastic staff so friendly.
Rooms cleaned every day, the fridges topped up every day we used to leave a few lira and a note for what we specifically wanted.
The Cabanas down the front Costa 110 English to hire for the day....AMAZING! you have someone who looks after you all day....Fruit cakes food ice cream all brought to you, and of course you have your own fridge in the cabana. The restaurant has an amazing choice. During the day there is an Italian or another restaurant if you don't want to eat in the main one.
After 11pm there is a snack bar what opens👌.
Also the Steak House is one of the best steak we've had, book early it gets booked pretty quick, £45 it cost each but worth every penny down to the service ambience and the food.
Down to the White night(fireworks display is amazing)
The Havana nights., The Bohemian nights they are spectacular.
Will definitely be returning here.👌

26. Yorum: It's my first visit in Turkey and honestly I can't find a bad things about this place. Staff is so friendly,food amazing, it's beautiful place. I honestly highly recommend. We came in November to celebrate my birthday and I'm so happy we chosen Titanic!! Weather is gorgeous and so many things to do! On of the pool outside is heated and it's nice to go for a swim  when it's a little bit chill outside.
Beach has so many sun beds and bars and restaurants to eat. Come to Turkey and visit Titanic you won't regret it.

27. Yorum: One of the best Hotel in Turkey, 3 years in a row we are coming back, and always there is something new, a redesign, a new pier, new playhouse for the kids, etc.

28. Yorum: It is very nice hotel, we are staying with our family. Service is perfect, staffs are helpful. The foods are very delicious. Room cleaning service is very nice. We highly recommend. We will visit here for next summer. Thank you for everything.

29. Yorum: Great hotel for families, the splash pad and slides are great. Used the bowling and games room which were fun. Great food lots of choice. Staff are hard working especially the female life guard at the slides and bar staff on roller blades. Enjoyed the shows at the amphitheater and kids enjoyed the kikoa kids clubs facilities which we stayed with them for. Generally really clean but some drainage problems around the pool areas which cause large puddles making things really slippy and at times it can smell. Definitely recommend bringing water shoes. Rooms are small but for all the time you're in them it is great, we kept curtains closed in the day to keep room as cool as possible for night time

30. Yorum: The overall service of all staff members is fantastic. The food is amazing and the drinks are also great.
My wife and I have used the Cabanas a handful of times and it is great value for money. This is the second time we have been here and we will come back again for sure, you can’t go wrong.

31. Yorum: A great hotel. The food was plentiful and something for everyone. Attentive service. Good slides and a day at the beach on a cabana was the icing on the cake.
Food is all labeled with allergies which is good. Gluten free food can be requested as specially made but needs to be requested in advance.

32. Yorum: Really great for families. Lots to keep the children entertained.

Lots of different varieties of food and lots of snacks and drinks on offer.

The kids club is especially great with lots to keep the kids entertained.

The beach is really good with plenty of beds for everyone.

The only criticism is that the floor around the splash pool can get very wet and slippery.

We would definitely come again.

33. Yorum: The resort is lovely, perfect for families.
It was only 10 minutes away from the airport which was perfect for us with a toddler.
There are lots of activities on during the day and entertainment on the evening.
I took an aerial yoga class as a beginner and the instructor was so friendly and very accommodating for all levels of ability and fitness levels.
The food was lovely with an excellent variety from savoury to sweet options as well as different national dishes.
I would definitely recommend and come back again.

34. Yorum: Excellent service throughout the hotel. Kids club was fantastic (ours were aged 5 and 7), lots of activities, shows and flexibility on when you drop off/ pick up.

We booked cabanas by the beach, lots of space, excellent service, with fruit platters, lunch w5c brought to you. Fully stocked mini fridge both here and in the rooms for ease.

Would recommend for a family holiday.

35. Yorum: Lovely hotel with lots to do, good food, entertainment was decent and lots of variation for drinks.  Service was top class throughout.  Only slight downside would be it's looking a bit tired and could do with being painted.

36. Yorum: Nice place, paid for All-inclusive,  but charged 45 euros per person, for Al-acarte..dining..
Staff, very helpful 👍..but rooms not cleaned,  to high standard 🙄..

37. Yorum: Fantastic experience. The hotel is world class and the service is beyond outstanding! Can’t say enough positives. The kids are having a blast…
Special mention to Even and Burak, who I had a great chat with. Their  passion for the hotel and the guest experience is so refreshing. They really cares about their job and nothing was too much. Great guys, as are all the other staff members

38. Yorum: Fantastic hotel. It looks amazing, but a little tired in some places.
The food looks amazing and a variety to choose from,  but sadly, most of the time, my food was cold . There are restaurants you can use once, which is free, and the Italian was amazing the first time we went. You could not fault it. We paid for a second visit, and we felt very rushed .
As the session was coming to an end, they started to close a lot of the hotel facilities down, which was disappointing .
The staff are not all friendly but welcoming, which you would expect from a 5 star hotel.
Don't get me wrong, I would definitely go back and enjoyed my stay, just a few niggles

39. Yorum: Amazing hotel and amazing staff, in fact the staff are what makes the hotel amazing!!
Not impressed with the fact they cancel nights that you book substitute with something you would never book!! We booked the BBQ and they cancelled because not enough people….not a good enough reason. They gave us the Italian option as a substitute which I really didn’t like at all. Huge thank to Zubaida who tried to make us feel better despite the disaster. She needs a pay rise because was crying and she made me feel so much better. Thank you. True customer services!!!

40. Yorum: Absolutely loving this hotel. The staff are lovely  food is amazing and rooms are nice. Beds in our room were a little narrow for a double but overall everything is perfect.  Very happy here.
Will definitely come back. We don't want to go home.

41. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, fabulous staff, amazing food, excellent facilities. Loved every minute ! Didn’t mind that it rained a couple of days there was still plenty to do. The staff were so helpful and kind, rooms were clean and well maintained. Will be back for sure.

42. Yorum: Great experience and an outstanding service by the staff. The lady at the guest relations has been very helpful in sorting out food for our 2 yr old baby. Yasmin has shown good generosity in giving us the a la carte for a day even though our package didn’t include. I am definitely visiting again and I recommend.

43. Yorum: Having a lovely holiday, hotel is very clean and well maintained.
Some staff are nice others not so.
Pool area and water park fab! My kids are loving it. Food is lovely and lots to choose from. Have to get up early for a good sunbed though!

44. Yorum: We checked into the Titanic Hotel on November 1st, we came as a family, and the prices became very affordable as of November 1st. Of course, since they were in the winter concept, half of the services were closed. We came here knowing this. Our agent gave us this information in advance, stating that it is an affordable hotel, but most of the winter concept and outdoor areas are closed. Our children have fun at the mini club and there are many nice activities for children. Me and my wife are enjoying the hotel. It's a really great place to do Reşad. We liked it very much, we will come again and we plan to come next time in the summer. By the way, I would like to thank the guest relations team for caring about guest satisfaction and working professionally, see you.

45. Yorum: We stay with our family of 2 children, 1 year old & 8 year old, the entertainment, slides and pools were all fantastic! The kids club is amazingly well thought out & safe! Perfect for all ages! Amazing hotel, staff are brilliant, food & drinks are fantastic! The hotel was spotlessly clean, we couldn’t have asked for more or anything better!

46. Yorum: What a fantastic holiday! The hotel is amazing! The staff are so friendly and helpful 24 seven. So many staff on duty from cleaners to lifeguards. Very safe. The 'all inclusive' is more than expected with bar staff skating about actively looking to provide drinks and snacks. The evening entertainment was exceptional. We were here in a heatwave but it was fine. The water sports kept us cool. Could not recommend it more

47. Yorum: Beautiful hotel amazing services and friendly staff.

48. Yorum: Great summer vacation. Our room is really nice, many pools, water temperature perfect. We loved the cabanas, we were happy to pay extra and even booked more throughout our trip. The food is nice lots of selection. Close to shopping. The service was excellent and really lived up to their 5 star rating. We can’t wait to come back.

49. Yorum: Staying at this nice hotel for 6 nights and we are not disappointed.

They have everything we need. The SPA and gym is very good and we are using it everyday.

We had an issue with hot water in the morning and after reporting this the team fixed it within five minutes.

Yasemin from guest services helped us book our even dinner and helped with other questions we asked. The team is friendly and helpful.

Thank you Titanic!

50. Yorum: I liked the hotel! Very attentive attitude of the staff. The waiters react instantly, are very attentive and polite. I especially liked the guest assistant service and their call center. Very varied menu in the main restaurant, bistro and snack bars, very tasty.
The staff is always ready to help and serve. Thanks to Guest Relations Adinai for not invaluable help.
I would really like the hotel to provide a shuttle to the shops and the center of Antalya. The store in the hotel is expensive.

51. Yorum: Wonderful place, With a very tasty and large variety of food, warm welcoming pleasant staff who help with questions or requests. Clean rooms, with spacious balconies ( balcony doors are hard to open, women with long nails will understand:)

Several pools with different depths. Which allows people to swim in peace and not disturb each other. Of course there is access to the sea. Tennis courts were also a pleasure to use. and very nice that the hotel is close to the airport.

52. Yorum: Amazing hotel! We had amazing week! You can find anything you could wish! Lots of fun, amazing food, lots of entertainment but not overwhelming, lots of bars, nice pools, beautiful beach, nice and friendly stuff, minibar in the room. Kids club was great! Kids didn’t want to leave - they have music lessons, Lego, ceramics lessons etc…and open till midnight. I would definitely recommend it to anyone!!

53. Yorum: Shows excellent. Service is very good from all staff nothing is too much trouble. Food caters for all tastes and is superb.
Cabana s good value for the money service amazing would recommend to try.
When situation the pool the waiters who on roller blades are quick and efficient and again nothing is too much trouble.
The rooms are comfortable and are cleaned to a very good standard, clean towels every day and bedding changed regularly.  Came for a family celebration and they provided tables for a large party I restaurant and helped to put up banners and balloons and cake .
I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel

54. Yorum: Brilliant, family friendly hotel. The selection of restaurants were great if you are willing to pay a supplement. Buffet is outstanding with many choices and a high standard of food.  Staff have been very attentive, kind and helpful. Lots of pools and plenty of beds but you need to reserve early in the morning. Water sports are close by and lots to choose from. Drinks are lovely and a good choice. Entertainment is plentiful, lots on and lots to choose from. Both children and adult friendly shows. 10/10

55. Yorum: We are on our last day here but have had such a wonderful time here, the bar staff Ali on roller skates at the pool was so attentive! We booked the cabana (no. 7) on 31.08.23 and they decorated it for my daughters birthday, both the guys were fantastic and we had such a wonderful experience. All the girls at the kids club were brilliant too and so friendly, Susan from the kids club made my daughter feel special even though my daughter is very shy. My kids loved it here.

56. Yorum: We had friends who recommended the hotel and said how amazing it it. Loved every minute so far! The evening entertainment has been fabulous and our son had loved the water slides and pools during the day. Staff have been great and the food amazing. Would highly recommend

57. Yorum: The hotel was great it had a very nice view, the beach is very clean and the cabana service was exceptional. Every department were absolutely great and hardworking. The staff are super nice and the guest relation team are very helpful. Verdi was very nice. We will make sure to come again. One of the easiest holidays so far.

58. Yorum: Very clean and special place. My two children are very safe around the hotel and pool area. The kids club is AMAZING, with lots of activities for them. Around the pool is very clean with the staff at the aqua bar never letting your drinks be empty. Food is lovely, with staff being very attentive. Rooms are great, very comfy beds. Would highly recommend.

59. Yorum: We are here now. Amazing time.
We much prefer the rooms on the right side of the hotel. When we first arrived we were facing the sea and delivery bay but we’re moved the next day after speaking to reception.
Cabanas are a must book. We had number 11 great service.
Kids club is amazing! Slides great fun. Our second time here and it gets better every time.

60. Yorum: This is our second time at this hotel and the improvements to the pier outside restaurant and kids clubs, is 10/10.

The are fantastic. And the food is 9/10 and I'm a fussy eater.

The entertainment is outstanding.

The only thing that needs updating is the bedrooms.

This hotel is definitely a 5 star hotel.

I have been to most hotels on lara beach. And this hotel. Stands out for all the above reason's.

61. Yorum: The hotel is fantastic! Clean, well maintained and the facilities are second to none. The team are so helpful and attentive & can not be faulted.

If you are looking for a holiday that can be something for family or even just as couples this one ticks all of boxes!

62. Yorum: A wonderful holiday! An amazing hotel which catered to all our needs, especially when traveling & holidaying with a toddler. The food was delicious, the staff have been so accommodating & friendly. The childrens club has something for kids of all ages & the hotel is right on the beach too. We will definitely be returning.

63. Yorum: Excellent hotel. Incredibly clean and well looked after by the staff. Amenities exceptional. All inclusive option offers food and drinks all day and good quality. Water park is brilliant.
Would like more information about what is and isn’t included in all inclusive.

64. Yorum: Absolutely amazing, staff super friendly, food devine and entertainment off the scale. I will be back next year for sure. Nothing to complain about it the best holiday I have ever had. Plenty of things to do for the kids. Couples can relax. There are enough things to do for everyone. The landings to the rooms are huge and beautiful. The rooms are spacious and so clean. My favorite night was the white night it’s was superb and had fireworks.

65. Yorum: First family holiday! Couldn't have asked for more! Food has always had a great variety and snacks are available all day. Our daughter loved the kids club and looked forward to the kids disco every night. The evening entertainment was really good, always full of energy!

66. Yorum: The hotel is fantastic and very accommodating for our child of 2 years and 10 months as well as for us. We really enjoy swimming in the pool and enjoying the warm sun. The staff members within the hotel as well as by the pool ( serving drinks; Alperen) have been extraordinary!
We will definitely come back again!

67. Yorum: Loving it!! Everything is fantastic, already booked up for next year. If you get the opportunity to come.....BOOK IT!! All the staff are so lovely & couldn't do more for you. Lots of activities throughout the day & excellent night entertainment (kids are allowed in the disco/nightclub). Well done to all the team, you've all been fabulous xx

68. Yorum: The food is really good. We have loved the quality. The programs at nights are really enjoyable especially for kids. The beach side is also lovely. There is bar near the beach so you can order anything. The room staff is really helpful.

69. Yorum: Excellent service by all staff. Always friendly and more than willing to go out of their way to make sure your needs are met no matter how big they are. Whole complex is spotlessly clean. At the entertainment the waiters especially Usman looked after us we didn’t even need to ask for a drink he just brought it over. At the pier cabana out butler couldn’t have done more for my wife and I. Only small complaint I would have is trying to get a bed by the pools. But to be honest I think it is the same everywhere.

70. Yorum: We have visited twice and happy every time!  Great for kids and so much for them to do. We have used cabanas 4 times and the staff are amazing. Treat you like royalty! We love it here, and will come back again next year! Food amazing and the weather was beautiful

71. Yorum: Staff are super friendly and attentive. Go above and beyond to cater to guests.
We hired cabanas which were next level. They really added that touch of elegance. There is so much entertainment. There is always something to do and see. Hotel goes above and beyond in every aspect. And if you like your food, you WON’T be disappointed 10/10

72. Yorum: 5*

Can’t fault the service of the staff from front desk staff to the maids/bartenders. Everyone has been wonderful.

Visiting for my Birthday and the staff have gone above and beyond to ensure that we have the most amazing time.

Good - delish, many varieties to suit all ages and taste.

Pool - staff are incredible, nothing is too much for them to do. On roller skates delivering drinks as and when needed. We stayed around the Olympic pool majority of our stay and the pool guys on skates were absolutely fabulous.

Entertainment - 10/10 enough for everyone to do.

Nothing more to add other than it’s been fabulous

73. Yorum: Had a lovely experience here. Staff and food are exceptional. The cabana is definitely worth the money for the day. The kids club has just opened and it’s fantastic!! Open from 10am to midnight! The pier is beautiful. The restaurants on the beach are amazing. Evening entertainment is fab…the white party was brilliant! Just all round a really great hotel.

74. Yorum: Such a beautiful hotel.  The staff are really helpful, and attentive, they attend to your every need, nothing is too much for them.

The food at meal times was really tasty & lots of variety for both adults and kids.  I would definitely visit again.

They also have a kids club which has a variety of activities throughout the day & night, which my kids absolutely loved.

75. Yorum: The Titanic Deluxe Lara hotel was an exceptional choice for my stay. The grandeur of the property and its luxurious ambiance left a lasting impression. The rooms were beautifully designed, offering both comfort and style. The variety of dining options provided a delightful culinary experience, with each meal being a treat for the taste buds. The hotel's extensive facilities, including the spa, pools, and entertainment options, ensured there was never a dull moment. The attentive staff added to the overall experience, making me feel pampered and well taken care of. I highly recommend the Titanic Deluxe Lara hotel for a memorable and indulgent vacation.

76. Yorum: Hotel and service was brilliant. Went during winter where a lot was closed however there was still a lot to do. Excellent and would come back. Drinks were good and the waiters/waitresses were very attentive.

77. Yorum: Fantastic hotel - on check in, our bags were taken to the room which is clean, spacious and cool (air con needed!!) the pools are clean, spacious and the kids are loving the waterpark. We have hired cabanas for the duration of our trip, highly recommend - you don’t need to move, everything is brought to you - drinks, food, ice creams, nothin is too much trouble and a fully stocked fridge - bonus! Night entertainment - brilliant! Food, tasty and plentiful for an all inclusive.
Would definitely be back.

78. Yorum: We recently enjoyed a delightful weekend stay at Titanic Deluxe Hotel Lara in Antalya, and overall, our experience was filled with festive cheer and family fun. Traveling with two children, we opted for the Duplex Suite, a two-story haven that exceeded our expectations.

The Duplex Suite featured a private terrace and jacuzzi, providing a luxurious and comfortable space for our family of four. The suite was not only spacious but also impressively warm, creating a cozy atmosphere during the chilly December nights. The daily bar refills added a touch of convenience, ensuring that our needs were met with prompt and attentive service.

The Christmas-themed decorations throughout the hotel added an extra layer of magic to our holiday stay. The expansive property dazzled with enchanting lights and beautifully adorned Christmas trees, creating a festive ambiance that complemented the joy of the season.

The culinary experience at Titanic Deluxe Hotel Lara was a highlight of our stay. The food was nothing short of amazing, offering a diverse range of delectable options that catered to various tastes.

While our visit was during the winter, we could appreciate the potential of the hotel's outdoor facilities, including a theater, private beach, and a sizable children's club. These amenities seemed perfect for families looking to make the most of their summer vacation.

However, our experience was not without its quirks. The indoor pool water was surprisingly cold, and the presence of groups of adult males playing with a ball detracted from the family-friendly atmosphere. It would have been appreciated if the hotel staff intervened to maintain a more peaceful and enjoyable environment for all guests.

Another minor downside was the demeanor of the reception staff. While efficient, a smile from time to time and a more accommodating attitude would have enhanced the overall guest experience.

In conclusion, Titanic Deluxe Hotel Lara offered a wonderful holiday retreat with its enchanting decorations, impeccable food, and impressive suite.

79. Yorum: Amazing resort, great attentive staff and super quality food and drinks.
Evening shows superb.
Rooms clean and spacious.
Beach cabanas are the best and great views with private staff on hand.
Great water sports facilities and variety.
Maria was particularly hospitable and very friendly.

80. Yorum: Hotel was beyond our expectations.

Exceptionally clean, food was lovely,  staff very friendly they could not do enough for you the waiter even played football with my grandson.

White party was amazing.

If you book this hotel you will not be disappointed, we would definitely  come back.

81. Yorum: Really beautiful hotel with friend helpful staff.  Rooms clean and all mini bar and toiletries stocked regular.  Food has been great with a good selection. Great for the whole family with plenty for the kids to keep them entertained

82. Yorum: Wonderful hotel with fantastic staff and excellent quality. The cabanas are such a lovely way to spend a sunny day! Direct ladder into the sea. Our 8 & 7 year old enjoyed gymnastics and football at the impressive kids club. Highly recommend the hotel.

83. Yorum: Holiday was great and hotel is very clean. Staff arre wonderful and extremely helpful. Evening entertainment is very good and rooms are clean and comfortable. Food is also good and caters for all tastes. Only criticisms are the air condition is controlled centrally so you cannot control it yourself and usual problem of people reserving sunbeds with towels but not using them until hours later. Other than that we were extremely pleased with our stay and would have no hesitation booking again.

84. Yorum: We have had the most amazing experience at this hotel! Can’t recommend coming enough! Second time here and will definitely be returning. Love everything about this hotel! The staff are lovely and can’t do enough to help. Also had a lovely experience on the cabanas with our lovely waiter who helped us all day. Best holiday here

85. Yorum: Lovely place staff great. Management not. Having received a polite note asking us to pay any additional fees by eight o'clock on the penultimate day at Our convenience we couldn't
In fact we're in their restaurant having a family meal, costing extra
On returning to our rooms both were locked out. Terrible way to end the night
An upset three year old who couldn't understand,an angry Dad and a Grandma in tears
Insulting and unnecessary. We paid over 4k per room So to be told it was a mistake
However I have discussed issue in detail and the hotel were extremely concerned that anything should spoil what was a great holiday
Well done to them

86. Yorum: Love this place, food is fantastic, plenty of choice for even the fussiest people, staff are so helpful and friendly, can’t do enough to help you. We visited the cabanas on the pier and it was fantastic from start to finish, didn’t catch the waiters name but he was so helpful and constantly asking if we needed anything, drinks, food etc.
Rooms are perfect, fridges stocked daily and very clean
The waiter at the Solaris bar usman is the best waiter by far, can’t even finish a drink and he’s over with a fresh one for us.
Definitely the best holiday we’ve had by far

87. Yorum: Absolutely fantastic stay! We have loved every minute. The staff are so attentive and there is so much to do. A week just isn’t enough! We can’t wait to come back :-)
Lovely room incredibly clean and has everything we need. It’s been our first time travelling with a baby and we have appreciated the travel cot, children’s bedding and baby food available.

88. Yorum: Went as a couple in October. Still lots of warm weather when arriving here it has been 30 all week which is great! Loved the all inclusive experience! Branded alcohol and lovely fresh meal options every day, even though it is a buffet it’s not cheap buffet food! Would come here again if going all inclusive again in future. Make sure you bring all your needed toiletries as if you forget there is a shop here but it’s quite expensive e.g £18 for Sun Cream

89. Yorum: Fantastic holiday. Food is really outstanding during the day . A little busy on an evening which was to over whelming at 8pm . Extremely clean , problem with my door locking but was allocated a new room. Plenty for the children . I would highly recommend cabana hire worth the money . A little sun bed problem on a morning but once you realise you can put your towel out on a night you will have no problem . Staff are very helpful at all times

90. Yorum: Absolutely excellent. So accommodating. Can’t do enough! The Beach bar Ahmed!! But they are all absolutely lovely. I recommend this hotel. The scenery is Beautiful and the people are more beautiful than that

91. Yorum: If only I could put 6 stars. Hotel staff cannot do enough for you. The hotel itself is beautiful and impressive. Although an all exclusive buffet is the main food offering it is extremely well prepared, presented and tastey. The pools are great. The water park is fantastic for kids, as is the kids club. Highly recommend treating yourself to a cabana whilst there. Right on the beach. Late running breakfast service allowing for healthy lazy morning lay ins was a nice surprise. Web based drinks ordering all over the site, enabled by nice WiFi coverage of the complex. Relaxing and beautiful setting, with various entertainments and activities. Will be booking again.

92. Yorum: Lovely hotel. Clean and friendly staff, rooms are cleaned daily.
Lots of good food choices.
Entertainment was fab every night.
Staff go out their way to make your holiday one to remember.
We spent one day at one of the beach cabanas this is definitely worth the money.

93. Yorum: Amazing holiday, can’t fault anything. Still here and really enjoying playing darts every day, Liza is amazing. The bar staff are excellent and constantly bringing you drinks in roller skates. So relaxing, kids club is fantastic, can’t get my 8 year old son out there. Looking forward to coming back already. Hopefully win some more medals in the darts too

94. Yorum: Beautiful hotel. Water park and splash park is very good for our children and us as adults. Food is very good, lots to choose from ever for fussy eaters.

My only negative is the air con inside the hotel is quite poor so there isn't much respite  from the heat.

We have had a lovely holiday and would highly recommend the hotel.

95. Yorum: Great hotel with the most amazing facilities, staff are super friendly and helpful , food is high quality with lots to choose from. The shows on at night are outstanding. I will definitely be coming back again

96. Yorum: An amazing place to stay with a young family, the kids club is brilliant. We used it today for our twins and went for a gym session. The beach cabana is gorgeous, with lovely service. Well worth using while you are here. Murad and his team are amazing, great customer service

97. Yorum: Fantastic service, good food good drinks, recommend this hotel highly! Restaurant staff is amazing especially two workers in 16 plus zone guys than you a lot! Everything is nice and everyone is so helpful! Suits all the tastes

98. Yorum: Absolutely fantastic resort, cabanas are fantastic with great service from shahile, would definitely recommend and will be going back!! Cocktails are brought often and food was great, picky eaters still got fed!! Our room as well is brilliant.

99. Yorum: We have recently come back from a five day break with my partner and stayed at the Titanic Deluxe Lara for the first time and it was a great experience for us both. The hotel was great in terms of location, clean,  it offered both quiet and more busy areas to rest and sunbathe. The weather was great it was not too busy which we loved. The staff from checking in to checking out were extremely helpful and pleasant, this includes staff in the restaurants to their cleaners and bar staff really helpful with anything that we wanted. The food was great catered for whatever we wanted. Thank you to the team at the hotel for making our holiday a great experience

100. Yorum: Ist day but so far absolutely blown away with the whole experience.  Staff, food, drinks excellent.  Will definitely be back.  Staying in an annexe room - very clean & comfortable - loads of extras in the welcome pack & a fully stocked fridge.

101. Yorum: Everything was perfect.
The staff were hospitable and kind.
The foods were great and the rooms were clean.
The services for adults and also kids were amusing.
You could never get bored in the hotel.
The swimming pools were clean and the service on the beach were amazing!!!

102. Yorum: There is a great variety of food available, a lot for everyone of all ages to do. Rooms are very clean. Staff have all been friendly. Kids club is amazing, as was the cabana experience. Definitely recommend this hotel!!

103. Yorum: Amazing hotel. Cabanas were lush and service was faultless. We recommend booking a pier cabana for that little bit of luxury. The hotel entertainment every night was outstanding. They really pullOut all the stops. Boho party was great.  The food was great and We will Definitely be returning next year. :?

104. Yorum: Absolutely great, loved the cabana and had a great day. Pool service was fantastic. Loved it so far. Rooms are beautiful and set out well. All branded drinks and food is very good. Would definitely recommend to anyone couples and families alike.

105. Yorum: Our stay at Titanic has been amazing, our favourite has been the kids club, they have soo much to do for children. The staff at the Koala club are very friendly and caring.
The baby spa which entails a jacuzzi and massage is great, we booked it twice.
The hotel itself is very luxurious, very high end. Location is great, it’s close to shops.
We will definitely book again for next year.

106. Yorum: Really enjoyed our stay. The staff are very friendly and the whole resort is clean. There is plenty of choice for food and the bar is well stocked. We would recommend this place for kids as the kids pool is great with lots of slides. We didn't get a chance to experience the kids play area as it's currently unde construction but it looks like it'll be a really good play park.

107. Yorum: Second time back at hotel, renovations this year have been excellent, kids club is fantastic. Additions of pattiserie, fruit bar, jacket potatos and waffle and ice cream bars beside pool area is excellent. Evening shows are very good. Food is good, you have large selection in buffet and we were a large party of 15 that could always find a table. Waiter service in restaurant is good for drinks. Bars have good selection of branded drinks and good choice of cocktails, this year u you also get bottled beers round the pool area, pool service is great very attentive roller blading waiters. Pool area is excellent along with water slides for all ages. Sunbeds are busy but plenty of them, as with all hotels if you want a specific spot for instance round kids pool or right beside pool you will need to be up early before 8am to put a towel down.  Rooms are very clean we are family of 4 and have 2 double beds, toiletries are replenish each day along with mini bar, our room has had clean h towels and cleaned every day, balconies are small but totally adequate. Pier and beach area is good but since renovations there is now nowhere to jump of pier unless you book a cabana which is a shame as last year we spent alot of time on pier jumping off.

108. Yorum: Jasmine and Louisa in the patisserie bar are amazing. The cakes are too tempting. I have become addicted to the raspberry cheesecake.
I would highly recommend to all.
Although numerous bars have closed. Customer Services are arranging to ensure that my needs are catered for. Zuzu is extremely helpful.

109. Yorum: The reason for only 4 stars is that this is a smoking hotel, so all the outside spaces, poolside, restaurants, beaches etc are open for smokers which, as a non smoker, was off-putting.

Also not a great deal of choice of cocktails compared to other hotels we've been to.

We rented a cabana, which was pricey but good, but the pier is open to everyone, so we had random people wandering in

Lastly its a child friendly hotel, which is great if you have kids, as no where is out of bounds for them.

Food & staff are amazing

110. Yorum: We found this to be a great hotel the staff are great and very hard working! We found Lisa from the entertainment crew to be the best every day at the darts everyone has a good laugh she gets to know everyone and remembers their names she had very good communication skills lovely girl! We have also enjoyed the variety of food great choice of different restaurants. The cleaning staff also work very hard hotel is spotless!

111. Yorum: We had an excellent trip where nothing was too much for the staff. Hotel was beautifully kept and room cleaned and complimentary mini bar topped up daily.  There was a large amount of fresh food on offer and plentiful drinks too. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip as a couple for our anniversary and cannot wait to take our boys back for a family trip next year!! Thank you to all the staff!

112. Yorum: First day in the hotel and it’s absolutely amazing. The sun loungers are very comfortable, the staff are so attentive and always ask if you’re okay or want a drink. The place is so clean, they work so hard and the food is the best I’ve had in Turkey overall! The entertainment looks very varied, can’t wait to enjoy our stay here!

113. Yorum: Great food, very clean, great service.

We especially enjoyed the lunch restaurants near to the beach.

Recommend to all

The pools are kept well cleaned, perfect all ages, the children’s pools are amazing for younger ones, well thought out and safe plus plenty to do for the older ones.

114. Yorum: We had a great holiday lots to do for the kids and Adults very clean and Adnan in the kids club was very helpful.

The only Downside which was my fault was leaving my wallet out of the provided safe which was Taken with £1,000 in cash and ID ect (use the safe Provided and you will be fine.

We have booked to go back this June and cannot wait as we know we are getting quality.

115. Yorum: Amaizing place. Will definitely back here next time. Perfect for family's with kids and also without kids. Lots of activities, slides etc. We had great time.

116. Yorum: An amazing hotel with the most beautiful architecture and design. The hotel staff are wonderful, the beach is lovely and entire experience is 100%. The aura of the hotel for family with kids and adults fits perfectly and the cleanliness and decor is simply top class. For a vacation I will always come back here with my family for years to come. 10/10 from my rating.

117. Yorum: Stayed at the Titanic recently with family, we all had an amazing stay. Service was impeccable constantly refilling drinks etc, staff was super polite and always welcoming. I found the rooms to be very spacious and always kept clean, the pools were also very clean and sanitary. The beach is just luxurious with some cabanas which can be rented for the day, these also have fantastic service, where food and drink is always available and offered. I would definitely recommend this hotel for any families looking for an all inclusive holiday.

118. Yorum: Great hotel really blew us away with everything. There is building works going on outside of the hotel however you do not hear or see anything. Just disappointing that you pay full price when only half of the area is available.
However you can not fault the staff. The service around the pool is outstanding with the waiters on roller skates. Especially one called Mete Roller Skates who everyday brought our drinks without asking and went above and beyond every day of our stay.

119. Yorum: As a dual citizen of Turkey but live in Australia and a well seasoned traveller, this has to be one of the best hotels we have stayed in for a long time!
The value for money, service, amenities and food are top notch and worth every star rating possible.
Highly recommend booking a cabana before your stay as they are almost always booked out 1-2 weeks in advance!

120. Yorum: It is our second time here. This time we took the grandparents as well to take care of our children. Currently there are some construction works going on on site. The children's playground is being built so there is no chance to let your kid's play outside  except of pool and sea (it won't be finished before August 2023 according to staff). Other things were renovated fully. I just don't understand why the playground did not have more priority before other buildings (Like Shisha Bar etc.) in a hotel which is visited mostly by families. I needed to report every day that the A/C is not working in our room.  They did something and in the night it was okay but the next day we needed to report it again. Some of the new beds on the beach are broken. They needed to check it regularly.  Staff is very kind and they need to be paid very well. Their job is outstanding.

Overall except of small inconvenience our stay was pleasant here and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a family vacation with a great value of service.

We will come back.

121. Yorum: The hotel is absolutely amazing. Everything you want for you and your child under one roof. Pools, bars, restaurants are in abundance. Very clean, great food and lots to do. Staff are attentive and friendly. The only thing I would say is the location could be slightly better (nearer sandy beaches and nightlife) but everything for the children and had the best holiday here. Would highly recommend.

122. Yorum: Brilliant hotel and amazing staff. I will definitely be coming back next year. We had the White party last night, it was spectacular. I would definitely recommend. The hotel has lots of water slides and multiple activities for kids and adults.

123. Yorum: Outstanding beautiful food excellent spoiled for choice lots of options very busy but staff an food plentiful an friendly place cool pools nr beach an bar events an cocktails stunning gardens an amazing place to enjoy an stay hard working staff clean and tidy shops in side an out lots of excursions to do visit harbour get a boat trip very picturesque destination beach nice too an even better further up indoor pool fab too sauna an spa a must just try them excursions for shopping at mall great too weather not bad at all warm enough an pleasant

124. Yorum: Rooms lovely... staff food and  service  outstanding  .. sunshine ....  on abundance
Mustafa on the cabana was absolutely  fantastic highly recommend.
Entertainment  absolutely  fab ... hotel  lovely and clean staff always at hand to  keep the  place tidy.
Coffee kiosk a godsend and the girls are so lovely

125. Yorum: Great experience. Very friendly staff, nice food and facilities. A lot of activities for kids from 0900 to mid night...the best so far. Plenty of options for vegetarians. A lot of sports activities and water sports for adults.
We had a good time.

126. Yorum: I have had the best experience here. The service is on par with the Max Royal (which costs 5 x the amount) The food has a good variety and the A la Carte restaurants at the beach for lunch are amazing. The staff in the kids club are so friendly and welcoming especially the man who runs the football. The grounds are very clean. Mete on the roller skates goes over and above to make your trip special. We will defiantly return. Thanks so much.

127. Yorum: Lovely hotel, brilliant food, guest relations Zubaida Yasmin very helpful and polite 5 star service, staff very helpful, rooms are cleaned daily, I would recommend this hotel. Staff are great!! For families with children it’s good hotel!!!

128. Yorum: Staff are amazing  cleaners and waitresses.
Louisa, Ali and Muhammed skaters around the pool they are excellent they go above and beyond to make your stay amazing and to make sure you have your drinks and are so hard working. Kids club is amazing all the staff are very good with children!!

129. Yorum: Everything within this resort was amazing! The service was top tier luxury as well as the activities within the resort. I would highly recommend for anyone to come her as a family, group of friends or even on your own! It’s very safe here. Myself and my friend came here and we felt very safe and protected within the resort!

130. Yorum: Absolutely loved everything about this resort. Really good value for money vacation !! I hope they are paying all their staff well because the staff was absolutely fantastic. Everyone was so polite and generous and really keen to help. Would love to go there again.

131. Yorum: It’s been good holiday with friends !! It was my first time here the food and drinks are very delicious!!! We enjoyed everything and definitely would come back!!!! And I had great time here !! The guest relations team are so helpful!! Big shout out for Zenaida she is amazing and so helpful!!!

132. Yorum: The food and drinks were as expected and I have no complaints whatsoever.
Branded drinks, quality food and even the shows at night have not disappointed. The location the staff the weather is all superb. Please ignore any negative comments as this hotel is amazing unless you usually live in a six or seven star lifestyle

133. Yorum: Wonderful experience. The resort has everything, the food is fantastic and fresh. Alot of variety is available. So many options to choose from.

134. Yorum: Lovely hotel !! Rooms are great the view is beautiful ! Service is great !! Big shout out to Guest relations Zubaida is extremely helpful and nice!!! We enjoyed everything!!! The pool is nice and hitting!!special attention for details so nice we got a birthday set up to our rooms it was so lovely!!!

135. Yorum: The hotel was really nice and quiet and it was very beautiful. The food was very tasty and the cocktails are nice. The staff are very helpful and always smiling. The sports entertainment are very good. The beach was very clean and the cabana’s were clean and beautiful to stay in.

136. Yorum: Let down by the advertising.
Nit the best selection of food for Breakfast.  Nowhere to get dnacks or ice cream during the day. Dec/Jan.

Might be better in the summer.

Drinks advertised on the drinks menu where unavailable.

Mare the best of the holiday though  Winter Sun.

137. Yorum: We stayed here for 14 days. Lovely family friendly atmosphere. Rooms are cleaned every day and full drinks fridge. Nice staff in kids club. Great activities during the day. Food is very tasty and fresh every morning. We liked our chat with Slava from guest relations explained important details about the stay. Thanks.

138. Yorum: The staff is very friendly and helpful. There is a variety of food selection in main dinning hall. Overall we were very happy to have come to this hotel.

139. Yorum: The hotels service is excellent we travelled all over the world and this is the best hotel !!! We loved the outside hotel area!!!! I liked the snack restaurant!!! The room is brilliant!!! Facilities are very good and the housekeeping is very nice!!! And on special ocasions they provided the shampaign and cakes is so nice!!!

140. Yorum: First time at the titanic. Definitely didn’t disappoint.
Staff are super friendly, they can’t do enough for you. Love the waiters on roller skates around the pool. The restaurants are excellent with a great selection of food. Love that they have beach front restaurants for snacks that serve freshly cooked food to order like pizzas, pasta etc. we will defiantly be returning in the future.
Kids club had just opened the day after we arrived that allow you to drop your kids off if you need a well needed hours rest.
The decking over the beach is excellent with lots of seating and a bar.

141. Yorum: Great hotel, overall very clean. No issues with this hotel. Most staff are great but the ones who go that extra mile really stand out especially the entertainment team including Angela and Nergiz who have made us feel welcome also have to mention AliKo from the bar team & the cleaning team too as they are ever so friendly despite the language barrier. We have been spoilt during our time here having two birthdays and the hotel making extra effort to make our day’s special (wine, fruit, cake, birthday card and decorations). We did travel out of season (Nov/Dec) so need to bear in mind most facilities are shut and weather is hit miss but that’s understandable. We hope to be back in the near future..

142. Yorum: This is the first time we visited the Titanic Deluxe Lara. All we have to say it’s an exceptional hotel which catered for all our needs. Very clean and superb service, exceptional food and very relaxing atmosphere, which does not compromise anything apart from first class. We will visit again next time we come to Turkey. Thank you for all your support and a wonderful time.

143. Yorum: Staff very nice ( especially Veronika) , wide selection of food, entertainment for everyone, animation team very friendly, cabanas were very relaxing, good music in club. White party was amazing, kids loves the fireworks. Need to add black sambuca to the bars only thing. Overall lovely hotel highly recommend.

144. Yorum: Everything fantastic so far. Great food and very comfortable room. So much to do at the hotel with choices of pools and beach. The best sunbeds...so up market. Weather is amazing. Great service in restaurants and at the bars. Evening entertainment is great!

145. Yorum: All aspects of the service has been excellent. The cocktails are amazing and the staff are so friendly! Food is delicious and staff always encourage us so get involved in the games which have been a lot of fun!

146. Yorum: We came for a week in august with family and had a great time. There’s lots to do and the food choices are incredible. We spent 3 days on the cabanas at the beach and Mustafa was amazing and made sure we had everything we needed. On the last day he decorated the cabana with balloons for my husband.

Would also like to mention how polite and friendly the girls at the coffee bar were too and also the Mohammed the girl pictured who serve on the skates were excellent!

147. Yorum: Amazing hotel and  amazing service. The staff are great and so welcoming. Furkan was one of the staff and he was lovely and made us feel very welcome! Everything is all inclusive and the food is great! Everything you could possibly need is in the hotel and other shops are walking distance. We went for a boat trip to the waterfalls and the view was incredible.  Will definitely be returning x

148. Yorum: The service in this hotel is really good.
Friendly personel, especially near the pool.
They serve on roller skates!!
We where served by Mete the while vacation and he was really nice.
Our 2-year old loved him!!
The rooms are also very good, and there is more food than you can eat!
We will come back for sure!!!

149. Yorum: Very good services from very nice people. Evening shows are amazing, late show top. Hotel is great and food is excellent. Very good selection of Cocktails, made of brand Alcool. The Beach is clean and beds are well prepared with towels every morning.

150. Yorum: Fantastic holiday here July 2024 everything was 5🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟. Lovely staff and a great location.

151. Yorum: The hotel is absolutely beautiful the staff are amazing the food entertainment is absolutely great!! Especially Murat Polat is very kind and smile, very happy!
About restaurant, the restaurant really good. We come again with our children next month, definitely! Entertainment is very good. Cabanas very beautiful!!!

152. Yorum: The staff is great. The meat selection is great. Hotel amenities are superb. The rooms are clean. Dessert is just amazing! The only downside was that restaurant waiters should speak some English. English level is not sufficient since many people are from abroad. The new year party menu should be re-visited for vegetarian people. It's so much meat. Please make an alternative food. Also at the main restaurant, we have not seen any shrimp, muscle, etc. Only grilled fillet fish. Please increase your seafood levels like grilled shrimp or sea bass. The rest was great. Thanks all

153. Yorum: Honestly, one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. When it comes to choice of food and drinks, you simply can't go wrong - there is so much choice. The staff are so friendly and can't do enough for you. Whether on the beach or round the pool there is alway a bar or waiter service, with drinks served by glass or beer in the bottles (Efes). This is my first trip here but it won't be my last.

154. Yorum: Staff very attentive lovely hotel and resort. Arrived brilliant rooms. Place very clean staff lovely. All round a lovely hotel with excellent entertainment. Pools are great would definitely come back for another holiday

155. Yorum: Staff very friendly & couldn’t do enough for us as we celebrate our Golden wedding anniversary.
Excelkent food & service. Highly recommended.
Comfortable beds, cleaning staff do an excellent job.
Beach beds & beach staff work hard to make our holiday oerfect.

156. Yorum: Excellent service for 10 days stay hotel immaculate throughout food amazing. Staff very friendly and helpful throughout our stay.  Entertainment is great throughout the day as well as night. Plenty to do (bowling, games room, football etc). Will definitely be returning

157. Yorum: We booked Titanic Resort at Lara Beach for one week commencing from 01 Nov 2023 and we have had one of the best time there. It’s an amazing resort with top class service. They ensure to provide you luxury, comfort and convenience. Moreover, their attention to detail is commendable, the resort is always kept in an immaculate condition, the cleaning crew and domestic staff are working throughout the day to keep the place spotless.

The buffet service is amazing, there is a vast variety as their menu is versatile. They do inclusive plus package which allows you to have unlimited breakfast, lunch and dinner. Furthermore, you get to have unlimited access to all the bars/drinks/cafe counters etc subject to their timings. All the staff is very friendly and cooperative, they welcome you with a great smile regardless of how many times you bother them.

My kids loved the Kikoa Club as they used to go there everyday for 3 hours, it includes many activities for all ages but my kids opted for soft play area as well as play station room. They take all the relevant details, register once and keep in touch incase needed. The resort also has a bowling and pool area, tennis and basketball court, football field and kids park. There are also multiple outdoor swimming pools, water slides and a water park for all the ages to maximise the fun element. But I personally like the indoor pool as it’s temperature maintained and allow through access to gym, sauna, steam and shower room and there is also a Turkish bath !

The resort is located within the close proximity of local bazar/market which is pretty handy incase you want to explore the night life or buy gifts etc. There are also plenty of places to eat/drink/buy etc.

In a nutshell, the whole experience was outstanding as there was so much fun to have and a lot to do, the list can go on and on. We would definitely come back again to Titanic Resort as we believe it’s a perfect place for a family holiday !

158. Yorum: Great Facilities at the hotel and food is excellent. Staff are always happy to help also easy to book activities like bowling, spa.  Hotel has good location easily accessible beech. With beech bar and snack bar.

159. Yorum: Having a weeks stay with partner and 3 teens. Hotel has been great so far lots to do. Enjoyed the snack bar at lunch and waiters on skates very attentive. Waffles have also been popular.

160. Yorum: Had such a great time at this resort, really didn’t want to leave and would definitely go back! It has everything for every age…Food, drinks, pools, beach, great staff, activities. Loved the exercise classes near the beach, with a great sea view and sea breeze. Thank you to Demetris - Fly Yoga and Nergis -Trampoline: kept me fit! Plus the shows in the evening were top quality - even my teenage boys enjoyed them. Not sure about allowing kids at the disco after though.

161. Yorum: We have spent a great week at the Titanic. All staff work incredibly hard all day long and the resort is absolutely spotless. I would definitely recommend booking a cabana. We had a poolside cabana for 2 days and a pier cabana for 1 day. Service was exceptional and definitely worth the extra money. All food & drink is to a really high standard in the main buffet restaurant and bar areas.

162. Yorum: PLEASE read this before you book here!
هموطنان فارسی زبان عزیز لطفا از این هتل دوری کنین! چون واقعا اکثر کارمندانشون کمترین احترام رو به فارسی زبانها میذارن و به بدترین نحو ممکن برخورد میکنن. واقعا پولی رو که در ایران به سختی درمیارین اینجا به هدر ندین.
لطفا این ریویو رو لایک کنین تا بقیه‌ی هموطنان هم متوجه بشن که اینجا چه خبره!

This is definitely NOT a 5 star Hotel. You could barely say it is a 3 star.
I would definitely not recommend it.

If you would’d like to know more details, please consider of the reasons below. I have shorten the issues we faced there but the list is long.

The level of the service you would receive is so random and there is no consistency and each staff would treat you differently depending on their mood, attitude or obviously if you tip (which I tested it myself).

There was a huge short of staff and terrible attitude, we had to clean the tables ourselves most of the time, and if you had asked for something, it’d be either forgotten or served after ages.

I got bitten by a fish on my both feet when swimming in the sea of the Hotel’s beach, which made an awful pain and bleeding, i asked for a doctor to have it checked, they sent a nurse who had no gloves on when treating me, dangerous for her and me! And I was asked if I want to see a doctor, I have to pay €120!!! I was still in their hotel premises, and I was told they’ve never had such experience before, but yet they didn’t care what could have happened to me unless I pay for the doctor! Their concept of their guests’s health is behind any moral standards!

We were 3 families and then I stayed for another week with my partner and unfortunately it was an awful experience.

The hotel was literally like a sunk Titanic and it seems so depressing. And everything you ask the response is either they are busy or They are in the winter concept which contradicts being busy! And we were still in the early autumn.

The hotel barely has been maintained and you can spot a lot of issues. the rooms look very aged. Don’t fall for the pictures they have edited and uploaded them themselves.
The lighting system in the family area is broken and every other bulb works. My sister in law fell down the stairs at night, luckily she got away from a serious accident.

The AC makes a loud noise which we ended up turning them off during the night and it was hot, imagine being there in the middle of the summer!!

The cleanliness is not for a 5 star hotel, the level of hygiene could be definitely questioned. You could see in the kitchen area the guy who was making the kebabs was cleaning his sweat with bare hand and then touching the food to serve!!! Honestly disgusting!

I spoke to many of the guests there, and Honestly no one was happy and everyone agreed this is NOT a 5 star hotel.

If you don’t tip, you are less welcomed! I started tipping some of the staff and their attitude changed totally. I always tip where are receive a good serving but I when it becomes mandatory it is out of the concept. We all have already paid for the service to be served here.
There were only a few good ones in fairness.
Zarian, was one of the few who was very friendly and respectful.

The main indoor restaurant was full of burnt oil smell and it was hot, so we would always have to sit outside.

The beach was never cleaned!

Please DON’T fall for these good reviews! Which we did! The reason for all these good reviews are they approach the gussets to encourage them to leave a good review, even when they say they were not happy, they still ask for it and just say they are SORRY!

If you notice most of the people who left 5 star review, has only one or two reviews in their account! Which I missed it myself when checking!

If you have read this review and it was helpful to you, please make sure you like it,  so more people can be aware and stay away from this place!

163. Yorum: It is are 2nd day and the staff, night time staff & food staff have been fabulous they go over and beyond for you. Friendly, helpful, really nice. Children facilities are amazing, so much for my son to do.

Thank you to Maria she was very friendly and helpful.

164. Yorum: Great staff and service. Food is absolutely amazing and has amazing variety of choices for eating. Room was very clean and tidy. Mini bar in room always stocked. Svetlana greeted us on arrival in reception and was amazing in helping us get to know the layout of the hotel. Reception staff and restaurant staff were amazing at helping me with my allergies and advising me on what I can and can’t eat and what everything was made with. Over all 5 out of 5 will definitely be back!!

165. Yorum: What an amazing hotel, everything about our stay has been 5 star. From the resort, rooms and all of the staff we have had a magical stay and will definitely be returning. We’ve been to Mexico and this hotel is better why travel 10 hours when you can travel 4 for better service

166. Yorum: Dilaver, Maria, Murat and the team we’re amazing at the cabanas today. Great, service, drinks and food. We’re having a ball. Evening shows are fantastic. Amazing resort. Good variety of water sports. The staff make it as fun as possible!!!

167. Yorum: It was an amazing holiday we was so happy to be here. The bar staff, the waiters on roller skates were so helpful and happy. The animation was perfect and I wanna say thank you to Furkan, Lisa and Victoria from animation. They made our holiday and we will come back soon. Thanks for the party's and laughs 😃

168. Yorum: Lovely hotel and great location. Excellent for children, especially around the pool and Ali who gets your drinks! Lovely staff and very friendly and helpful. We've had a great experience so far!

169. Yorum: The Titanic Hotel is very Good. The Food is very delicious and they have a big selection.
We came to this Hotel with Family 20 times and everything is great. Animation Team, service in the cabanas, Show, Party, Food and the rooms. But this year the service Team in the Main Restaurant 16+ was not so kind. Also in Party, Service don’t come over to table for drinks. Harry and Viki <3 we Play Volleyball everyday, best Volley Team!!

170. Yorum: SAFETY AT THIS HOTEL IS AN ISSUE
SEE THE PICTURES

Food is brilliant, pools are great and the entertainment is some of the best I have seen, however some of the staff are rude and we have been on the end of a personal attack regarding our children. When the lady was called up to apologise it was insincere and as usual her English became less fluent than the past week. Some of the reception staff also need to learn to smile. Majority of staff are great but in hospitality you can't go slagging children off because of the speed of throwing a bowling ball.
Minibar not stocked daily either which is supposed to be standard.
Fish a la carte restaurant is amazing though

171. Yorum: This is our first stay at the Titanic Deluxe and it’s been fabulous. The food has been fantastic, lots of bars to choose from. We have a boy aged 6 and he’s loved it. There’s a great kids club too!

Friendly staff, always happy to help. Great entertainment lined up each night. Our favourite so far is probably the Michael Jackson History show - great fun.

We’re sad to be heading to the uk. We’d love to come back!

172. Yorum: Service excellent , drinks lovely , the kids really enjoyed every part , bowling , gaming , pools and lots of ice cream. The kids club was very well thought.
Cleanliness was above expectation very good hotel will defiantly be coming back.

173. Yorum: My experience of the titanic has been amazing from the food to the kids club, all of the bar staff are so helpful. The cabanas are amazing especially with a 18 month old. Our room is always so clean and mini bar stocked up. Our third time and it just keeps getting better and better especially with all the new improvement it’s just the best place to visit we love it.

174. Yorum: The Titanic Deluxe was absolutely stunning, the hotel even while at full capacity did not feel crowded or too busy. all of the paid extra restaurants are absolutely worth it, the steakhouse (beef) was our favourite food wise, then the italian one was best for service. Japanese place had a huge meal and was absolutely amazing. all the staff have been extremely kind and helpful. the spa and the private pier cabana is also so amazing i recommend you do it at least once while here. nothing bad to say. so beautiful here and amazing service. AND TONS OF POKEMON GO STOPS AND SPAWNS IF YOURE INTO THAT 🤣

175. Yorum: This is a really great hotel! We had a wonderful holiday. The hotel takes great care of its guests. Delicious food, helpful staff, cleanliness, amazing evening show. We would love to come back here, maybe this season 😉 We recommend it!

176. Yorum: Everything is perfect, cannot be faulted in any way. The staff are so kind and generous, loads of space to play and relax. Kids club is great. Food is out of this world. You have to come.

177. Yorum: Rooms not cleaned 3 days no clean towels no clean sheets, wallpaper coming off walls, had to buy own toilet rolls, not a 5 star hotel, facilities closed .for the amount charged for this holiday is outrageous,  not receiving the quality or service in this hotel. Our experience its appalling service , and can be misleading. I've also taken photographs.
All in all a terrible holiday . We are leaving in 2 hours

178. Yorum: Amazing stay our 7 year old had a ball of a time. & So did we 😊

