1. Yorum: Chatmbre: Not enough light in the room. Otherwise good overall Restaurant: standard in the morning, different buffets available near the swimming pools with multiple choices depending on the time, in the evening a few dishes that change. After a while you've been around the block. we didn't go to the a la carte restaurants. Swimming pools: you have to get up early to reserve your sun loungers using your towels. The pools are not full, it was pretty cool, we had our space. Nice slide for kids. 2. Yorum: This is my first day with family, it doesn't deserve 5 stars, we slept badly on a concrete mattress, the cleanliness leaves something to be desired. I hope we will be happy for the rest... Here after a few days, I give a real opinion. Very disappointed overall, for the price of 17,000 euros for 3 adults and 3 children 14 nights we deserved better. The cleaning lady, I have nothing to say, smiling and helpful. The activities were ridiculous as hell on the part of the pool staff, there were even some who were arrogant with my daughter and didn't speak English to make themselves understood. The buffet, quite a bit of choice, the waiter who looked after us was very helpful and attentive (back of the restaurant), at the start of the restaurant the waiters were cold and didn't like their job). Small downside I caught a stomach bug, the visit from the hotel doctor was 135 euros, honestly it's excessive 😱, I can't wait to get back in good shape! On the other hand, the beach terrace is my favorite spot. 10/10. We were unlucky at reception, we came across a stuck and unpleasant person, with a 2 hour flight delay, we arrived at 2 a.m. Doesn't even offer a welcome glass of water or a bracelet... he promised us a room change but is still waiting, we all have back pain because of the mattresses or bad bed base! And we have the right to a hidden life cluttered with waste (see photo), for 14 days, the worst trip, can't wait to return. Too bad because we come to Turkey every year but this will be the last time in your hotel. 3. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel I would like to share my dissatisfaction with this establishment, firstly the food (always the same and leaves something to be desired, the desserts are tempting but really no taste) drinks (not great, low-end alcohol) the average staff, the spacious rooms but you'd think your neighbors were in the same room because you could hear everything, not too many games in the pools for children, just slides, for a so-called ROYALE to avoid, stone group really low-end, everyone has their opinion but take it into consideration because having already stayed in several hotels in Turkey this remains the worst I've ever stayed in, really to flee 4. Yorum: The whole hotel was very clean, the rooms were very well cleaned every day. The staff was very attentive, smiling, welcoming, really nothing to say... 5. Yorum: After seeing several establishments in the area, the Royal Holiday is my favorite. The catering is just excellent and a huge choice of fresh produce. Cleanliness and food are strong points. All the staff are really caring and very helpful. Hotel with lots of entertainment. Lobby of very spacious excellence. Negative points: for a five star hotel there is a lack of freshly squeezed juices, all the cocktails are diluted and the wifi is very poor. For such a large establishment there is a shortage of staff. During the activities, please turn down the music from a really loud tone, think of people who have hearing problems and because of the high volume, many people cannot participate in the activities. 6. Yorum: I am currently at the Royal Holiday palace since Sunday with my girlfriend. The hotel is really beautiful and very clean. Unfortunately very disappointed with the food, the dishes are cold, whatever the food! The entertainment and shows leave something to be desired, as does the atmosphere. The staff at reception are very welcoming but on the other hand in the restaurant the waiters do not come to you, it is up to you to call them just like at the swimming pool... The prices of the shop and hairdresser in the hotel are exaggerated and even for the evening activities we had to pay 24€ to participate in a bingo lottery which is just crazy given the price of the hotel 7. Yorum: Top hotel! Beautiful, very clean. Very spacious room and neat decor. Very varied buffet, you can feel the difference between a 4 and a 5*, lots of choice and well presented. Magnificent complex, amazing swimming pool. Smiling staff. The only downside is that the indoor pool is cold, and the prices for a treatment or massage are expensive. But we had such a wonderful stay that I still gave it a 5* rating. 8. Yorum: The hotel is sublime, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families. A spacious and clean room with a magnificent view (sea, swimming pool, mountains). The restaurant is still good, there is a lot of choice, of course, but always the same thing. The negative points that unfortunately I encountered are the wifi, there is no connection except in the room! The prices for hotel treatments remain exorbitant. Nevertheless we had a pleasant week at the top 9. Yorum: Very nice hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean. The food is good and varied. The staff are friendly and attentive. The sea is just ahead and the gravel beach is quite clean. Magnificent swimming pools for all tastes. The only downside is that some users swim fully clothed from head to toe. 10. Yorum: The food is always the same every day, plus I think the chef doesn't taste the meals that are prepared, really no taste, drink not tasty, room not bright enough, room service, radio silence..... Oh yes!!! WiFi network a real disaster no swimming pool entertainment for children it is more for adults and the hotel is not family friendly. 11. Yorum: I stayed 10 days in this extraordinary hotel covering the period of Christmas and New Year 2023. It was a first for me in Türkiye. The cleanliness is just perfect, the customer service is just wonderful. The hotel staff are so kind, considerate, attentive to your every need that I cried... (Small gift hung on the door for Christmas, special Christmas party, special New Year's party with Show and Concert, without any supplement, ...) Room service 24 hours a day, Lounge Bar open 24 hours a day, Bistro-Patisserie open 24 hours a day, ... This is where you understand what the Ultra All In Exclusive means! The room is very spacious and very comfortable. Many thanks to the employees of the Royal Holiday Palace hotel, I had the best holiday of my life, I can't wait to come back from your hotel :-) 12. Yorum: First day on site. Excellent welcome. Beautiful room. After a great stay I can say that the hotel is magnificent. Very friendly staff despite the language barrier. Top cleanliness. Amazing pool. 13. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the rooms are correct and spacious, free mini bar in the rooms No iron However, the entertainment, meal times are very strict No kebab after 2 p.m. No pizza after 2 p.m. No ice cream after 4 p.m. No slide for children after 5 p.m. No amusement park after 9 p.m. Wide variety of food but no quality There is a lack of entertainment in the hotel. We can hear a lot of music from the neighboring hotel which seems very lively. The hours are not suitable for a family and I think the hotel is understaffed. They pick up the desserts (fruit) at 8:30 p.m. while the restaurant closes at 9:00 p.m. The hotel is indeed 5 stars but the service offered is not 14. Yorum: Luxurious hotel, good reception. Top-notch restoration. Attentive staff. Very beautiful beach. I highly recommend this hotel 15. Year: Nice hotel Food not great (no grill) Positive points: Slide for children and adults great. Big up to the gentleman who manages the children's slides (patient and kind). Points negatifs: Mini club nul. The educators hardly welcome anyone. we have to go to them. The children are left alone in their corner. Activities last 10 minutes. In short, I didn't leave my daughter there. Mini disco null. Always the same music. No children's show. 16. Comment: Hotel d'excellence ! The staff is very welcoming and professional. They are always there to serve us. No language problem. Very nice performance!! Really looking forward to going back. 17. Yorum: Nice hotel, out of the center of Antalya. The food is good there, we were very well served in the hotel restaurant by Ali Gorcu, a very nice waiter, very welcoming and very human. Lots of activities for kids to do. 18. Yorum: Excellent stay! The welcome was wonderful, the feeling of being a king for a few days 😀😀, fantastic swimming pool. The huge room!!!! Thanks to all, family hotel, the hotel is located about 25 minutes from Antalya airport 19. Yorum: I have been to several hotels in Lara, this one is the worst, lousy service, lousy food, cold, bland, tasteless, slides for children, no lifeguard, no security, no welcome drinks at reception, sorry but those who give 5 stars, it is certainly the first time they have come to Turkey, to be avoided honestly 20. Yorum: Perfect hotel. Very clean. Very friendly staff Mevlut's coffee at the Beach bar is delicious, very friendly The only disappointing thing is the massage at the spa center, not recommended apart from that nothing to say except the hotel 21. Yorum: Don't speak French!! No one speaks French, too many Russians and Germans!! Friendly servers but don't speak French, very expensive service Sauna, Hammam... everything is expensive, too bad!! Beautiful hotel!! Very nice swimming pool with entertainment for children, slides, attentive staff, varied food..., 22. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, the swimming pools and the beach are ideal for families, the rooms are spacious and clean, the waiters are great, I don't like to say that but the food is mediocre, too bad you need to change cooks or invest in a thermomix 😂 23. Yorum: Magnificent, this hotel is an incredible luxury, the spacious rooms with balconies, the impeccable service, and the location 25 minutes from Antalya. 24. Yorum: Very nice hotel Smiling and attentive staff 15 minutes from the airport Close to the shopping center 25. Yorum: The meals were very good, the waiters were great 👌, good atmosphere with the hosts. Top hotel 👌 26. Yorum: The servers are great 👌 Great entertainment, the staff are always smiling. Always a great atmosphere with activities, magnificent hotel 👌👍 27. Yorum: The mini club leaders are great with the children, thank you. Beautiful Beautiful (Gina) 28. Yorum: Too much lamb in the dishes, otherwise everything else was perfect 👌🏼, top service 29. Yorum: The wifi is a real disaster, no entertainment, the waiters are always sulking, the food is always the same 30. Yorum: Very good hotel but the food leaves something to be desired... 31. Yorum: Very nice hotel, magnificent green spaces, very varied catering 32. Yorum: best holiday spent in this hotel, I highly recommend 33. Comment: Super family hotel. everything is great. 34. Comment: 👍🏼 35. Yorum: Very nice, very welcoming hotel 36. Yorum: Perfect, great value for money!!! 37. Yorum: Too expensive for nothing!!! 38. Comment: Bien 39. Yorum: Beautiful 40. Comment: Le Exelent 41. Yorum: We were here for a week during fall break. 2 adults and two children (12/10). The hotel is clean and tidy, but a little dated and outdated. The pool area is really great and the slides were awesome 👍 The main restaurant gets really busy at peak times and you might want to consider going for dinner a little later. Overall it was a great holiday. 42. Yorum: Too bad the beautiful facade of the hotel has very old rooms. The pool is beautiful but also very cold; however, I did not dive into the pool because it was cold. The staff, including the restaurant manager, do not understand customer service. Too bad because the hotel is very nice. I must say that after the wonderful conversation with the lady from the management, things changed for the better, so from 2 stars I put 4 for the complex. 43. Yorum: I can definitely recommend this place. The staff is very friendly… Borat, Halil, Bedo…. and other names that I unfortunately don't remember from the animation team. The atmosphere was still there. We always had a lot of fun swimming and going to the evening shows. The food was also very well prepared, with plenty of choice. There is always something to eat according to your desires. Also desserts: fruits and desserts. Large swimming pool, 5 minutes walk to the sea. It is also a very child-friendly hotel. 44. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel on 08/18/2024. The staff welcomed us very friendly. The room was clean and tidy. Drinks are available in the room's mini-fridge and are complimentary (beer, cola, juice, etc.) and are replenished daily. The pools were quite large and there were sufficient staff serving drinks poolside. Breakfast, lunch and dinner were delicious. It was possible to find almost any kind of food. Meats, vegetables, fried foods, soups, etc. There were also many varieties of salads and desserts. As soon as you sit at your table, a waiter comes to take your drink order. No matter how busy the restaurant is, your drink should be at its maximum. 2 minutes. He goes inside. M. Fahrettin Ba**, who worked at the restaurant, was very attentive and friendly. I hope that the number of people who do their job so well and with love will increase. The fact that the hotel has an amusement park and is free can be a real choice, especially for families with children. We went to the amusement park every night and had a great time. (The amusement park is also available in some hotels, but it costs extra, be careful about that) I would like to make some suggestions; (These are not big issues, just small things that I think would be better) 1) First of all, the hallway where you exit the pool and enter the hotel (the hallway where you enter through the revolving door, where the market and the photographer are) is extremely cold. Is it necessary for this corridor to be. so cold? People already get out of the pool half wet and have to go straight through this corridor, so they end up with inextricable cold/cold, etc. They enter the cycle. 2) The pool is cleaned in the evening, I saw it every night, but even though I entered the pool early in the morning, there were little things on the ground in some places. Yes, the pool is very big, but the cleaning. could be done a little more in depth, especially in the wooded areas. 3) It would be advantageous to place one or two fans in the garden/balcony areas of the restaurant and on the stage of the amphitheater where the events take place. Some evenings it is very difficult to eat or attend shows because of the heat. Everyone tries to cool off with whatever they can find. Following all these writings; I would like to clarify that I will return to the hotel next year. Enjoy your work.. 45. Yorum: A great clean hotel, but it's getting old. However, it is very well maintained and clean. The service in the lobby, dining room and bars is very good. Regarding the food, I unfortunately have to say that it was far too cold for us personally, but there is nothing to complain about in terms of choice. The entertainment team was good, but I've seen better. Maybe it's because the season is coming to an end and the team is simply exhausted. Overall we were very satisfied and will be back. 46. Yorum: I just came back from this hotel. And I have to say we had a great time. The hotel is beautiful with lots of English speaking staff and excellent service. They really care about you. I had to see the doctor while I was here and he sent me a free bottle of wine with fruit and a card. So sweet of them. I would 100% go back. I stayed at the Liberty Lara next door 6 years ago and as everyone knows it is a high end hotel that is very difficult to book at peak times. But the Royal Holiday Palace is really giving them a hard time. Great stay sad to be back home. 47. Yorum: I went to this hotel for the third time after 10 years. My compliments, after all these years it still looked good. The only difference we noticed was that the vegetation had grown considerably. The outdoor pool always looked great. The staff were again great, with the exception of a few. The food was good, but it was noticeable that it was geared towards Eastern Blockaders. In my opinion the entertainment team was allowed to do a little more, dance groups were often flown in for the evening shows. I had another great holiday and I highly recommend it.... 48. Yorum: At the moment I am still in the hotel with 2 teenagers, but I would like to enthusiastically let potential guests know that they should just book this hotel if they are looking for a family hotel!! 😃 What a great hotel, both inside and out. The staff are extremely hospitable, helpful and will literally do anything for you, whether it's 37 degrees or whatever. They are literally running!!! Thank you for this experience! Every night a different theme in terms of food, until today the food was excellent and therefore varied. The bathroom has minimal mold in the grout, other than that I have no complaints about the cleaning or the room! Excellent service ! I have 2 tips; Everyone gets the same wristband, maybe it would be helpful to give the under 18s a different colour wristband? Children can literally consume alcohol and it doesn't feel good to me as a mother because I can't constantly keep up with the children. And possibly a bit more entertainment for 14/15/16/17 year olds in the evening? Thank you for this wonderful experience in this beautiful hotel. 49. Yorum: I am very disappointed! This was our second stay at this hotel and we were simply amazed. The room was incredibly dirty. The cups in the room were simply rinsed with water. The dirt was still stuck. We observed it precisely! The kettle was incredibly dirty! Dangerous for health! The food was absolutely not good at all and I had diarrhea. The children's pool is not attractive for little ones. There was a lot of damage to the facility. We got hurt several times!!! The food and hygiene were an absolute disaster! For such a high price, I expect a little more! 50. Yorum: Another amazing place from STONE GROUP and for us our second stay in one of these royal hotels. For the first time we visited Royal Wings, which has been our favorite ever since. The Royal Holiday Palace is very beautiful. We found the rooms a little old-fashioned. The outdoor area is amazing, the pool that runs from the hotel and almost down to the beach is incredible. The new children's area with water slides is amazing. The restaurant is a bit simple and not as nice as Royal Wings. The staff is friendly. Unfortunately, since our arrival yesterday, we have seen more staff members crying while doing their jobs. It's a bit hard to see staff crying because it somehow means that their working conditions might not be good!! Outside the hotel you will find many shops - bazaars - and it is great to visit these to do something a little different. We are now looking forward to another 6 days here. 51. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for the 2nd time during our vacation in Türkiye. The hotel is great, from the outside it is beautiful, the hotel exudes luxury from the outside. You will be welcomed and your suitcases will be immediately taken care of by the staff. Everyone prefers to do everything for you so you have to do little or nothing yourself, a good service overall. The food is also good, every night there is a different theme, and during the day you can eat anywhere, there are also restaurants at the hotel where you can eat for an extra charge if you wish. But it's EXTRA. It is more crowded in high season than during the May holidays, so we had to drop off our towels on time, it was no problem for us. The rooms look good and are changed daily with new towels and the bed made neatly. Unfortunately, they forgot to bring us new towels once. Just a big plus for the 2 servers who helped us with breakfast every morning. After a few days they knew exactly what we wanted to drink and we didn't need to order it anymore, the table was nicely set and the drinks were refilled. Good discussions and lots of laughs. The only downside I find is that if you are traveling late in the evening, they do not see or offer any options to possibly keep a room longer during the day or offer another room where you can only shower and freshen up. Even for payment, they don't want to bother. Too bad because it adds a sharp edge to your positive experience... 52. Yorum: The hotel is definitely not a five-star hotel. For breakfast, you can eat scrambled eggs made from powder like on an airplane or an omelet made from liquid from a box. You can dream of freshly squeezed juice - you order juice from concentrate in a carton from the waiter - otherwise, disgusting bolts from a vending machine. WiFi - does not work at all throughout the hotel, including the main lobby. As in other reviews, there is a problem with the elevators, but this is probably due to the number of guests in the hotel. Bathroom cosmetics in mini bottles, after two days we had to call reception to refill them - they brought us one... Poor beach - direct access to deep water, water not very clean. The water parks are great - but there is a complete lack of staff/lifeguards - lots of children going up the slides - it's surprising there weren't more serious accidents during our stay. Children's entertainment only exists on the schedule - in practice there is nothing. One of the hotel's strong points is the staff who do everything they can, but there are simply too few of them. At this price you can easily find a better hotel in Türkiye. 53. Yorum: We spent 10 days with our two young children (1 and 3 years old) at the Royal Holiday Palace and were completely satisfied. The complex is very child-friendly with many leisure activities such as swimming pools, slides, a playground, a disco and children's entertainment as well as a small amusement park (ferris wheel, swing boat, bumper cars, etc.). It was always clean, the staff were friendly and there was a good choice of varied food and themed nights at the buffet. As a rule, there were always enough sun loungers available at the pools and on the beach. Only slight negative: the pool with the new children's slides was very cold - refreshing on hot days, but a little uncomfortable for children on cooler, windy days - and the rooms were a little noisy. In short, a great family vacation! 54. Yorum: We left the hotel today. Everything was beautiful. As a very picky eater I usually had a hard time staying in hotels, but there was no way I could go hungry here, there was all sorts of food. The hotel staff were incredibly friendly and prompt. The animation team was also very successful, but there were always the same activities, we watched too many dance shows, different activities could have been done. Overall we were very satisfied and left the hotel very happy. Thank you for everything 🤩 55. Year: Royal Holiday Palace Lara - Visit from 30-07-2024 to 09-08-2024 Our stay at the Royal Holiday Palace Lara between 30th July and 9th August 2024 was unfortunately disappointing and certainly not the experience you would expect for the price you pay. Upon arrival we immediately noticed that the hotel was far too busy for the number of guests staying there. This led to a number of problems that made our stay considerably less enjoyable. Too busy and poor management The hotel was overcrowded, which directly affected the quality of the facilities. The food was often poorly prepared, probably due to the kitchen staff being overworked. In addition, the laying of towels started at 5am, making it almost impossible to get a deckchair, let alone a place under a parasol. Despite the policy of posting signs to prevent this, no action was taken by hotel staff. In fact, even when it was very busy, the hotel tried to install extra beds and umbrellas between the already occupied places, especially for Dutch-Turkish guests. This led to chaotic situations around the pool. Maintenance and cuts The maintenance of the facilities also left much to be desired. The on-site fair was in poor condition, as was the pier. It seems like the hotel is trying to save money in any way possible. This was also evident with the food: for a doner kebab, a tortilla was used instead of the traditional bread, which made the experience very disappointing. Additionally, drinks were served in paper cups and the food was limited throughout our stay. Conclusion Royal Holiday Palace Lara urgently needs to take a critical look at herself. It seems that people expect tourists to accept anything, no matter what price they pay. For a hotel that claims to offer luxury, this is absolutely unacceptable. The stay did not meet expectations in any way and for the price we paid the experience was simply disappointing. Unfortunately we cannot recommend this hotel at this time unless significant improvements are made. 56. Yorum: The holiday was very nice, the rooms were clean, the food was the same, the pools were big, clear and clean, the food at the snack bar was delicious, our only problem was that it was very hot, apart from that everything went well, especially the animation team entertained us a lot, they know their job very well. There are many activities for children at the mini club, we can leave our children safely and comfortably, they are the heroes of our holidays. Many thanks to the manager Derya Bey, Gizem Sef, Halil Sef, Yigit, Melisa, Evelina, Görkem, Emin, Omar, Borat and everyone whose names I forgot from the animation team, we plan to come back to this hotel. 57. Yorum: I can recommend it for a holiday with children because they offer many activities (some for a fee), swimming pools for all ages and the beach very close. They have shows every night that are worth seeing. They have a kindergarten for children, the girls are super super nice but unfortunately they only speak Turkish and English. Regarding the culinary side, I give them a 7, they have varied but tasteless food. Very friendly staff! Unfortunately, the cleaning of the rooms is superficial (the rooms are older). I recommend the Japanese restaurant. 58. Yorum: The hotel is good value for money. But for me it's not a 5 star hotel. The good first: - The staff is extremely friendly. - The hotel and garden are very clean and well maintained. - The location is also good. What's wrong: - The buffet restaurant is much too small for the number of hotel guests. Hence sometimes long waiting times at the buffets. Some of the food has gone cold. - The Internet is a disaster. It doesn't work at all in the pool and in the room only after 10:30 p.m. - The rooms are very spacious but very dark. Too little light, dark colours and one room doesn't even have a window. The carpet is questionable :-) - The service staff at the buffet restaurant is not to be envied. Far too few staff. Therefore, the tables are not cleared and dirty when you come later. But they are very friendly and do their best. Conclusion: If you are looking for a good family hotel at a reasonable price, you are well served here. But if you're looking for luxury, this probably isn't it. 59. Yorum: I have been coming with my family since 2011. This is the number 1 hotel that does not compromise on service and food. I would also like to thank Baştan Mutlu, Mustafa and Seher. Hamdi, Ramazan, Soner Bey and cuisine 60. Yorum: Family stay 2:1 (4 year old son). The hotel is beautiful and luxurious. Inside is the splendor of marble, everything is of the highest quality. Lots of swimming pools and sea access with its own jetty + jetty bar. The hotel is ideal for families with children (slides for children and adults) and an amusement park with carousels and a mill wheel - a great attraction for children. Additionally, there is a daily mini-disco for children and a show for adults. Very good service, smiling, helpful, great hosts. Quick access from the airport about 20-25 minutes. Lots of shops nearby. I highly recommend this hotel and we will definitely return one day 61. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay at the Royal Holiday Palace and can definitely recommend this hotel! Positive points: The complex is simply fantastic, especially the huge swimming pool invites you to relax. The gardens are well maintained and there is plenty of space to retreat. The staff were always friendly and attentive and we felt well looked after at all times. A real highlight was the food! The choice was wide and the theme nights offered a lot of variety. Whether in the main restaurant or in one of the snack bars/restaurants, everyone will find something to suit them here. We found it particularly pleasant that, despite booking a land-side room, we were given a room with a partial sea view - a great surprise! The entertainment evenings were also very entertaining, there was a lot of laughter. If you like shopping, you will find plenty of shopping opportunities in the immediate vicinity. Cons: The location to the airport is great, you can get there quickly. However, the journey to the city of Antalya is a bit difficult. It takes about an hour by bus and unfortunately a taxi is quite expensive. Here the hotel could probably offer a shuttle that goes back and forth to Antalya city once a day. If you pay a flat rate and register in advance, this should be no problem! Besides, other hotels do it too (even for free). It would be more relaxed and more cost-effective for holidaymakers. Conclusion: Overall we felt completely comfortable and really enjoyed our holiday! We would love to come back. 62. Yorum: We experienced things that are not appropriate for a 5-star hotel. There are no fans in the bars or where we sat outside, we passed out from the heat. Everyone tried to cool off with the plates we were holding in our hands. It shouldn't be that hard to put a fan in these places... The food was not what we expected either. Grilled meats were usually undercooked or undercooked. The dessert options were very limited and the cola machine served in the restaurant was very bad. Drinks are limited on the pier. We could only drink the normal original drink during dinner in a 5-star hotel by asking the waiters for extra. The employees are very friendly, especially my brother Günay Karapınar, he took great care of us, thank you. 63. Yorum: The seaside holiday was a real success for the whole family. It took about 20 minutes by taxi from Antalya airport to the hotel, I can only recommend it. From the varied food to the water entertainment to the children's activities, everything was perfectly organized. We felt completely comfortable and well looked after, the friendly staff made the stay unforgettable. A great place that we will definitely return to. 64. Yorum: The hotel is just too big and too crowded. The buffet is plentiful but so huge that we don't have an appetite because of the crowd. The food wasn't really exciting. The best night was the Turkish night. The rest of the evenings we didn't really enjoy the food. We have had a few 5 star hotels but this was by far the worst. At lunch time, as for snacks and everything else that is offered, you have to get there quickly at the beginning. If you arrive late, you will only get the rest, which is really not nice. Unfortunately, it doesn't look appetizing either. There is almost nothing in the area that is really close - you have to be within walking distance to access the shopping centers. But above all, there are almost only really overpriced shops. We didn't like it at all. Luckily we had a car that we could get around in. I have to say the cleanliness was very good, the rooms were always spotless and the toilets were clean. And the service from the managers and customer support was also very satisfactory. What I can't recommend at all is the live Japanese cooking show. It was my birthday and I booked the show for 4 people at 30 euros each, but unfortunately the chef does not know how to cook Japanese, everything is mixed with soy sauce and cola, which ruins the whole meal. If you already offer something like this, ask schools to do something like this, otherwise it's really insolent to charge 30 euros for this. Overall it was fine for us, but we wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend it, but only because it's too big, the food doesn't really taste good and there's almost nothing around. If you like to wander around the city in the evening, Lara Kundu is not the right place for you. Unfortunately, there are better 5 star hotels. 65. Yorum: I went there this fall for the third time in 11 years. Last time before Corona. The hotel is now getting old. All inclusive is no longer ALL INCLUSIVE. So you still have to pay for certain things (kids club t-shirts for painting, branded alcohol, etc.). We also noticed the tip boxes that are now installed everywhere and which did not exist before. The food was not always hot and usually tasted the same. The staff are only occasionally motivated and friendly, which was different in the past. I suspect that the Stone Group has not increased its employees' salaries or has increased them too little given the rising inflation in Türkiye. Overall I have to say I'm disappointed and this was our last visit! I have been promoting this hotel to my friends for years, which I almost regret now. I will not recommend it in the future as it is no longer a "5 star luxury holiday". 66. Yorum: Hello Hotel is suitable for middle class, but unfortunately it is not a 5 star hotel. The rooms should be remodeled. The service and cleanliness are good in all areas. Unfortunately the food is not 5 star standard. For example, fruits are unfortunately very limited at the end of the season. No watermelon, much less pineapple or pomegranate. The available items are rather standard (apple, orange, grapes...) ... nuts, mussels, shrimps as well as e.g. Gluten-free offers... things like this are part of it for us... Unfortunately not available. At breakfast there is a person who prepares omelettes... Sorry for the size and class, it's almost embarrassing... We had everything at Wings last year and before that at Delphin Group. Slides ok, but fight for the 5 existing rings and boats... Overall, OK... I can't recommend it for the price/quality ratio... Unfortunately, you were right... More appearance than his own... 67. Yorum: We spent 10 days in this hotel and were very satisfied. The hotel impresses with its cleanliness and friendly staff, available to answer all your questions. Our room was spacious. The food was very tasty and always varied. We also really enjoyed the breakfast with plenty of choice. The installation itself is awesome! A superb pool area is truly impressive here - with slides for young and old. The beach area is also very pleasant and equipped with deckchairs and a jetty. I would particularly like to highlight the friendliness of the children. The staff here are very attentive and we were assured at reception upon arrival that we could contact them at any time if needed for the little one! A big plus for that! We are happy to recommend the hotel! 68. Yorum: We arrived today, currently for the second time in this hotel complex and I have to say that we are really disappointed with the room. It's very old, the bathtub tiles are broken. It's a shame to pay so much money for a vacation and not be able to enjoy all the luxuries. Otherwise, the facility is still very nice and there are plenty of play options for children. After this stay, I don't know if we would book again. 69. Yorum: No safe in this hotel. You slide everywhere. My wife slipped in the shower in the wellness area and got a huge bump. He would also like to have a doctor at the hotel, but he is not a real doctor... ridicule. Never again! The hotel is not slippery. Take care of yourself. The hotel itself and the catering service etc. are great. It is a family hotel. It's not for singles who want peace and quiet. The sea is completely murky. You can't dive in there anyway. What a shame! I was eager to dive in. Unfortunately, you can't dive into it at all. But it's also all, somehow, very noisy. You can't sit on the terrace balcony before noon because you can hear very loud music from other hotels. It was really very boring. So there is no relaxation here. At least not for me. You just don't have peace. No matter where, music plays all day and all night. Whether it's for breakfast outside or elsewhere... even though there is relatively relaxed music at the breakfast table... outside in the evening. Just boom boom. In the hotel from noon there is a disco for 1 hour haha ​​​​what is 1 hour please? Ridicule... sorry, I've never seen this anywhere. But not a foam party as promised either, water is sprayed through the hose... This is not a foam party... Unfortunately we didn't have a sea view either. From 6am onwards it sounds like someone is rollerblading around the room. I couldn't understand the cause. The generator outside is so loud that you just can't get any peace and quiet. The WiFi in the hotel is ok. Very poor connection to the outside. I think after this vacation I need another vacation after this vacation... Damage. It's nothing to me, I won't come back. I won't come back to Türkiye because everything is closed after noon... Prices aren't what they used to be in stores either. People probably get tired of money over the years. 70. Yorum: I came across this hotel by chance, our foreign friend came to this hotel on vacation, wanted to meet me and invited me as a guest. We have been in Antalya for several years and I have experienced a situation that I have never seen in a hotel. There was a security guard named Ahmet Güler right at the entrance. I still can't believe how they could employ such a person in a 5 star hotel. This is a type of person who does not know how to greet a guest, has an ugly style, and speaks arrogantly and arrogantly. If you happen to be passing by, do not contact him at all, unfortunately he is very disrespectful. Later, the hotel directors, Mr. Mustafa and Mr. Murat, came to take care of him and even apologized on behalf of this guy. I would like to thank them both for their concern and interest. I just ask that you please take this into consideration when hiring employees, I don't think this is suitable for you at all, respectfully. 71. Yorum: The hotel looked nice at first glance, but the rooms were the opposite. They were not luxurious and were not hygienic either. There was even mold in the bathroom. The mattresses were also very bad, so bad that you couldn't sleep. The worst part was that I was sleeping on the 5th floor with my 1 year old baby and woke up coughing because of the smoke in our room. Although all rooms were equipped with fire alarms, none went off. I woke everyone upstairs and we tried to activate the fire alarm, but it didn't work. I suspect that the hotel management deliberately disabled the fire alarm to avoid panic. After standing outside for over an hour in our pajamas with young children, they told us it was a small fire and we could go back to the rooms. When we returned, the room was still full of smoke and burning smells, so much so that all our clothes smelled of smoke. After insisting, they gave us another room because I refused to sleep with my 1 year old baby in that burning smell. And then the unfriendly staff. The restaurant was supposed to be open from midnight to 7:00 am, but then you had to pay for food after 2:00 am, which was not stated anywhere. When we want to discuss it, they immediately bring in security guards who start shaking hands and threatening the police. Overall, it was a very negative experience. 72. Yorum: Today we left the hotel and went home. Unfortunately, good things end quickly. I will try to convey our experiences to you. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the sea is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. The sunbeds around the pool are usually full, which is not a big problem for us, we always prefer the sea. There is a wide variety of food and it is delicious. You certainly won't be hungry. The staff are very caring, I looked at some reviews saying the staff are indifferent, you have to show empathy, people find it hard to do that. serve you in 45 degree heat. I will criticize the hotel management below. Don't worry, I didn't understand the ultra all-inclusive concept. Most well-known brands are paid. For example, you want Baileys. You can see it at the bar, but they fill it with an unknown brand from downstairs. I wanted 5 different cocktails. Some of them didn't have cranberry syrup, some didn't have brown sugar, and all of them didn't have any. take the original main drink. Bottled beer is chargeable. Canned beer is sometimes served in the evening during shows, but if you want to go to the bar, it costs money. 70% are foreigners, 30% are expatriate citizens. Germans, it's not obvious that they are Turks :) Anyway, apart from the alcohol problem, the hotel is very nice. We left the hotel happy. Will I come back if I stop drinking? from now on I'll let the hotel management handle it. I write, don't waste your time reading it. There are professionals like Hasan Günay, Mikail Bey, Erhan Altunkanat, who do their job running (I'm not exaggerating), trying to keep up with everything and always smiling. I couldn't remember the names of some of my friends from the club. beach bar or amphitheater bar. Know their value. Besides, I gave up on criticism because I left satisfied. Sincerely. 73. Yorum: Great hotel for a quiet holiday. Very hygienic, we ate everything, drank drinks with ice, absolutely no stomach problems. On the contrary, I have never felt so well nourished and healthy. Bottled water is available everywhere in the hotel, I also saw that the staff uses this bottled water to prepare drinks and so on. I highly recommend it to people who are afraid of these kinds of travel issues. To sum up the health topic: I can't complain and I'm a very sensible person in this regard. The pools are perfectly designed. The main one has a shape that allows it to never be overcrowded. I never had a problem finding a free spot even though we usually went to the pool late, well after 10:00. Additionally, the pool was cleaned every day. I highly recommend doing a pool day followed by a beach/pier day. It's a good mix and makes the experience very diverse as these worlds are quite different. The water slides are also great, we had a lot of fun with my son. It also helps that the staff who deal with people there are kind and witty. They often make quick jokes with the children, which adds to the positive experience. The staff in general are friendly, polite and respectful. If I can suggest anything, it is perhaps to schedule more free time or days off for them, as I often felt that some of them were overworked and just tired. This was particularly noticeable with the restaurant staff (waiters/waitresses) and the pool cleaning service. The room was ok. Very comfortable, clean, but I imagine it could do with a refresh in terms of furnishings (doesn't apply to the bathrooms, those are top notch). Overall we all felt well taken care of, respected and could fully concentrate on having fun and relaxing without any problems or issues. Well done, keep up the good work! 74. Yorum: The hotel is big. The reception is staffed with friendly staff you can count on. You notice how many people spend their holidays there just eating. It's already full there. Simply a very nice hotel where you feel comfortable and can relax very well. All the employees have smiles on their faces. 75. Yorum: We have stayed in other hotels many times but we really liked this place as a family. Clean and friendly staff with a very child friendly pool and playground. The mini club is very popular and offers lots of fun activities. The entertainment team really created a great atmosphere and there were new shows every night. I would like to thank the Royal Holiday Palace team for their hospitality. 76. Yorum: This hotel and the staff that run it were simply exceptional. The hotel is beautiful and our room was exceptional. The entertainment was comprehensive and varied, the staff were friendly and went to great lengths to make us feel included and welcome. Darts was a favourite, and there is definitely an atmosphere at the hotel where you get out of it what you put into it. The food offered throughout the day was varied and of high quality. The evening buffet was different every night over a 5 day cycle, although some nights it was slightly lacking in sparkle, we enjoyed the buffets and keeping the food to the best quality is always a challenge. There really was something for everyone, and safer options such as pasta offered daily when you didn't want to try anything else. The pool was refreshing and awesome. It feels like everything is so big and far away, but walking around takes a few minutes, so it's very cleverly laid out to give the perception of more space. Overall we had a wonderful anniversary holiday and I can't wait to go back! 77. Yorum: We have stayed in many hotels so far and for the first time we fainted from the heat in this hotel, especially since the fly bars and restaurants were not taken into account. As there is no ventilation or cooling system in the live music area, it is very hot and it is not possible to have fun or play. People are trying to cool off with plastic plates. I absolutely do not recommend this hotel in July and August. 78. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel 7 days ago. We were very well received and our rooms were clean. We enjoyed the food, used the water park and had a great time. We participated in most of the activities of the animation team and they took great care of us. The whole team is very friendly and warm. M. Derya, the animation manager, and the animation chiefs were also very interested in us. They are really very caring people. We thank everyone very much. 79. Yorum: We had a very nice holiday. The pool is very big, the children's area is great... there is something for everyone. You can walk to the beach throughout the resort. The staff were very friendly, both inside and outside the hotel. The rooms are large and cleaned daily. However, the whole hotel needs renovation... including the spa area. We had a wonderful holiday in this hotel with our daughter. Merci! 80. Yorum: An ultra all-inclusive hotel, asking 2 euros for a fresh orange... and 13 euros for a glass of European drink... pathetic... Animation, entertainment very weak. It's a shame about the location, but the services are poor... Cola from the vending machine and wine served in a plastic cup, ice cream in a cone, were in the same place, from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. 81. Yorum: Our stay at this hotel was overall pleasant, although there were a few flaws that marred our experience. **Pros:** - The room was very spacious and had an excellent sea view despite the side sea view we had booked. - Lunch and dinner were varied and varied, so there was something for everyone. - The friendliness of the restaurant staff was excellent, especially Baris Kivrak. He is a young and hardworking waiter, he left nothing to be desired and took great care of us. The lady in charge of customer relations was always helpful and friendly. - The pool area is very large and offers space for different needs. There is a large children's area, an action-packed pool with music and separate, quieter areas for relaxing. - The pool was carefully cleaned every evening, which we found very positive. - A highlight of our stay was the photo shoot at the hotel. The photographer was extremely friendly and took a lot of time, the photos turned out really beautiful. - Many shops around the hotel are perfect for strolling and shopping. **Cons:** - Unfortunately, the staff at the pool bar and pool restaurant were less motivated and only moderately friendly, which was a negative compared to other staff. - The rooms should be renovated as they are now a bit old. - Breakfast was quite biased and egg dishes (except fried eggs) were unfortunately often ice cold. - Despite the tip, the beds were made very carelessly, which disappointed us. - The seats on the balcony were extremely uncomfortable. Here the hotel could follow the example of the neighbouring hotel, which offers much more comfortable furnishings. - The evening's program was rather mediocre, although the big party on Wednesday evening was organized with a lot of love and left a positive impression. - However, the bingo night was a disappointment. Although we were looking forward to it and stayed at the hotel, we were only informed on site that a bingo ticket costs €25. Although you could win vouchers like massages, we found this price unreasonable for an all-inclusive hotel. Unfortunately, this spoiled our evening. **Conclusion:** Overall our holiday was enjoyable, but unfortunately some of the reviews prevent us from returning to this hotel. It is undoubtedly a good 4 star hotel, but in our opinion the 5 stars it officially carries are not justified. 82. Yorum: The hotel is good. The price-performance ratio is absolutely excellent. The only thing I recommend is not to use the services of the photographer located in the hotel. Even though the hotel can do something about it too, this photographer is a top-notch bandit. He charges an absurd amount for his services. If you don't want to take it off, he suddenly won't be as nice as he was when he first saw you. If you want to politely explain that you find it expensive, he starts telling you that he pays €112,000 in rent for 6 months. If you still don't want to pay, he starts talking about the high price of his computers. Don't start it. And my advice to hotel management is to talk to your contractor in your hotel. 83. Yorum: Quality has its price. The hotel is a little more expensive, but you get very good facilities, great staff and a great choice of food. Nan offers different programs every day, so you can spend 7-10 days without any problem. The staff are always polite and helpful. You don't have to tip like in other hotels. And even the standard rooms are great. There is really nothing to say. With pleasure again 👍 84. Yorum: I really enjoyed my stay at Royal Holiday Palace!! There is a lot of choice when it comes to food and it is all delicious. The staff is super friendly, you feel like you're in good hands and you're immediately in a good mood when you talk to someone. Our room was also super nice, clean and big. Our 2nd trip is already booked!! 😍 85. Yorum: The hotel is very family friendly and the staff is very friendly. The complex is located directly on the seafront. The food is equipped with a large buffet and there is something for everyone 86. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay between August 5th and 9th, 2 adults and 2 children, at the entrance. We were well received by the valet friends. Our car was taken to the underground garage. Our luggage was taken and we went to the garage. reception, Mr. Emre at the reception was very attentive. Thank you, he is a very valuable asset to Royal Holiday Palas and should not be lost. Other than that, I think he's an employee. is in a perfect architectural structure and location with everything as in the pictures. The waiters in the dining room and lobby, the bartenders are very attentive, they surround all the customers, so to speak. We really thank all the employees for their work. efforts, the water park employees were also very attentive, the food and breakfast were very good. There is a lot of variety and it was very delicious. There are a few things that I feel are missing, let me tell you about them. First of all, the balcony in the lobby of the reception floor is too hot to sit on, but it is very warm. Fans should be installed there, just like. in the sneak restaurant. Second, carbonated drinks like Coke, Fanta and Sprite are really bad, they are not cold and have no gas, they are like sugar water, but other than that they are really warm. happy. I recommend it to those who will go there. They can go there with peace of mind. Finally, Mrs. Seher, the customer relations manager, was also very attentive. She makes a lot of effort to keep customer satisfaction at a high level. instant and on-site interventions to your problems, I would like to thank her very much for her interest. 87. Yorum: We came to the hotel as a wonderful family. We had so much fun, it was a great holiday. The food, the room cleaning staff were all very nice. There are great activities in the mini club designed for our children. A grand mercy from chefs Gizem Hanım, Evelina Yiğit, Melisa and Vildan Hanım... There are entertainment and shows every evening. The entertainment team is very entertaining, thanks to all of them... 88. Yorum: We were there 10 years ago. Worlds from now. Impure plates, mass treatment. The air conditioning was not working. After 8 calls and 3 personal meetings with the reception, we were given another room. Then instead of 32 degrees in the room we had a pleasant 24. Friendly and non-intrusive waiters and cleaning staff! Everyone had stomach problems for days… We cannot recommend this hotel more. There are much better 5 star hotels in Lara. For example Delphin… What a shame! Durability also leaves much to be desired. You receive water in 33 cl bottles... a pile of garbage every day. 89. Yorum: First of all, thank you for considering my comment. I'm sure you'll take your flaws into account. I just noticed your comment, but even though we noticed it, we couldn't respond because we were hospitalized for 2 weeks. The reason is the germs we caught at the hotel. The hospital where we were admitted is Ankara Bayındır Söğütözü Hospital. I'm naming him directly because you may not want to take it personally, but he has been recorded in our files. As a doctor myself, you will understand that I am sufficiently informed to know what disease I caught and where. As a family we have been seriously ill for 2 weeks, I advise you to pay attention to hygiene at this stage. Why would we want to stay in a hotel that we are not satisfied with? Above all, did you write for free, etc. It's a pity, we are not satisfied with the quality, we comment, but instead of accepting it, you slander. Thank you for showing me how right I was in my comment. An establishment that we will not return to. 90. Yorum: A very nice hotel, unfortunately the rooms are a bit dark. Unfortunately, the service is not good everywhere. The service at the pool bar leaves a lot to be desired. The service on the outdoor terrace of the main restaurant is really excellent, especially Sebastian fulfills every wish and of course the service on the beach is really good. I just have to say that one person just isn't enough for everyone. 91. Yorum: The pool is nice, the exterior of the building is also nice, but that's it. The price paid for the hotel is totally excessive and not justified! Rooms much too dark, old tiles and furniture, partly broken... The food does not correspond to Turkish cuisine, almost everything was really without spices, we did not find the variety very big (even during the theme nights). Unfortunately, we and our children caught the worst infections while staying at the hotel. The service was completely unprofessional and simple things like: No one could really handle a latte macchiato, freshly squeezed orange juice is only available for an extra charge of 3 euros, that's the all-inclusive theme... And on top of that, the WiFi is really bad! We have decided not to book this hotel for a future vacation as there are simply better quality hotels nearby (Dolphin Chain). 92. Time: Short transfer time from Antalya airport, approximately 20 minutes. Large spacious complex with a large swimming pool. The food is generally very tasty, fried meat dishes are sometimes tough or raw. Otherwise, everyone will find something for themselves. Double room number 1109 is suitable. Beautiful location. Hair dryer a little weak. The elevators close too quickly, impossible with a stroller. The reception is ideal in case of problems. Children's/baby pools much too cold in September despite daytime temperatures of 30-35 degrees. Small annoying animations.👍🏼 Give the employees a little lubrication on the first day and it works after that. Overall, a successful family holiday of 3 with a baby. Recommendation 93. Yorum: This is a great hotel. Ali Güç and Mehmet Ali Akça were particularly interested. They are truly wonderful people. If you go to this hotel, especially Ali, he will take good care of you in the dining room. Of course, the Mehmet monument. 94. Yorum: During our 5 days vacation we had so much fun, especially since the entertainment team was very energetic. The daily entertainment activities like volleyball and pool party were a lot of fun. The morning visit of the animation team every morning to enhance the guests' day and their approach towards people was very enjoyable. The fact that the entertainment team sat at our tables, chatted with us during the nightly activities and behaved in a friendly manner made the hotel a more welcoming environment in our eyes. In addition, Mr. Emin, one of the animation team, was energetic, treated people with great sincerity, was friendly and loved his job, which added a plus to the hotel. And also, the food was very hygienic and clean. We appreciated that special dishes were served on certain special occasions and that they were very varied. 95. Yorum: This is our second time staying at this hotel and we are absolutely delighted! The food is excellent, with a large choice and the rooms are spacious and well maintained. I would particularly like to highlight the service staff: they always have a smile on their face and are happy to see us. Mikail Koca and Mukrat served us fantastically and fulfilled all our wishes. The entire entertainment team also ensures a good atmosphere and varied activities. The hotel's location is ideal for exploring the surrounding area. Overall, this is a great choice for a relaxing vacation. Highly recommended! 96. Yorum: We, husband, wife and son, are here for the 7th time. We have visited several hotels in Lara and have always been completely satisfied. Why choose Royal Holiday Palace for the 7th time? This is the best and most beautiful hotel in the long line of hotels. People who complain need to take a good look in the mirror. The hotel and staff are great, no complaints. We were (again) recognized by several colleagues and warmly welcomed😀. Eating, drinking, sleeping, everything is perfect. What can I say, book and enjoy! Salutations. Pierre. 97. Yorum: I can't call it a 5 star hotel, I can only give it 4 stars because I have seen 5 star hotels before. It would be better if the employees threw the drinks in our faces. They forced us to work as if they were doing their job with their faces down. Only the poolside service was. GOOD. I don't want to take credit for the employees there. As the pool was large, we always found a free spot. The entertainment and live music were nice. It is a family friendly hotel. 98. Yorum: The rooms were quite satisfactory. They are spacious, clean and well equipped, which made the stay comfortable. Unfortunately, the quality of service could not keep up at all. You were rarely, if ever, served on the beach. For a hotel that advertises itself as all inclusive, it is disappointing to have to pay for things like an energy drink or shisha. The cocktail selection was also very limited. There were only five cocktails to choose from, and you can only get them at a bar about 5-10 minutes from the beach, which is extremely inconvenient if you're on the beach. As for snacks, the offer was also not satisfactory. There were no typical snacks like chicken nuggets or fries that you would expect at a hotel like this. Morning, lunch and dinner were very good and there was something different to choose from every day. However, you only have a small selection of desserts :( The entertainment team was also a big drawback. User-friendliness does not seem to be the top priority, which further clouded the overall impression. In summary, the Royal Holiday Palace offers decent rooms and good food, but there is still a lot of room for improvement in terms of service and hospitality. 99. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, big, clean, the staff and food are great, especially the staff are very friendly, their services are super fast, the only thing missing from the hotel is the entertainment is very weak, it was a nice holiday, a lady named Esra gave 5/1 in the comments below and I believe the comment was given a bit deliberately, it is not possible to criticize this hotel like that Especially since all the employees are friendly and helpful, that's it. cannot be violated. I would like to thank the employees and everyone who contributed. Of particular note: we stayed at this company's Royal Wings Hotel. We chose this place this time because it was as wonderful as this one. 100. Yorum: Critics strongly disagree. You can't drink the cocktails, they extend all the cocktails with water. Really bad! The food is decent, there is a large selection. The resort is truly beautiful! I stayed at the Kirman Hotel in Side 2 years ago and there was no more expensive hotel than this and everything was wonderful. Really from A to Z! We loved the Kirman Hotel and Side so much that we wanted to see more of Turkey, but this time we can't compare. We have also heard the same from other guests, they are not happy with the cocktails and also the rooms need to be renovated. The hotel next door has very loud music all the time. Tedious! You also notice how dissatisfied employees are at work... Who knows what conditions they work in... See photo below. This is what the Caipirinha at this hotel looks like. We couldn't drink the caipirunha and the pinã colada. Inedible! 101. Yorum: This is my first time leaving a review for a hotel. My family and two sons, aged 8 and 11, had a wonderful Pfingstferien stay at this hotel and returned yesterday, so much so that I felt I had to leave a review during our trip. This was my third Pfingstferien holiday in Antalya and it was the best. First of all, upon arrival I was surprised by the size of the hotel. The hotel pool was spacious, clean and nicely designed. The swimming pool has five magnificent slides. It is common for children to run and slide down the stairs leading to the slides, but safety precautions are taken with a non-slip mat installed. I could feel it tilting. The security guards who operated the slides always greeted the children with gusto and treated them with kindness, and their humor and good humor made the vacation even more enjoyable. It was nice that there was a variety of food available around the pool at all times and the buffet was also excellent. I don't usually like pasta, but the pasta at the outdoor restaurant was really excellent and the pasta buffet area also offered three different pasta dishes each day, all very delicious. I would like to give the chief a "boost". All the staff were friendly but not overly friendly so there were no downsides. During my stay, I received a phone call asking if there were any inconveniences in the room, and I was touched and grateful for their careful consideration. I think the efforts to provide comfort to guests are what made the Royal Holiday Palace what it is today. Personally the interior of the room was not to my taste, but the kids who always love gold and crystal loved it, and apart from the fact that the room was dark it was spacious and pleasant. I was also surprised to see that the room cleaning staff folded the clothes the children left behind and kept them very clean. The sea water was clean and we could have fun surfing on choppy days, but the water suddenly got deeper and the kids had to wear life jackets to enter the sea. Every time I go to Pauschal Urlaub, it is the first time that I book a hotel and a flight separately and I feel burdened to have to provide the pick-up service myself, but the distance between the airport and the hotel was close, so I was able to get to the hotel without any problems, and on the day of return, I called a taxi from the lobby and it only took 5 minutes. A taxi arrived and I was able to complete my journey comfortably. We would like to thank all employees, We hope to be able to visit the Royal Holiday Palace in Pfingstferien next year. 102. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel from July 19 to July 23, 2024. The rooms were clean and large. The service and food were very good. Swimming pools too... The reception took care of everything immediately if you had any complaints. 103. Yorum: Unfortunately, Royal has lost its charm. The era of 5 stars is over. The rooms were in very poor condition, the food was mediocre to bad. The system itself has flaws everywhere. This hotel is in dire need of renovation! Never again in this state Early departure to another hotel. 104. Yorum: Negative comments are really a mystery to us. We traveled as a family with 2 children. We can only write good things about it. The staff are extremely polite and helpful. Every wish comes true. Whether it's the waiter, the chef, the receptionist, the cleaning lady, or even the photographer. They are all great and almost everyone speaks English AND German. As for the food, it cannot be described. You just have to experience it for yourself. Large selection of dishes, pasta, pide, pizza, rice, sushi, fruits, cakes, pies, meat, fish, Çorbas, soups, large selection of bread, fries, potatoes, baked, cooked, grilled. All. And everything is very good, the restaurant is clean, the employees are ALL very nice. Everything is clean and well maintained. The swimming pools are also very nice, there are lots of slides for children and there are also small pools for toddlers. The stand is a few meters away. Next to the pools there are cocktails, pizzas, kebabs, fresh fruit, it's really fantastic. From 4:00 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. there are kitchens, cakes and coffee on the ground floor. When booking it seems a bit expensive at first, but it is definitely worth it. We are extremely satisfied and very happy to plan to return next summer. 105. Yorum: The rooms were very spacious and clean, they were of very high quality in terms of hygiene, the food and drinks were of very high quality, the animation team was of very high quality, designed for both adults and children. We would like to especially thank the animation managers Derya, Yiğit, Melisa, Jimy, Bedo and Emin, they helped us a lot. 106. Yorum: The hotel is in good condition and very well maintained. The hotel has 10 floors and is quite impressive, thanks to which there is not much walking and everything is relatively accessible. The pool is beautiful, with a walkway leading to the sea above. The pool is so big and at the same time the walkway provides shade when you are in the sea. About a third of the area is made up of a magnificent garden maintained down to the smallest detail. By the sea, the paths almost lead to the deckchairs, and there is plenty of space between the deckchairs. The only negative points could be the noise from the neighboring hotel both during the day and in the evening, the main restaurant is average and the neighborhood would like to improve the WiFi signal... and air conditioning in the elevator. 107. Yorum: This was my third time here I enjoyed the first and second time but this time it was horrible!! The room not clean enough, same thing eating every day for 12 days nothing traditional, the worst behavior ever The reception oh my god they had a lot of attitude no respect at all!! 108. Yorum: We are very happy with this hotel, I recommend it to everyone especially families! The staff is very helpful, the rooms are cleaned every day, the food is great!!! I would love to come back! 109. Yorum: We came to Türkiye for the second time this year and we are glad we did. The weather is always guaranteed and the hotel is absolutely amazing. So clean and tidy, the gardens are beautiful. The entertainment team really made our holiday! Big thanks to Yigit, Omar, Jimmy, Emin, Gorkem, Melo! You are the best ❤️ They involve you in all the pool games and activities! We like to get involved, but if you're not, there's no pressure to do so. The foam party is epic and the Friday night party! The animations are just fantastic and they do their job really well! We will miss you when we leave! The whole staff is amazing! Alp at the Moonlight Bar is always so attentive and he literally can't do enough for you! Best server! Oguzhan who makes the best cocktails! The best bartender! And the lovely Büșra who brought us drinks around the pool, always remembered what we wanted and always had a bottle of water on hand! Do not hesitate to book this hotel, you will not be disappointed! 110. Yorum: First of all, I want to emphasize that we are generally satisfied with your system. However, we noticed that the same food was offered over and over again. This had a significant impact on our overall satisfaction. The longer you stayed, the more you regretted the lack of variety, instead of enjoying the quality of your services. The watch salesman in particular was extremely unfriendly and apparently had no interest in giving us any information about the watches for sale. This apathetic attitude is not only unprofessional, but also endangers customer satisfaction and therefore the image of your hotel. One would expect an employee tasked with selling high-quality products to demonstrate the courtesy and respect that any paying customer deserves and to make an effort to close the sale. 111. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for a week. The resort is awesome, pools, food, beach etc. are all recommended. Unfortunately I got eaten by bed bugs there and now I still have bed bugs in my house. This shouldn't happen in a hotel like this! 112. Yorum: This is my second time staying at this hotel, and all I can say is that the animation team is one of the best around with the best animation manager, Derya Deniz. They really work to make people smile. 113. Yorum: A beach hotel that can be fully recommended. I have been here several times now as it is my favourite hotel on Lara beach: close to the airport, sandy beach, the hotel itself meets all the requirements for a perfect stay: eg. cleanliness (everywhere including the room (which is quite large), toilets, etc.), variety of food and drinks, impeccable service, huge swimming pool, numerous pool/snack bars, numerous deckchairs, great lobby/lounge. 24 hour food and drink availability, so be prepared for weight gain :-). 114. Yorum: I liked it a lot. You have everything and the food is exceptional. I gave the room 4/5 stars because it is a bit dated, but everything else is superlative. Deserve 115. Yorum: + spacious rooms + very nice hotel and swimming pool + very good breakfast - the rooms really need to be renovated, especially the bathrooms and the beds which are not very comfortable... this was nicely solved with a mattress topper - very busy dining room in the evening which is really unacceptable!!! Congratulations to Abdullah for the tepanyaki! What a show!!!! 116. Yorum: We had a fantastic week at the Royal Holiday Palace Hotel with our 2 children. The holiday was simply fantastic! The little ones had so much fun and were able to participate in various activities without us having to worry about cleanliness and safety. The staff were incredibly friendly and the food offered a varied selection of delicacies. I am usually very careful when choosing vacation destinations for our family, but I highly recommend booking here. Even on the day of departure, we were able to participate in activities and have dinner. Our return flight was at 6:50 p.m. with the Coral travel agency, which I found truly extraordinary. The children were able to fully enjoy their day until the end. 117. Yorum: I have a question and a new children's game for the little ones was presented to us on a site, but unfortunately it is not available on various supplier sites. This is supposed to be relatively new, I think only last month. Can someone tell me if this is true? Kind regards 118. Yorum: An amazing hotel to spend a few days and just relax. The food is excellent and very varied and the staff are really friendly. 119. Yorum: We are currently on our second day at the hotel. It is a very nice hotel, the staff, the room, the food is very good, there is not a single negative point, I thank my brother Ali who smiles, he is. one of the smiling staff, it is a very nice hotel for those who want to have a good day. 120. Yorum: Not recommended! When we arrived we were told that they did not have a room for us, despite the reservation confirmation. We were shown the door with child and baby. We were offered my solution, on the contrary at the reception they said "it's not our problem" Is this how you treat guests?! In retrospect, it turned out that the hotel was at fault and had simply sold too many rooms. Impossible behavior at reception. Mistakes can always happen, but then try to find a solution and not just throw people out. 121. Yorum: Everything was great, I would like to especially thank the animation team and Mr. Görkem from the animation team, we spent five wonderful days for his interest and information. The food at the hotel is amazing, I highly recommend it. 122. Yorum: Very nice hotel. Incredibly large resort with everything you need. Top food and service. Simply a place to feel good, we will definitely come back. 123. Yorum: Hello; I am writing to you from the hotel right now. I have been on holiday in Antalya every year for years, but I would like to thank the employees who show so much attention to their guests and make an effort to let us sit at their table even during their stay. buy food. They are all good employees. The food is excellent. The room is simply magnificent. The swimming pools are clean and hygienic. Our vacation is going perfectly now. We plan to return in July. Many thanks to the hotel management. The whole organization is perfect. 124. Yorum: An incredible place for a luxurious royal vacation. A fabulously beautiful holiday palace with a high level of service. Just 15 minutes from the airport. Clean everywhere, food you can think of. The rooms are beautiful, always clean. They clean every day. Clean and tidy everywhere. The sea is unreal, warm. Water slides and children's pools as well as various activities. The pool is huge, there are always plenty of deckchairs for everyone, even on the beach. No need to get up in the morning and get busy. An incredible holiday. 125. Yorum: The Royal Holiday Palace is my happy place, we have been here for 6 years on the trot. The staff is extremely wonderful and treats us like family. We are always welcomed with open arms and warm hearts. We really can't rate this hotel highly enough, see you all next June. 126. Yorum: Transfer: From the airport to the hotel, it takes about 15 to 40 minutes. Depending on the type of transfer (private transfer, minibus,...) Reception/lobby: very spacious and attractive facilities. You can see that investments are being made here again and again. Service: Very attentive and friendly, not at all greedy for tips or intrusive. Food: extremely good, there is something for everyone here. Anyone who has something to complain about here is probably just artificially upset. Tip: Turkish tent towards the beach, here you can find Gözleme and Pide; is made by women who still understand this type of craft. People like to give advice there. Room: extremely large by European standards. The shower stall might be a bit narrow for tall people. If you are around 1m90 tall, take a room with a bathtub if possible. There is enough space here with the shower. The balconies on the top floor are very small, there is room to hang your wet swimsuits. This is not really a criticism, as there was probably no other way to solve this problem architecturally that would not alter the castle-like appearance of the hotel. Pool/Beach: very nice and clean, daily cleaning. There is something here and there. But due to the size of the plant, not everything can always be put in order immediately. If you contact the staff, they will take care of it immediately. Cool slides for kids. To naturally negative customers: Communication is important. If something bothers someone, it must be fixed immediately on the spot. The team on site is still trying to find a solution. Recommendation: 10/10. We found our hotel in Türkiye and will always come back here from now on. 127. Yorum: This is our first time at this hotel. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. The rooms are clean. The animation is great. The swimming pool is huge and clean. The sunny weather is beautiful, we recommend it to everyone. 128. Yorum: We had a great holiday here and everyone was great! For us this is the 5th in Türkiye and this hotel is one of the best. What we really liked was the personal waitress, a guy who made us the best holiday and his name is UMUTCAN KONUS!