1. Yorum: A super hotel|The quality of service, the friendliness of the staff, the food and beverage service, the attention at the hotel is very nice, it is a perfect family hotel, I would definitely recommend it, the hotel has a really nice location … 2. Yorum: Low-cost hotel with good enough service level for vacation though. If you don't expect too much you can be happy here. The bay is extraordinary with beautiful rocks with caves inside and nice view. Food is ok with fresh fruits and vegetables, repetitive though and don't expect much (like seafood, fancy fruit sorts). Stuff is mostly nice but lot of things are charged extra. Turkish nights on Wednesday evenings are worthy. 3. Yorum: The hotel does not correspond to the stated 4 stars. In reality it doesn't even reach 3 stars. Price-quality ratio is terrible. The hotel has not been renovated for a long time. In addition, it is quite dirty and sloppy. From 10 am until midnight loud music plays almost continuously, which does not allow you to relax. The hotel management behaves very passively and does not correct obvious problems (loud music, lack of names and composition of dishes in the restaurant, the neatness of the hotel, the entertainment program is irrelevant and not updated). The food is quite mediocre and it's the same every day. Among the advantages I can note the clean sea and the gentle entrance to the sea, the work of the staff in the restaurant. To summarize, I can say that staying in this hotel is more conducive to constantly overcoming difficulties, rather than relaxation. Better find another hotel to enjoy your vacation 4. Yorum: Very nice hotel, sea, air and greenery, we had a great time with our family, the food, the staff and the animation team are very warm and fun, Mustafa, Kaan Merih. I would like to thank Hürü and İrem Hanı, they were very interested in us, thank you for everything. 5. Yorum: Quite a small hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, delicious food available for most of the day, close to a small sandy beach. Rooms look a bit worn but who cares when it is so beautiful outside! 6. Yorum: The location is extremely perfect, the staff is very attentive and relevant, the food is diverse and delicious, it is hygienic, the beach is the most beautiful and clean I have ever seen, the rooms are old but clean and hygienic, the … 7. Yorum: Really nice hotel and really good personal. Awesome beach, delicious restaurant, funny animation, really good massage. Good place for family holiday.|Everyone speak rusian language so you can speak with them also little bit english and german. 8. Yorum: I like the hotel very much. The location view the food is great. Thank you separately for the animation they were very interested. 9. Yorum: A very good place for vacation with children. Everything is nice and cozy. The pool is clean with a crystal clear water which is very important to me. Rooms are nice and cleaned every day and all of the personnel are polite and at your … 10. Yorum: Hotel is okay but thanks for animation make us Holiday Good.. 11. Yorum: Me and my partner had a 10 day stay it has been great from beginning to end couldn’t thank the Animation team especially ( Tolga ) who was amazing!! Bringing them vibes making our stay even more fun! Also the bar staff especially ( ebru ) always have a smile on her face always bringing vibes and making the best cocktails 😊, there’s lots of things to do also very helpful in helping us find a excursion which was such a fun day!! 12. Yorum: “Not for the English”. We arrived late at night and were told there was a soup kitchen which was not fit for consumption. The sea view room we were given was off the highway and the noice at night did not let us sleep. Room was so basic … 13. Yorum: Hotel super we come back next year but thanks for anination musti and togi 14. Yorum: we rested in this hotel in June 2023, we want to thank the hotel staff, all the hotel staff for their friendliness, excellent service. special thanks to guest relation Natalia, she is very competent and responsible person. thanks for a wonderful holiday. the Mediterranean sea is warm, the bay is amazing and calm. 15. Comment: We stayed 6 days. 1-The animation team of the hotel is very caring and entertaining. I would like to thank Tolga Taylan and Hicabi. 2- Food is average. 3- Rooms are spacious, cleaned every day. 4-The pool was important to us, especially I talked to the pool maintenance officer, he showed the PH values. In summary, everything was fine. Thanks. 16. Comment: A great place for everyone. Beautiful views, guaranteed entertainment both inside and outside the hotel, good and varied food. The animators - Sergen and Tolga deserve praise (they know their job :)) 17. Yorum: I stayed 4 nights at Aska Bayview and it was an astounding experience, the Hotel is next to the sea so the view was something I will never forget with its mountains and amazing sunset. On one night we had a Turkish night event and the performance, food and staff was well prepared and very well managed. All in all this hotel provides an amazing value for your money with it's clean rooms, caring staff and scheduled events for it's visitors. The path to the beach was the only small trouble that could be faced as there are alot of stairs to walk. But, for me this was not an issue so definitely a 5 star experience. Thank you Aska Bayview Resort 18. Yorum: You cannot schedule your time here - you need to live according to dj plans. Want to sleep before 24pm? No option - music is too loud. Do you want take a nap after lunch? No option - music is too loud. Employees and guests smoking cigarets everywhere, even if prohibited. No alcohol in drinks. Room clean but small and old fashioned without wardrobe -clothes in luggage for whole stay. WC in bed condition. Food ok but repeatable. Massage in the spa ok, but agressive marketing is annoying. Beach near to hotel - nice. Only several people speak basic english. In general I am dissapointed mainly due to music - if I want party holiday I would choose Ibiza. Everyday listening the same playlist full of russian hits is nightmare 19. Yorum: At first am so proud to come to this beautifull country ,especially to antalya aska bayview hotel . The things make me so happy is the organization about the music atmosphere dance groupe taylan guler,zehra,tolga we dance every day at the … 20. Yorum: It was my first time in Turkey and I hope not the last. The hotel was comfortable, the room was simple but clean. First night we had a crying baby next to us and the next morning I asked the reception to change room. They did it immediately. The food was varied and tasty, my daughter who can be picky at times always found something she liked. The waiters were kind and quick to clean your table. The pools were clean, the water was great. There is a team of animators who do a great job getting people involved in the programs, but not in an aggressive way. If you did not want to do something, they let you be. The programs are varied, and child friendly.. However adults can find entertainments. The animators were friendly spoke many languages.. However 80% of the visitors were Russians, the animators always made sure that we also understood everything.. Karaoke in Russian was a bit hard to listen, but we survived.. So all together I can highly recommend this hotel. 21. Yorum: We traveled to Turkey for the first time and this hotel was the very successful accomodation solution. All staff is friendly, positivelly minded and always ready to help you out in any situation. Catering service works fine and all food that we had was delicious, healthy and time spent in restaurant was always like a little piece of daily happiness. Special thanks to following representatives of hotel's staff and our new friends: Hasan (unforgettable Turkish massage and support), two guys from reception, Firat, Tolga and Taylan (very very nice guys who entertained us, kept us fit and it was a big pleasure to get introduced with them). Also I'm thankful to all restaurant's staff for such a careful attention to all the clients of hotel (Yusuf, thank you so much for a little Turkish language course). I highly appreciate hospitality provided to us in Aska Bayview Resort hotel and recommend you to visit it. Best wishes from Ilja and Simona. 22. Yorum: Hotel is not in good condition, needs renovation. Rooms are clean. Reception stuf needs to know English and to be more at service. Food can be better and more diverse. Sea is ti only good thing about hotel, everithing else is not 4 star hotel... 23. Yorum: Its a very nice hotel with a good animation team i really like it they have every night a animtion night for childeren and parents its amazing the service and rooms are also good. Its very amazing they have every night something else as animation. 24. Yorum: We stayed 10 days in this hotel. Rooms are basic but clean, staff is mostly friendly. There is a various animation program with very good shows and I strongly recommend the animation team. The great problem we had, and that is not the hotel 's problem, are the neighbours from Alara hotel... very loud and noisy animation every evening, guests who make rumour all night. Our room was just next above their theater. So sleeping was most nights a big problem. The food is very basic and not very varied. Most of the guests are German, Russian, Polish, we were the only Belgians for eight days. 25. Comment: Not for English!! Don’t bother wasting your money.. very rude staff especially the receptionist! food horrible they only cater for Russians & Germans!! Location is crap have to get taxis or buses anywhere! Will never go to this Hotel again!!!!! 26. Yorum: Best resort in Alanya ,staff also very good, very cooperative 🫶🫶🫶food , cleaning swimming pool, Dj , sandy beach, sona, hamma message, gym, chef are also cooking very good|Hotel manager|Samil very good hats off for him 😎😎😎 … 27. Comment: I am here! Asmir help us a lot when we arrived⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️The room is good and nice view,specially in the morning when can see a nice view from balcony,thanks again to Asmir⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️The food :we had breakfast and lunches for the first 3 days,because we wanted to visit everyday Alanya,so we ate outside the dinner. All the staff from kitchen side are so helpful,even if they doesnt speaks english,they work hard,⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️its impossible to dont find something to eat ,just if you came from a castle where you eat just Manchiuria roe…Sometimes people goes in holiday and pretend something else from staff of hotel,while in their house you can find lizards…Just enjoy your time ,salute the staff and say thank you,they are human like us,the visitors. If you carey money ,better you rent the safety box from your room. Inshallah i will be back once again. Thank you!🍀🍀🍀 28. Yorum: Beautiful clean newly equipped rooms, helpful staff, tasty food. Wonderful place with beautiful sea and view! 29. Comment: Hotel very fine. Animation is good. Taylan Firat Tolga Merve Poncik good working. We are so happy. See you next summer. Thanks animation 30. Yorum: Entertainment team very very nice. Evening show good. Mr taylan Best manager. And firat tolga merve hicos very cool guys. We will miss Aska . Thanks for everythink. Euphrates ❤ 31. Yorum: This hotel very good. Animasion Team Supper. Taylor Firat Merve Tolga Hicos tolga the ale very good person. Night show very good. Professional team. WE want Again Come aska. Thanks guy :)) 32. Comment: Hello. I now in this hotel . All good . Entertainment team very great. Taylan Firat Tolga Hicosss Merve they are a supper team. I want again here for Animasyon Team.. Thanks for All Guys 33. Yorum: Not a 4 star and food is not edible let alone nice. British tourist's will not enjoy the stay here as you have to go down to Alanya every day which is 25 miles away. 34. Yorum: Please environment, very delicious food, clean rooms and fantastic programs. Excellent animators help set the mood. 35. Yorum: This hotel very good. Animasion supper. Entertainment menager and team bombastic. We want again here. Thanks guys. Nice nice hot 36. Yorum: Very helpful staff ,delicious food ever,nice and clean place really, will definitely be back one day ,Thank you so much for the memorable time we had ever also really quite place to have relaxing and peace time. 37. Yorum: Specially many thanks to Mr. Taylan, Tolga and Sergen for the animation team 38. Yorum: Beautiful view on sea. Hotel stuff and rooms are OK. Food is tasty. Beach is near the hotel. Holidays are great. 39. Comment: Aśka hotel Very good. Bombastic animation. Taylan Firat tolga merve hicoss Very good guy. They are Very proffessional and funny. Thanks guy 40. Yorum: Excellent because of Firat and Taylan the best animation team here And hotel is good 41. Yorum: It is not 4 starts hotel. Maybe 2, up to 3, but definitely not 4 stars. 42. Yorum: Magnificent bay, tremendous views, comfortable place for the families with small children. 43. Yorum: Very loud, hotel unorganised, staff rude. 44. Yorum: The worst hotel i have ever been 45. Yorum: Good location and not bad service 46. Comment: top 47. Comment: So good, so nice. 48. Comment: Nice 49. Comment: Average. 50. Comment: service , location. 51. Comment: service , location. 52. Yorum: We vacationed with our family at the end of September. The food is ok, but often cold even if you arrive at the beginning of lunch/dinner. The hotel beach is very small, literally a piece of sand, where you have to take a place in the evening. The sun doesn't hit there in the morning, only around lunchtime. BUT not far from the hotel (10-15 minutes) there is a city beach called Incekum. Large sandy spacious. There is a toilet, a tap to rinse your feet and body from sand. Very convenient entry into the sea, especially for those who cannot swim or with a small child (the depth does not go away quickly). The rooms... a very old, tired hotel, poorly cleaned, on the 2nd day the wall in the room was crumbling. There are no hard drinks. Beer/wine for everyone. The hotel itself is weak, the nature is super 53. Yorum: After reading a lot of reviews, I had big doubts. We vacationed with friends and children. In fact, the hotel turned out to be excellent. Incredible view, clear sea, small, clean area. The beach is small, shares the territory with two more … 54. Comment: Great hotel! We are relaxing with the whole family, we really like everything, we are glad that we chose this hotel! Excellent food, varied cuisine, everything tasty and fresh! The rooms are cleaned daily, the area is beautiful! I would … 55. Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family last year, and since I was very pleased with it, I made plans to come again with my friend this year. But I wasn't hopeful because many hotels do not accept male guests. This year I tried my luck and met with Sinem Çelik from the reservation. We were able to enter the hotel with the help of Ms. Sinem and the approval of the front office manager Nazım. I thank them very much for their trust in us. As long as you do not disturb the guests at the hotel, I think you can call the hotel and try your luck to make a reservation. As for the hotel, although it is a 4-star hotel, it is similar to many 5-star hotels. It has a wonderful view. The sea and pool are beautiful. Food, drinks, treats, everything meets your expectations. It's a pretty decent place in terms of environment. You can have a holiday with peace of mind as a family. My favorite part of the hotel is the staff, they are excellent people. They are all caring and smiling, like members of the family. I would especially like to thank Ms. İnci and Mr. Süleyman at the Lobby bar, Ms. Fatma at the Pool bar, Mr. Mehmet Yildiz and Mr. Yusuf at the Restaurant for their extra attention and care. We got to know the animation team a little late, but I had a great time with the animation team. The guys are very caring, fun and very good at their jobs. 56. Yorum: I stayed in this hotel in June, I liked the hotel, beautiful area, the beach is small but sandy, the entrance is gentle, there is a pier. The food at the hotel is varied, you won't go hungry, the rooms are not new, but quite decent, there are several Russian channels on television, cleaning every day. The staff is friendly, but the situation at check-in spoiled the mood and impression. The reception staff immediately began to hint at giving money for a better room, although the room was booked with a sea view, and in the end I had to give $30. Because I wanted to check in quickly. 57. Yorum: Even though I stayed for a short time (3 nights), I was not satisfied at all. If I were to go in turns, there is a parking problem. Even if we can find a lot of space, the car is parked in front of it and when you go out for a walk, you have to wait at least 1 hour for other vehicles to come and take the car out. Later, my wife and I made a reservation for a double room. We were given a room with 2 single beds side by side and they tried to make us accept it as a double room. We stayed that way for 1 night. On the 2nd day, it was fixed thanks to the manager. We stayed for 3 nights, 1 night in total was like this. Later, the room they gave us was a disabled room, so we agreed to stay there because it had at least a double bed. The food was not really tasty at all, we ate a few things to avoid going hungry, there were few places to eat, there was a celebration for dinner on August 30, we took our meals and stayed up. The only beautiful thing is the sea. The shenzongs by the sea also have no order and there are only a few sun loungers right by the sea, the remaining ones are at the top, most of them did not have umbrellas. There are many stone stairs on the way to the sea and it is really tiring to go up and down. I wouldn't choose it again. 58. Yorum: First of all, I would like to point out that; This hotel is a place that gives more than its money's worth. First of all, the management, administrative affairs and employees do their best for the comfort and enjoyment of the guests. It is in a great location, the hotel has its own beach and no one from outside can enter. Although it is necessary to walk a lot of steps to get down to the beach, the steps do not matter when you enter the water and photograph the view. The pool and its activities are great, you may need to get up a little early to find a sunbed in a good place. The animation team is a complete professional, I would like to thank each and every one of them, especially Mr. Mustafa, Kaan, Merih et al. Bars -Thanks to the restaurant and housekeeping staff for their devoted efforts, Mr. Tarık and Süleyman's specialties were great. It was great to see Hasan's smiling face as Hüseyin in the restaurant. In short, we had to leave with regret that our holiday was over. It is a warm hotel that should be visited again and again. I would definitely recommend it. Endless thanks to Mr. Şamil, who took care of our every need closely and sincerely, without stopping communication before we entered the hotel and even after we left the hotel. 59. Yorum: The sea in Aska Baywiev, which is shared with 2 hotels, is very beautiful. It is shallow and clean. It is very enjoyable to sit on the terraces and watch the sea. However, you have to go up and down 70/80 steps to the sea, which is a bit … 60. Yorum: It just sucks! I don't understand where such reserved reviews come from. Star rating, at most 3, and that’s a stretch. Shabby corners, no air conditioning in the lobby bar, not a restaurant - a shabby canteen with stained napkins. Beach and access to the sea.... mmmm it’s hard to say: it looks like a lagoon covered with sand, but not very far, then instead of the bottom there are sharp stones! The main part of the sun loungers is on the pontoon. The mattresses on the sun loungers are all worn out and have holes in some places. The food sucks! Of course you can find fish and chicken, you can eat a cucumber, a tomato, and that’s it. I don’t even want to describe the “further delights”... I don’t recommend it to older people, because... a very long rocky forest to the sea, and it is understandable for families with small children. People, do not believe retouched photographs, be prepared where you are going and what you are paying money for! Yeah, and the hotel is the whole area, there’s nowhere to go Are you serious, seriously...."not meeting my needs"? Yes, your public toilet has not been cleaned for 2 days! And this is the only toilet on the beach and pool area; not a single stall is locked! And finally teach your chef how to cook, he is responsible for the food, it’s impossible to eat!!! Why are your beets sour? What is this national dish?! 61. Yorum: Overall I liked the hotel, we were on holiday with a friend, late September early October. The room is certainly not perfect, but it’s clean, it doesn’t matter to me, it’s only for spending the night in it, by and large. The nature, the sea are simply amazing, the beach is of course a little small, but there is an excellent one nearby ,big. The food is varied, you won’t go hungry) the service staff is friendly and attentive. The animators Mustafa and Tolgo are brilliant guys, you never got bored. The club they offered to go to a disco from the hotel was cool, I recommend it! We had a great time, maybe we’ll come back again! 62. Yorum: This year, we chose Aska bayview hotel for our summer holiday between 8 and 13 September. We are still staying at the hotel now. First of all, the sea is really beautiful, the beach is very beautiful. Although there is not much variety in the food, it is delicious and satisfying. What we were most pleased with at the hotel was that every employee was smiling and friendly. We truly felt like home. During this period, it was my daughter's birthday, and they celebrated it in both the restaurant and the mini club, much better than we expected. We would like to thank everyone who contributed, but especially the animators Mustafa and Kağan, Mr. Abdullah in the lobby bar, Mr. Murat in the restaurant and all his friends. We will leave the hotel with a heavy heart. 63. Yorum: We stayed as 2 families for 5 nights, at first check-in we were offered a suite room, for 2 nights, then they offered us separate rooms with pool and sea views in the same building, we said ok. The rooms were very old anyway. As I said, the food is absolutely tasteless and insufficient, the room cleaning is zero, they went in for cleaning and left a dirty mop, and they put the dust under the sink. Then the rooms were allocated and they gave rooms in different buildings. We said okay again. Even though they always seem like they are trying to help, they are actually trying to save the day. I've visited so many hotels, but for the first time, we wanted the holiday to end as a family. I wouldn't go again and I wouldn't recommend it anyway. I think the hotel needs a complete overhaul. But when it comes to price and performance, it's not that much. THE ONLY BEAUTIFUL PART OF THE HOTEL IS THE VIEW AND THE BEAUTIFUL SEA, THE POOL IS CONSIDERED ENOUGH (You can't find a place for sunbeds in the pool or the pool, everyone leaves their towels and leaves, which is the case in most hotels). 64. Yorum: Super hotel ,it has everything you are looking for. Friendly and courteous staff, good variety of food, delicious food, good service in restaurants and bars, it was a holiday exactly above our expectations. I can strongly recommend it. And … 65. Yorum: We came as 3 families 5 days ago, the location of the hotel is very good, there is a parking problem at the hotel entrance, breakfasts are weak compared to other meals, but snack foods such as potato meatballs etc. are available between 11.30 and 16.00. Compared to other hotels, the queue for ice cream is less because 2 people are delivering it. We were very pleased with this. The staff does their best in terms of entertainment, but there is no activity after 22.00 and people feel sleepy. If you wanted to sit outside for a while, we couldn't find any space at the tables and chairs outside. I think it is an ideal hotel for its price. The hotel can reach a better level if the breakfasts are diversified and the number of tables and chairs outside is increased. 66. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel as a family between 8-13 September 2024. Aska Bayview, Utopia Beach and Incekum West are 3 adjacent hotels. There is a bay-shaped beach shared by 3 hotels. The sea is very beautiful. Aska Bayview 4 stars. It's not very luxurious. A reasonable hotel for its price. There is not much food variety, but you can find delicious food. It's nice to watch, but one of the sisters is slow. Cleanliness could have been better. Employees are generally attentive. The animation team is great. We would like to thank the entire animation team, especially Mr. Mustafa and Kağan from the animation team, Mr. Murat and his colleagues from the restaurant department, for their sincere and friendly service. Oktay SERIOUS 67. Yorum: It is one of those places that should be visited regularly. We were very satisfied. The rooms are cleaned every day. The pool is clean. The food is great, we have all kinds of fish, chicken and vegetable dishes, they ate them and we had no … 68. Yorum: The worst hotel we've ever been to, all the people go to the counter to quarrel. The rooms are tattered, the phones don't work in the rooms, there are no administrators, only the girl helped. moved on the second day, there was nothing to choose. One girl came across an interesting room, opposite the bed there was a toilet and a shower, no bathroom... The animators are not visible at all, I asked them where the gym is? They said there was no such thing here... I found it, took a photo and showed it to them, they congratulated me on finding it. The food is so-so, everything is the same... the hotel rating is inflated I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!! 69. Yorum: This is my first visit to the hotel, but it is the hotel I will choose from now on. I recommend it to everyone, it is a perfect hotel with everything. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the sea and the beach are more beautiful than most beaches in Alanya. Since it is a sea of ​​sand, not stone, my choice will be this hotel next time. 70. Yorum: We were very pleased with our first visit to the hotel, everything was very good, the location, the room cleaning, the staff were wonderfully friendly, for making us feel special and different, Night Manager Osman Bey and his wife Hacer Hanım, who made a difference by doing their jobs with love and dedication, restaurant manager Hacı Bey. We would like to thank Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and his friendly staff for their interest and concern for the guests and us. We had a nice holiday, we felt the difference. We would also like to thank the chef at the bar, Mr. Tarık, and Mustafa and Tolga from the animation team for their interest and interest. Hope to see you again, God willing.... 71. Yorum: We checked into the hotel on July 28th and will be leaving on August 3rd with regret. We liked the hotel very much in every aspect. First of all, the hotel manager Mr. Şamil ÇOBAN is a very caring and helpful manager. He deals with each customer individually and helps them immediately if there is any problem. We thank him very much. The holiday coincided with his 25th wedding anniversary. Mr. Şamil prepared a special wedding anniversary table for us. He sent fruit baskets to many rooms. What more could it be? Thank you very much. Personally, I recommend it to everyone. A true family hotel. Be sure that you will receive a service that exceeds the money you pay. The food is delicious and diverse. For drinks, I recommend local alcoholic and non-alcoholic. You can easily find foods such as pancakes, hamburgers, etc. You can eat as much ice cream as you want in a cone between 17-18 hours. The sea and pools are wonderful. The shows of the animation team (Kağan, Merih, İrem, Hürü and DJ. Mustafa) are excellent. They are all very good people. The environment is very nice. There is nothing that could disturb you in the hotel. We would like to thank the waiters Mehmet Yıldız (STAR), Halil and Emre. If you go, you will definitely be satisfied. Go, see and have fun. I am sure you will receive service above a 4-star hotel. The hotel managers and all their staff are attentive and friendly. We were very pleased and recommend it. 72. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 5 days in the new season of July 2024 in Incekum. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice, the smiling face and welcome of the employees were very nice from the moment we entered the hotel. Mr. Nazım Aygın and his team in the lobby immediately took us to our room and were very helpful throughout our holiday. The rooms of the hotel are nice, but they can be improved, the food is still not bad, but it would be perfect if there was a variety, especially in terms of fruit, the sea is wonderful and the beach is very good, but the stairs are a bit tiring. As for the staff, especially Ms. Merih, Hürü and İrem in the animation team are truly amazing, there are organizations every night, they are always active during the day, they were very attentive and friendly at every moment of our holiday, we thank them very much. The staff in the restaurant section is as clean as a bee. It was the first time we ate at a hotel restaurant where there were no flies. I would like to make a parenthesis about my brother Cahit. A man who never gets tired, MASHAALLAH, he has people like fleas. The pool and aqua are small but okay, we didn't get bored. There is only a problem with sunbeds, but they are available in every hotel. Fish at the a la carte restaurant was great, especially the fish soup was legendary. In short, the hotel is a price-performance hotel, all staff are well-intentioned and hard-working, food and drink are good, management is good, entertainment and animation are really great, would we go to this hotel again after these? Definitely yes, thank you very much to the hotel management and all the staff. 73. Yorum: Even though we were two gentlemen, we were accepted into the hotel with the approval of Front Office Manager Nazım Bey. We were welcomed very well from the moment we entered the hotel, and although it was a 4-star hotel, it felt like a 5-star hotel. Food and Beverage, Accommodation, Pools (children's pool), slides, Animation, everything was very nice. However, the best part of the hotel was that all the staff were friendly and helpful. There is a decent environment where you can stay with your family. Additionally, the Animation team entertains children and customers with various games and activities. It was a very nice holiday for us. We had no problems. You can spend your holiday here with peace of mind with your family. Endless thanks to all Aska Bayview staff, especially Mr. Nazım, and the animation team who entertained us throughout the holiday, for their interest and concern. 74. Yorum: We checked out of the hotel on August 18th. First of all, it is a little far from Alanya in terms of location, 20-25 km away, but it is accessible by Western Union cars. Apart from that, breakfast+lunch+dinner, ice cream time, snack bar were all very good and a variety of dishes and desserts were served at every meal. Therefore, thank you for the efforts of all the staff. The pool is large enough and the sea is very beautiful, especially in the morning hours. The attention of the staff and the cleanliness of the room were all very good. My wife and I were satisfied. It was a complete family hotel and price performance place. We left sad because the holiday was over, but it was because it was such a beautiful environment. Ms. İrem and Mr. Melih from the organization team were very attentive, I would like to thank my brother Hasan at the pool bar. 75. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights and 6 days. It is a full price performance hotel. You will not go hungry when it comes to food. It is possible to find food anywhere at any time. I would like to thank all the staff for being friendly. It is very nice that the hotel is right next to the sea and the sea is completely sandy. I would also like to thank our hotel manager Mr. Şamil for offering us a wonderful holiday. This is my second visit to Aska Bayview hotel this year and I left very satisfied. See you again next year, Aska family. 76. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights and 6 days in the last week of August 2024. The hotel can be evaluated in terms of price performance and you should not expect premium deluxe or luxury service. The sea was not wavy in the first two days and swimming with the fishes was quite enjoyable. Almost all of the employees are friendly and try to do their job. Apart from these, there are 2 issues that no one has mentioned before, which is fine for me. First of all, there was a permanent staff in the health room at the hotel during the daytime. Maybe he could not intervene much, but it is sufficient for first aid, as the name suggests, considering that even in much larger and complex facilities, doctors or health personnel are called from outside only when necessary, it is an important service. The other issue is the toilet in the main restaurant. I say this in a positive sense because it is better in terms of hygiene (toilets are very close to the restaurant) Apart from these, yes, food needs improvement, you will not go hungry, but I cannot say that it is very diverse and delicious. In the bars, beer, vodka and gin are served from well-known brands in the market. Ice cream is generally the same. Enough to get your money's worth 77. Yorum: The advantage of this hotel are beautiful views. If someone on an all-inclusive holiday wants to eat rice/groats, they will be satisfied, otherwise it is difficult to choose something so as not to go hungry. The fries and burgers in the snackbar are tasty, but there are no fries in the main "restaurant". Drinks practically without alcohol, watered down wine. Something often came to an end. Ice cream served in the afternoon, open for an hour or two. The hotel staff is nice. The visual aspects of the rooms leave much to be desired, if you leave a tip, they are thoroughly cleaned. The air conditioning works. One elevator for the entire 6-story building, which can be entered by a maximum of 3 people, although it stops on the floors where a button is pressed, makes it faster to climb the stairs to the 6th floor than to take it. The hotel beach is small and the sun loungers are located on the pier. The large pool is ok, but it is forty meters at its deepest point. There is no need to occupy sun loungers by the pool at 6 a. m., there should also be individual seats during breakfast hours, although once someone's towels were thrown off by other tourists. Two slides in the second pool are open during scheduled hours. Loud music plays half the day, and there is practically no animation - water polo every day, sometimes there was darts and water gym (each time the same exercises to the same music). There are shows in the evenings, fortunately not conducted by the hotel's animators. 78. Yorum: I didn't want to start from the first day, but I was ashamed because I was in the same sector. In a hotel, the room may be old, so the customers will come. In a hotel, the food may be bad, the customers will come, and in a hotel, the location may be bad, so the customers will come. But in a hotel, the staff cannot be bad, cannot talk loudly, cannot take shortcuts. We came as 20 people, and when we checked in, one man and one woman at the reception, both of them, did not greet us with any welcome or hello, with sullen faces, as if we were coming to his house for a sleepover. Anyway, I didn't mind, I was asked for ID, one of us collected them, we gave them, the reaction was the same: "There are 18 IDs here, there should be 20, give me the other IDs too." They give forms for 6 rooms, we asked for one more, the reaction is again "I gave you 6 rooms!" There was a paper problem at the hotel, we wrote it wrong. "Give me here, there's another one just like that," he says, as if joking. You ask when we can get the room key, and without even looking at your face, he says it's not clear after 14. Then I say to the old uncle that the hotel reception staff is probably the worst reception staff I have ever seen. The man says thank you, thank you very much, they all seem to be joking. I wrote this comment, first of all, to let you know the value the business gives to its customers. The rooms are old, there is no elevator, and there are difficulties such as going down 100 stairs to the beach. My advice to the hotel: do some research on customer loss statistics. 40% of the time, bad communication with the customer is the reason why the customer does not choose me again. I don't know if you are working for a living or if you have hired a partner. 79. Yorum: Think of a hotel where Room Cleaning is done with a Broom Broom. Imagine a hotel without a vacuum cleaner. Let's say it from the beginning that fake comments are mostly written. When I was coming to the hotel, I said how bad could a 4-star hotel be, considering it was an average price-performance hotel in the comments, and I decided to come. The staff is trying to do their best. The rooms and facility are old. The silicone around the shower cabin and the sink edges are black and the bottom corners are dirty. If you accidentally touch your hands under the bed, on the edge of the wall in your room, you can't help but wash them. The sea is nice but there are always thin waves, it is constantly wavy morning and evening. But the sea and the beach are clean, although there is something about 30-40 meters from the beach. The food oh my god I spent my entire dessert eating rice and salad because we were the only ones we could trust. I swear my taste receptors went wrong at the hotel. Or is there just one thing, the taste that should be there is not there. Pepper brother, how can a roasted pepper be bad? I'm not talking about desserts anyway. Avoid using ground meat meatballs or anything like that. Believe me, it is not clear what meat it is. It tastes different too. So, for those who read this comment, do not think that this guy is the kind of guy who criticizes everything. I am not that type of guy. I came here thinking that I would encounter an average hotel, but even average is luxury for this place. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I AM IN A HOTEL RIGHT NOW, STAYING WRITING THIS. 80. Yorum: We stayed at your hotel as a family between 1 October 2024 and 5 October 2024. Our room was very clean. The food was delicious and I cannot ignore the friendly approach of the staff. I would like to thank Mr. Şamil, the Business Manager, for always taking care of us since we first arrived and for his pleasant conversations. I would also like to thank the waiters Süleyman and Halil. 81. Comment: Very average hotel.... We stayed July 15-22. The rooms are still okay, although twice we had towels not taken and they were not cleaned, and ants moved in... The food was very monotonous, always rice, baked vegetables, lots of sweets and good meat. Fruits - watermelons, oranges, grapefruits, plums, apples, once there was a melon and once there were grapes. Water in a restaurant in 200 ml plastic cups looks like cream, honestly - it's the first time in my life I've seen such a thing. The coffee from the espresso machine wasn't even stable next to the espresso machine... We couldn't avoid stomach sensations, like many hotel guests. The two men from the spa/hammam etc. were very pushy and insistent, it was very annoying. Drinks at the pool bar were served in small plastic cups, the alcoholic ones were probably watered down because you could drink and drink and not get drunk :-) The animators seem ok, but without any special flair. The pool slide is open twice a day for an hour and a half, the swimming pool is open only until 7 p. m., the hotel beach until 9 p. m. Internet - a tragedy.... Free only in the hotel lobby, but it cuts out every now and then if a lot of people use it. Paid internet costs 12 euros per phone, I didn't use it, so I can't comment. I recommend the public beach near the hotel, especially in the evening, it's great, especially in good company. Overall, I don't recommend... 82. Yorum: I flew with my family for 10 days. We were greeted very warmly. The food is delicious, the rooms are clean. There was a lot of entertainment for children. But I want to say a big thank you to the boys at the reception (Asmir and Hafiz). A very good and kind animator, my soul rejoices at him! 83. Yorum: We enjoy our holiday as a family every year. The location is beautiful, the sea is beautiful, the only problem is the stairs, other than that, the food is plentiful, the staff is friendly, the rooms are cleaned every day, the towels are clean... I would like to thank Ms. Neslihan in C block, our room is like a flower every day. You can change the beach towel every day if you want. It is spotless. I would like to thank Murat for taking care of us in the restaurant. I recommend... Family hotel... 84. Yorum: I liked the hotel, I would like to mention the delicious food, especially the breakfast and dinner on the Turkish night. The animators were great, they entertained us every evening to the fullest! The music and performances are great. 85. Yorum: This is our second visit to the hotel. It is a hotel we prefer even just to swim in the sea. The service it provides is equivalent to the price paid. Since the day we entered the hotel, the receptionists, the security at the door, and the waiters working in the dining room have been very friendly and helpful. Especially the hotel manager Mr. Nazım showed all the help he could. The way he constantly walks around and greets everyone makes you feel good. Thank you, Mr. Verse. 86. Yorum: It is a complete performance hotel, a very nice hotel for its price. Child friendly. The beach and the sea are very beautiful, accessible to children. Considering the price, the food options are normal, the rooms are normal, do not forget that it is a 4-star hotel, it is a hotel I can come to again next year. It should also be noted that the staff is very friendly and the animation team is also attentive. I would like to thank the hotel manager Mr. Samil for his interest. 87. Yorum: It can be said to be a perfect price performance hotel. It has a great location, the food is proportional to the money you pay, you won't go hungry, but you shouldn't expect top-class food. The animation team, especially Mr. Merih, is very caring and friendly, the staff and the reception team are also very caring and friendly. There are no people at the hotel who will disturb you or make you feel uncomfortable, it is a true family hotel. I think the biggest shortcoming is the rooms and room service, that's why I deducted 1 star, it could be a much better place if a little more attention was paid to this issue. 88. Yorum: When you make your reservation, they sell you 2 rooms, but when you go there, for some reason, you are taken to a suite room and although you have to pay money for it, your money is not given back. What they mean by cleaning is just making the beds. The food is bad and monotonous. My mother and brother were poisoned. Returning from holiday was very unpleasant due to vomiting and diarrhea. You cannot see that the pool is cleaned. There are insect and lizard problems in the rooms, balconies and corridors. They don't make any effort to solve it. There is a more attentive attitude towards foreigners, but they do not show the same attitude towards the citizens of their own country. The staff at the pool and snack bar are very friendly and tolerant. The sea, beach and view are very beautiful. I am aware that the holiday price is cheap, but when something as important as food causes so many problems, unfortunately I do not think we get the value for money. We had a holiday in 2022, so we preferred it, but it was no longer a place we would come back to. I hope they solve their problems and start providing service that way. There are also bots in the comments. 89. Yorum: It is a very pleasant hotel with its location, cleanliness and entertainment. The pool and aquapark were a little small. Even though we got a little tired going down the stairs, the beach was beautiful with its sand and aquarium-like clarity. The food in the restaurant section was diverse and sufficient, Chef Erdem and the serving staff were very hardworking and friendly. The animation team is dynamic and very friendly. I would like to thank Aska bayview resort managers and staff who contributed to our holiday being a good one, especially Chef Tarık Bey, who set an example for his staff with his experience. I would like to thank Halil, Süleyman, Hasan, Mehmet Yağmur Elif and all the tourism workers whose names I cannot mention for their sympathetic and friendly behavior. 90. Yorum: I would like to mention that the holiday I spent with my family was very enjoyable, thank you, I am still at the hotel. Special thanks to the animation team, they are friendly, their events are beautiful and their interesting shows are as well. The food is very good, price performance hotel. The sea view is very successful. But I don't think the same about the rooms. Better care could be provided. 91. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights, starting from August 3rd. We will leave the hotel satisfied in every aspect. We were very pleased with all the managers, chefs and waiters, especially the hotel manager Mr. Shamil Shepherd. We would also like to thank Hotel Manager Şamil for the beautiful and colorful table he prepared for our wedding anniversary. The animation team was great. Kaan, Merih, İrem and Hörü are wonderful people. The hotel is very beautiful with its sea, pool, view and calm environment. The employees are friendly people. In short, it is a hotel I would recommend. If you come, you will definitely be satisfied. It is a really clean hotel in terms of hygiene. I would like to thank all the employees again. Hope to see you again... 92. Yorum: Thank you for everything. The Aska family took care of everything. All staff and managers always welcomed us sincerely. The food, the view and the sea are magnificent. The animation team already did their best to entertain us. When the cute ones come, definitely meet them and chat, you will not be satisfied. Don't be fooled by the bad reviews, come and see. See you again aska family 93. Yorum: When we first entered the hotel, the staff was very friendly and smiling. We were very pleased with the managers, Night Manager Mr. Osman, Restaurant Manager Mr. Hadji, Ms. Hacer on the floor, Front Office Manager Nazım AYGIN and their staff, Animation Tolga, Mustafa, we had a special and beautiful experience due to their interest and interest. Thank you for our holiday. I recommend the hotel to everyone. Good work. Hope to see you again. Good luck.. 94. Yorum: The main advantage of the hotel is the sea (smooth entry, sand, clean water, it is possible to enter from a wooden bridge, fish swim). The hotel is located in the sun, shade can only be found in the morning, after 11 you can’t find shade, … 95. Yorum: I will make a short and concise comment. The hotel is very nice except for the rooms. The physical environment of the hotel definitely needs to change. But there is a sea that covers every flaw. The employees are very friendly and sincere people. I think the hotel management is very lucky in terms of its staff. The food is very delicious, especially the dessert section. You can definitely find something to eat at all hours. We were satisfied. Thanks to Mr. Verse. 96. Yorum: Hello, as of today we have come to the end of our one-week holiday. Thank you very much to the staff of Aska Baybiew hotel. All the staff are very, very caring. I would also like to thank Mr. Nazım at the reception and my brother Süleyman at the lobby mini bar. The hotel is in a very good location, the food is delicious, but I think the master who makes Güllaç, one of the desserts, is delicious. He can't make Güllacı, which is a dessert that I love very much. 😊🙏 The animation team during the day is very hard-working and constantly doing activities. We would like to thank Ms. Irem for taking care of my daughter whenever she has time. To reach the sea, you have to walk down the stairs and walk up when going up. Frankly, this is a bit tiring. I think the rooms should be given a little more care and attention. Apart from that, I would like to thank everyone very much. I wish everyone a good work. See you again.. 😊🙏 97. Yorum: The most affordable hotel in the region. Full Price and Performance Hotel. Good for Families with Children. Although the pool was a little small, it was still nice. There is also a beach. The food and service staff are very good. They are good at events. Ice cream, patisserie and pancakes are nice. We may choose them again next year as a family. 98. Yorum: We had a 5-night holiday about a week ago. A very beautiful and pleasant place. It's a place that really gives you value for money. The food, the behavior of the waiters, etc. It's a really nice environment. There was only a problem because the beach part was shared by 3 hotels. Hopefully, if God allows, we will go to this hotel again. Tks for everything. 99. Yorum: The hotel benefits when you get to know it better. The big plus is the location, beach, swimming pool, animations. Very nice and friendly staff, especially the manager Osman and the bar staff. (maybe except the lady at the reception). In this hotel, everything is at hand so you can relax. Importantly, there are no crowds or queues, deckchairs are always available. The rooms need renovation, but they are clean, the air conditioning works, The standard is adequate to the price. 100. Yorum: We are currently relaxing at the hotel. The tour was purchased from Biblio Globus, hosted by Fit, lasting 9 days. About the hotel from the moment of check-in: the bus that will take you to the hotel is not allowed, that is, you get off on … 101. Yorum: We just finished our week-long vacation and are returning home. First of all, we would like to thank the serving staff, especially the cafeteria staff, they are like bees and are very cheerful. The hotel manager supervises the staff and immediately solves the deficiencies, the animation team is very good, we did not use their pool, I will not comment. Their meals consist of turkey and chicken meat rather than meat, there are alternative tastes. You will not go hungry. The room cleaning is very mediocre. When we first entered the room, I cleaned the tops of the drawers and cabinets myself and witnessed the dust. Even though the bathroom tiles were clean, they were full of hairs, I washed the floor tiles myself. The sheets and blankets were torn, the rooms were poorly maintained. The sea is wonderful, waveless, and It is sandy, it is very suitable for families with children, the stairs are a bit tiring but not unbearable, you have to go up for drinks and toilets. The sun loungers on the beach are extremely small, so I guess there is not much that can be done. We were generally satisfied. 102. Yorum: We are vacationing in July with two children 8 years old. All liked it. There are small nuances, but these are minor things. The children really like the animation and participate with pleasure. The staff is very friendly, there is a Russian-speaking girl in the lobby, Natalia, who can always explain, advise, and help. The bartender Suleiman works at the bar, he is always friendly and smiling. The food is very good. There is always meat, fish, and fruit, which was very important for us. The area is not very large, but there are slides, 2 swimming pools, a children's room, and a small playground. For the money I really liked everything. 103. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, you really had to see it. We came on August 31st, the gala was very beautiful, there was a stage both in the restaurant and by the pool. We had so much fun. We were very pleased with the activities of the animation team, thank you to each of them. It was our 2nd year and we are thinking of coming again next year. Definitely a price performance hotel. Thank you for everything. 104. Yorum: We've been staying at the hotel since May 24th. I really liked the hotel: clean and comfortable room with a gorgeous view of the sea. A variety of animation is provided throughout the day, both for adults (darts, water polo, aqua aerobics) and for children. Wonderful clean, warm pool, cool water slides. The food is varied to suit every taste. I really liked the sauna and massage. Very hospitable and polite staff. 105. Yorum: This hotel, where we came for a 5-night holiday, is a place that should be evaluated in terms of price performance. Turkish night is held on Wednesdays, and there is entertainment, albeit short, every night. We should also mention that it is suitable for children. There is a playground and entertainment area for your children. The pool is small. The hotel has a parking problem and it is not enough. 106. Yorum: Hello, when we checked in to the hotel, I would like to thank the receptionist Ms. Ayşegül and their manager Mr. Nazım for taking care of us directly and taking us to dinner after a long journey, for doing everything they could to make us comfortable. The Turkish gala night by the pool at the hotel was amazing and I must say we didn't want it to end. The rooms were generally clean and cleaning was done every day. The food was exactly what we wanted and it was to our taste. There is no need to explain the beach anyway. Incekum beach is one of the most beautiful beaches in Alanya. We had a good rest, this holiday was very good for us. I would like to thank all my colleagues, especially Mr. Verse. 107. Yorum: The hotel itself is not bad, it’s quite possible to go and relax. Big question about numbers. The renovation is very old. There is really no light, the arrangement of furniture is not very convenient. The bed is directly under the air conditioner. Firstly, in this way it does not save you from the heat at all. Secondly, it leaks a lot. I came to my room from the sea, looked at the bed and it was completely wet. Room cleaning is also questionable. As I understand it, they do not change the bed linen, but simply straighten it. After washing the floors, the disgusting smell of feces remains. The food in the restaurant is generally good and tasty, but some dishes are cold. The beach is also not very convenient. Very little space. The sun loungers literally stand on top of each other. The situation is the same on the pier. You can of course go here and relax, but it’s better to spend money on a nicer hotel 108. Yorum: I had a perfect holiday with my family. Everything was fine. We loved the sea view. The food was also good. We had a great time thanks to the animation team. The premiere held on August 30 was excellent. Live music shows etc. were perfect. Thank you aska family. 109. Yorum: The rooms were very tidy. The food is delicious and the cooks are competent people. The employees are friendly and helpful. They do their best in the smallest problem and are great at taking initiative. It is one of the rare places that can be preferred for honeymoon. 110. Yorum: We had an excellent holiday with my wife at your hotel on September 28. The food quality and drinks were very diverse and delicious. The rooms are very clean. The hotel staff are very respectful, friendly and polite. I would like to thank … 111. Yorum: I think one would only be so satisfied during a short-term holiday. In general, we were pleased with the attention and care of all hotel staff. Even though I am a very picky person when it comes to food, I would like to point out that I did not experience any problems. Special thanks to the restaurant department for making us a nice gesture by decorating our dining table. If we ever come this way again, this is a hotel we would choose again with peace of mind. Special thanks also to General Manager Şamil Bey. They had a very constructive and humble approach towards us. It is at a satisfactory level at the beach and pools. 112. Yorum: I strongly recommend it to those looking for a price-performance hotel. We stayed with my family for 6 nights between 29 August and 4 September in room number 1105. To start with the sea, people set up tents and stay for two months to swim in such a sea. You swim with the fish in the glass-like water, the bottom is sand. For those who want, there is a pool. There is a pool with slides and pool games. If you talk about food and drinks, they are very attentive. The food is focused on customer satisfaction. All the staff are very hospitable and friendly. The rooms are a little old, but they meet the needs. In the evening of the day we are going out, there is a Turkish Night, there is a person who insists that you stay and go after dinner. There is a manager. What more can you ask for? I congratulate all the staff, especially Mr. Şamil, the Hotel Manager. 113. Yorum: My husband and I were there from July 8 to July 15. As for the room, we had it on the top floor, mostly with Russians. The photos show the passing of time of the hotel and it would be nice to take care of it because it has potential. The walls are thin. You can hear the alarm clocks of people behind the wall (but that's a minor thing). Drunk, screaming, fighting Russians at 03:30 is something we had to deal with. The air conditioning works perfectly, but the wind was either very strong or very weak. The hotel service was very nice, the cleaning ladies took care of cleaning the rooms every day. It would be nice if most of the staff spoke at least a little English. People in the restaurant care very much about cleanliness. They are polite and helpful - as much as they can and understand. The lady made delicious pancakes. The Internet is a drama. Free in the lobby, which almost doesn't work when there are 20 people sitting, or you can buy it in the lobby for probably 12 euros, but it only works in the lobby. My husband and I bought a Turkish card for 35 euros with 25 GB Internet in the store, so as not to be limited (we shared the Internet on two devices - it was barely enough for a week). A translator on your phone will be a godsend for future vacationers. Taking up the sun loungers with towels at 06:00 - no words. The food is not the worst, but monotonous, very repetitive, sometimes under-seasoned or so salty that it is impossible to eat. Fruits are: WATERMELON, watermelon and watermelon, apple, sometimes plums and oranges and once nectarines. It was also a surprise for us that the lobby was in a different building than our rooms, and to get to the restaurant we had to leave the section where we slept and go to the other side, but it wasn't a problem, it was just a matter of getting used to it. Animations ok. Not far from the hotel (maybe 150m) there is a bus stop and a shop that is twice as cheap as the hotel shop, and a travel agency where you can buy optional trips much cheaper than in travel agencies like ITAKA. The beach near the hotel is sandy and STONE. Be careful, because you can seriously hurt yourself by hitting these large stones in the water. If I were to advise you, set prices in advance and watch out for tricksters (THIS DOES NOT APPLY TO THE HOTEL) outside the hotel who want to pressure you into something and if you don't agree, they shout or call you names. 114. Yorum: We rested in July for 12 days. We checked in early, immediately upon arrival at 11 am. They gave us a room with a sea view, although we booked a regular one. We liked the three-story building, where the view was not of the pool, but of … 115. Yorum: I think the food variety was not bad, but the taste of some of it is debatable, there are a lot of things missing in the rooms and the pool is not as big as it seems. The animation team is very friendly and I think they are what makes the hotel the most beautiful. Pool activities or after-dinner activities are great. The beach was smaller than we expected and you had to climb a lot of stairs to get to the sea. But I really can't get enough of the sea. 116. Yorum: I WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL THE STAFF, ESPECIALLY Mr. WET. The food was prepared in very nice and clean conditions. The rooms are very clean and decent. The honeymoon concept is wonderful and broad. The bath and sauna are very clean and spacious. I would like to thank all the staff for their attention. 117. Yorum: We chose the hotel with my wife for a holiday by looking at the comments. We will stay between 7-14 September. The location of the hotel, the view and the sea are really beautiful. The beach area is small but it is suitable for those who do not want to enter from the pier. When we first came to the hotel, we had some disappointments and these were I also wrote it in a comment, but since we were pleased with the hotel manager Şamil's response to my comment, he immediately contacted us and dealt with our problems and was solution-oriented, I am renewing my comment and sharing it again and thanking him again. And what I can recommend to you is to choose a sea view room. As for meals. You can think of it as price/performance. Today is our third day and we are in good spirits :) 118. Yorum: The view and the sea were very beautiful, the staff took great care of my family. We had a great time with the animation team, they were all sweet and friendly. The shows were very nice. In short, everything was great. Price performance hotel. Thank you for everything aska bayview see you next year. 119. Yorum: We came to the hotel with my wife to spend our holiday. First of all, as in all the comments, the sea and the view are perfect. The beach area is limited but it works. You swim with the fish in the sea👍All the staff are friendly and do their job very well. Especially the hotel manager Şamil Bey. He cares about all the guests as well as us. I would like to thank him again for the gestures he made for us, what he did to please my wife and for making us so happy. And I would like to thank Mr. Rasim, who took our photos for our wedding outdoor shoot, as the best memory of our holiday. Thank you.. You have amazing poses and views. We really liked the food at the Alacart restaurant. We also thank Mr. Tarık for his interest. And we would like to thank the Aska Family for allowing us to have a nice holiday for a week. 120. Comment: Nice hotel! I will definitely come back here. The food is delicious, the area is beautiful, the views are incredible, the sea is amazing. The animation team is super! They don't let you get bored all day. Thank you for a wonderful vacation! 121. Yorum: From the hotel's senior management to all levels of staff, they are very hardworking and do their job thoroughly. I would like to especially thank the animation team, Mr. Mustafa and Ms. Duygu, for their close attention and care to their guests. The rooms are clean and are cleaned daily. The hotel's location, sea view is very good. The pools are well-maintained and clean, the Aquapark is organized and opens on time. 122. Yorum: Animation team Irem, Merih, Hürü are excellent, such a hotel is very lucky to have an animation team like you, the food of the hotel is very bad, Mr. Hasan at the mini bar is friendly and very attentive, I would like to thank the people whose names I have only mentioned. The pool is very dirty 123. Yorum: When we compare its price and service, it is an excellent holiday center. The general manager, Mr. Shamil, is everywhere. He's at work. We have had a great holiday as a family for 2 years. I recommend it to everyone who wants service rather than ostentation. Thank you, Aska Wiev Hotel. 124. Comment: 3 star hotel. Of course, we all understand that in the current situation, paying the same price for Turkey as a couple of years ago, we get hotels that are many times worse than it was, but it’s up to everyone to decide. We understood that … 125. Yorum: The misfortunes started when we first entered the hotel, they tried to give us one room as a suite instead of paying for two rooms, and they would not charge the fee even though we had to pay more. Nyse somehow we took care of the rooms, the first night passed, I hung paper on the door to clean it in the morning, I am a tidy person, I covered my bed, but since I knew where the stains were, when I came, I saw that they had not changed, and when I went to the pool, I complained to the reception, they said they would direct me and I went. We came at night and the room was still the same and the sheets were not changed at all. When they wanted to cause some trouble at night, they brought me in and I said "go and take care of it" and I changed the sheets myself... Tastes are very different when it comes to food, so we tried different dishes, but we all spent the holiday with diarrhea and vomiting.. And most of the people I meet are people who are sick like this. There were more foreigners than Turks and all the attention seemed to be on them, we did not see the subtleties like in the extra comments... If there had been no animation, it might have been worse for us, but the animation team, including both men and women, were very friendly and good-hearted people. People who entertain us at every opportunity and strive to make us happy... I would like to thank all of them very much... I am still at the hotel and I am writing about what I saw and experienced with clear reality.. Yes, it's not too bad, but the problems with the room and room cleaning+food were downgraded. 126. Yorum: I would like to thank especially the general manager of the hotel, Mr. Şamil, who showed interest and care from the day I first entered the hotel where I went for a holiday between 29.07.2024/04/08/2024, from the day I entered until the day I left, he took care of everything one by one, checked everything meticulously, and takes care of the customers one by one. and Mr. Mustafa, the night manager, Süleyman at the lobby bar, İbrahim, the breakfast chef, İbrahim, the pita master, and all the hotel staff, I would like to thank each and every one of them for their smiling faces and good manners. Thank you for a nice week we had. 127. Yorum: I came to your hotel upon the recommendation of our friends. I'm glad I did, I was very pleased. Everything is very nice, every part of the hotel is very clean, I noticed. The attention and friendliness of the staff... I would like to thank Ms. Yuksel for cleaning our room. Mr. Şamil took great care of us, thank you very much. Mr. Hadji, Mr. Osman, Mr. Nazım, I thank you very much for your interest. I would like to thank everyone who took care of us in the restaurant department, especially Murat and Emre. See you again. 128. Yorum: We were very pleased with the hotel where we stayed as a family in September. The receptionist, Ms. Ayşegül, helped us a lot due to my husband's illness. I would also like to thank her. The hotel's sea is very beautiful, it can be reached by going down some steps and there is a narrow beach area. The food is adequate and the view is magnificent. 129. Yorum: HOTEL= NOT BAD BREAKFAST = THEY PROVIDE 1 WEEKLY CHEESE ROOM CLEANING=NO, THEY ONLY FIX THE COVERS EMPLOYEES= VERY GOOD FOOD = VERY BAD. THEY OFFER THE SAME PRODUCT TO YOU FOR 3 OR 4 DAYS, MAYBE MORE POOL=NEVER CLEANED EVENING ENTERTAINMENT=NICE SUN LOUNGE = WHO CAN CLOSE IT OR YOU HAVE TO LEAVE A FEW ITEMS OR YOU WILL BE STANDED OUT. THE FOOD IS REALLY BAD. ME AND MY CHILD WERE POISONED. WE HAD TO LEAVE 2 DAYS EARLY BECAUSE WE SUFFERED WITH PROBLEMS SUCH AS VOMITING, DIARRHEA AND FEVER. IF YOU CANNOT EAT WITH PEACE OF MIND AT THE PLACE YOU GO, THERE IS NO MEANING IN BEING THERE. THE GOOD THING IS THE NIGHT ENTERTAINMENT AND THE EMPLOYEES, THERE IS NO OTHER GOOD PART 130. Yorum: Food is okay. The sea was very beautiful. It does not get deep immediately, the water was very clean and clear. The animation team, İrem Melih Kaan and other friends, were very attentive. Süleyman Ramazan from the lobby and the waiters whose names I did not know were all friendly people. The rooms are ok, but the air conditioners are not cooling properly. The rooms were cleaned daily. Turkish night was very nice. 131. Yorum: I came on vacation with my family. The hotel's location and sea were very beautiful. The sea is completely sandy and very beautiful. We would like to thank the hotel manager Şamil Çoban Bey for his interest. The activities and shows were very enjoyable. I would like to thank the animation team Kaan, Merih, Hürü, İrem and entertainment manager Mustafa Bey. We would also like to thank the waiters Mehmet Yıldız, Emre and Halil chef for their care. We are satisfied and recommend it. 132. Yorum: This is our 2nd visit this year, we were pleased with everything, thank you for the friendly staff. I would like to thank Ms. Irem from animation for her interest. The hotel is price performance, the view and the sea are very beautiful. See you again. 133. Yorum: My experience with the hotel is disappointing. It is very disappointing that the staff here understands little to no German or English!!! When I ask in English where the restaurant is, I'm instead shown a sign that says "Snack bar closed." Really good communication. If you would like to learn or practice Russian, then this hotel offers you a very good opportunity, because it is almost impossible to find German speakers here. 👍 The room itself is okay and spacious, so I'm even happy that it's actually cleaned every day. It's just stupid that I always had to experience the power going out or the elevator not working, especially because we live on the 6th floor. The food is quite okay. It's a shame that the dishes are always repeated. Sometimes I had to experience that my food was strangely hard or cold. However, I find the baklava there particularly delicious!!! You definitely have to try it :) . Plus, free large portions of ice cream provide a delicious way to cool off in the afternoon. The pool is far too small, there are usually far too many people in it and so there are hardly any opportunities for 'normal' animation activities at the pool. However, you can still see that the animation is making an effort and wants to ensure that the hotel guests have a lot of fun. There are 2 slides at the pool, which are ideal for smaller children. But that's not bad. But here the beach is a very good option for swimming and splashing around. Even if you get there later, you can get good berths. It is also nice that the beach is completely sandy and not overfilled with stones. If you want to travel to Turkey cheaply for a few days with your younger child (approx. 4-10 years), then you are in good hands in this hotel. 🙏 Otherwise, this hotel is not recommended at all. Unfortunately I wouldn't come back again. 134. Yorum: We had a very enjoyable holiday. All employees were extremely attentive. I would especially like to thank Mr. Nazim and Ms. Aysegul. The hotel's location and service quality were very good, and the sea was perfect. We got more than what we paid for. We want to come again next year. 135. Yorum: The first impression of the hotel was not very good. Since there is no air conditioning in the reception area and lobby. The fans did not help in such heat. Internet is only in the lobby, but you can purchase paid Internet, which will work throughout the hotel and at good speed. The staff is very friendly and smiling, which is very nice. The food is tasty, but not very varied. This fact doesn’t bother me; there is always something to eat. Who cares about alcohol - it is diluted, but not always) you may be lucky and the bottle will be uncorked right in front of you) the beer is delicious - and this is the only drink that is not diluted. The hotel hosts animations of both local amateur performances and guest artists. I can say that the hotel is not even bad for the money. I would come here again. The sea is especially amazing - clear water, soft sand, gentle slope. Yes, and it’s located in a cove. Thanks to this, there are fewer waves and the water is very warm. My mother usually goes to expensive five-star hotels, at twice the price. And she also appreciated this hotel, despite some shortcomings. In the end, we are going to the sea, not to drink or eat. If you want to drink, it is better to purchase alcohol in duty free in advance. From the hotel you can go shopping to a fur and leather goods store. The manager of this store, Bayram, will provide you with a round trip transfer. You can find it in the mini-shop at the reception or on site. The store is huge, a very large selection and not bad prices if you haggle)) haggling is common in Turkey, so don’t be shy) they can discount you 5 times or more) I would also like to mention Natalya, who greets guests, who will advise and help with any questions. Very nice and sweet woman) In general, I recommend the hotel for those who do not have excessive demands. Have a nice rest and good mood) 136. Yorum: The advantages of the hotel include: - sea view accompanying both swimming in the pools and meals; - animations during the day conducted by an energetic and friendly team; - close to the bus stop - nice pools and slides. The disadvantages of the hotel include: - poor organization of nightlife in the hotel and the distance of attractions for adults outside the hotel and hotel "discos" where Russian music dominates; - small selection of food; - several service people who are unhelpful and do not speak English at all, but whose importance is important, e. g. a nurse. 137. Yorum: Cozy hotel, but very tired, could use some updating. If you need comfort, there are hotels of a higher level. What is truly incomparable here are the massages from Guzel, I took a program with peeling and 5 back massage sessions. Guzel is … 138. Yorum: We loved the location of the hotel, I also went to the restaurant on the side, we liked it in general, thank you for the animation, we had fun in the shows and the activities were fun, But unfortunately the food and drinks were very bad. All drinks are served in plastic cups. Imagine you are drinking wine with a plastic glass... And you stay hungry every day The food was really bad. The sea is very beautiful.. 139. Yorum: We had a wonderful vacation at this hotel! We vacationed with our family in June-July 2024. The hotel is not new, but is located in a stunning location. Beautiful view, beach, snorkeling opportunities in a beautiful lagoon. Very tasty food, rooms cleaned every day. There is a very good spa center right in the hotel. Massage and sauna - super! The price/quality ratio is excellent. Thank you very much Aska ❤️ 140. Yorum: We had a perfect holiday. The staff is friendly and smiling. Special thanks to the animation team. They entertained us with fun activities every day. Mr. Hasan Şimşek at the pool bar was very friendly and caring. The entire animation team was very caring and friendly. Thanks to you, our holiday was very nice. The view is wonderful, the sea is beautiful. Thank you. See you again, love family. 141. Yorum: We went to the hotel, with a nice welcome, they immediately took us to dinner, then they cleaned our room and went to our room quickly. We ate both the service quality and delicious food with the money we paid. The front office manager Mr. Nazım and his team welcomed us at the entrance of the facility. We would like to thank him for the guests who will choose this hotel. We wish you a pleasant holiday in advance. Please, all satisfied guests do not forget to take the time to comment. Thank you for everything, Aska Bayview Hotel. 142. Yorum: We came here for the first time, we had a lot of fun, we will come again. Thank you very much to Kaana İreme and Mustafa from the animation team. They made our holiday more fun. Sows are so good, you won't get bored. The sea is very spacious and the view is already wonderful. Thanks for everything. 143. Yorum: I had a perfect holiday. Actually the animation team was great. Their activities may be the same, but every day is more fun with different people. I mean, I've seen other commenters, but I think they want very different things. They are friendly, caring and also fun. I congratulate the staff, they work hard. I was pleased with the holiday I had with my family. thank you for everything. 144. Yorum: Definitely one of the hotels to visit. We were very pleased. The rooms are cleaned every day. The pool is clean. The food is great, there are all kinds of fish, chicken and vegetable dishes, we ate them and had no health problems. Our 5-day holiday went very well. They made a very nice gesture by decorating our dining table. The hotel manager Mr. Şamil took care of everything personally, thank you very much. 145. Yorum: I swear it will be the most detailed and impartial review about the hotel. My name is Tahsin Ayt.... We stayed at the hotel as a family between 29 August - 1 September. What a entry There is no one to greet you or say what kind of person you are. I pulled the vehicle in front of the door and waited, when no one came, we unloaded the suitcases and carried them inside as a family. Then I went to someone to ask where I should take my car. We were at the hotel at 12.30 and waited for the room to be cleaned until 14:15. The rooms are very old, the floors are old style tiles, the cupboards are dying and it looks like a hostel. There is only water in the mini fridge. There is only one advantage of the rooms: the children's room is separate and both rooms are air conditioned. Let's get to the general issues. The hotel pool and waterslide are absolutely too small. People leave towels on the sun loungers at night (in other hotels, all towels are collected at night). There is definitely a lack of discipline in the hotel. Those who wander around the hotel at night put their feet in the pool with the slippers they used in the garden, those who get high at night jump into the pool, those who come as a group disturb the people with loud songs and halay until 01.30, but no hotel staff goes and warns them. It's like there is no air conditioning in the hotel lobby or dining room. You are drenched in sweat while eating. When it comes to food, I say it as someone who is seriously fond of food, unfortunately it is not enough. Especially the breakfasts were very poor, I always had to go and make toast, the chocolate we bought for the children was terrible, even my little daughter, who is a chocolate lover, said, "Dad, I won't eat this anymore." It appealed to our eyes and hearts only on the Turkish night, apart from that, you cannot find a second meat dish. I don't know what they make called Adana meatballs, it's like the ready-made stuff sold in the market. Ice cream time is only 1 hour and you are always in the queue from start to finish, there is no variety left towards the end. The sea was really beautiful. No matter how thin the sand is, it doesn't suddenly become deep. But if you want to eat or drink something on the pier, you have to climb 20-30 stairs. The hotel does not deserve its hospitality team and kitchen staff. No matter how motivated those kids are, they are like bees, they are at least two shirts ahead of the hotel. I admired those children once again on August 30, I hope they are getting the reward of their efforts. As a result, we were never satisfied with the hotel I bought considering my budget and the comments. It may be enough for those who go on holiday for the first time, but I'm sure it will not be enough for those who go on holiday all the time. I've been to 5 4-star hotels so far, and this one was undoubtedly the worst (I don't compare it with 5-star hotels; the 4-star hotel I went to 3 years ago will outperform some 5-star hotels). I recommend you pay a few cents more and go to a better hotel. If I were to rate it, I would give it 4 out of 10. You are blatantly lying in your answer. Even I had to do the job of leaving towels on the night you said was strictly forbidden on the last day. You didn't even mention those who jumped into the pool and made the hotel miserable at night. Your security guard did not meet me, your security guard came while I was unloading my luggage and looking around for a guard. You claim that your chocolate brand is Nestle. The child who ate Nestle at home did not put it in his mouth. There are dishes that you call meatballs every day. I already said that there is no second meat dish. The only thing you said is correct but missing is that you gave me a large room with sea view (no pool view). If you accuse people of lies instead of apologizing, soon no one will come to that hotel even if you make it free. 146. Yorum: First of all, our holiday was very nice. We had only one problem. We had problems with the food. We had to eat chicken and rice every day. It can be improved a little more. If I were to say something about the hotel, it was very nice in terms of activities. The animators did a really good job. We had a great time. The shows were very good. This hotel will be my choice again next year. Thanks. 147. Yorum: The friendly and helpful attitude of the hotel staff and the efforts of the animation team to ensure the satisfaction of the guests made us very happy. Thank you very much for everything. Compared to the general facilities of the hotel, it can easily be said that the staff and animation team have a much higher level of performance. The hospitality of the hotel manager Samil Bey should not be overlooked. We wish a happy holiday to those who want to come. 148. Yorum: This was our first time at this hotel. The impressions are only positive. The animators are super!!! We celebrated our daughter's 16th birthday. They congratulated her all day!!! They decorated the festive table!!! We went to a disco in Alanya on Bar Street. I highly recommend it for those who love to dance, you won’t regret it. 149. Yorum: Everything is still perfect at the hotel we have been coming to for 3 years. I can't get enough of the view, the food is quite adequate. I would like to make a separate note: The animation team is amazing this year. They took great care of us. Activities and evening shows are excellent. I thank each and every one of them. Aska family, see you again. 150. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and I am sharing its pros and cons. The hotel's sea is beautiful as it is sandy and shallow, as written in other comments, but a small sand area is shared by 3 hotels and the smallest part is the pier section reserved for this hotel, but unfortunately the sand area is small and the number of sunbeds is low. Unfortunately, it is bad that there is no relevant staff on the beach until the evening. While the staff of the other 2 hotels come and help their customers with sunbeds, unfortunately this hotel does not have staff on the beach. The downside is that going down to the beach with stairs is okay, but the ascent is really difficult, especially if you have a small child or are elderly. It is a miracle to find an empty sunbed. Unless you go down all those stairs early in the morning and put towels, there is no free space. Moreover, as we went there on the 18th of September, it would be even more inadequate during the busy season. Another issue is the food, which is important for us. It is very difficult to understand those who say the food is good in the comments. The hotel management should change the entire kitchen team, maybe the upper management wants it to be like this, but the food is really bad and tasteless. I understand the lack of variety, but making such a tasteless meal with so many ingredients is a different skill. They put spoiled products in the buffet and there is no one to supervise. We say let's have soup, but it smells so bad that there is no way it won't be spoiled. We say let's have boiled eggs for breakfast, but the eggs are spoiled and turn blue and smell bad. Cold appetizers are always the same, they never change, if you say dessert buffet, they make 5 different kinds of the same thing with puddings in different colors to make the variety beyond terrible and unfortunately they have zero taste. I hate ready-made meatballs, we came across ready-made products here, and I also noticed that no one consumes properly frozen ready-made products, so they spend money for nothing. One day we had grilled chicken and that day we could only eat grilled chicken. A Turkish family we met left the hotel a day early because their children and their children were uncomfortable with the food, and they suggested that we only eat salad-type things. We do not expect 5-star hotel performance, but it is definitely not a 4-star hotel kitchen. Another issue is the rooms. At the entrance, the hotel manager said that thanks to the hotel manager, they gave us a large 2-room suite and that it was in the new building, and we were happy, but if the new building is like this, I can't think of the old ones. The rooms definitely need renovation. The beds have collapsed so much that it is not possible to sleep due to the squeaks and the discomfort of the springs. It's a complete fiasco in terms of cleanliness. As soon as we entered the room, we saw that the toilet was not cleaned at all, and a pillowcase with black stains was installed, which means that a case like this cannot be worn properly. When they entered the room to clean, the floor smelled very bad, they probably wiped it with a dirty mop and it made a smell. I am writing these based on my 10 years of tourism experience, having worked in many departments in many hotels, and I would like to point out that there are negativities at a level that would not be expected from a 4-star hotel. Especially, there is a service quality that does not suit a hotel belonging to a chain group such as Aska hotels. Finally, it rained on the evening of the day we were leaving the hotel, and since the hotel did not have a closed parking lot, a lot of dirt and sticky sap from the trees flowed onto our vehicle and its windows, which was under the trees. Since we were going to hit the road, I had to pour water on the windows of the vehicle and hold water for 2 minutes with the hose in the garden. I asked for it, an officer immediately came running and warned me that it is forbidden to use that water. I politely said that I needed to keep water because we were going to hit the road, the windows were very dirty, but I could not explain it, I left the hose and we left on bad terms, never to come to this hotel again. 151. Yorum: This is our 5th visit to the hotel. All the staff are helpful and sincere. The food and beverage quality is indisputable. The beach is magnificent. The views are very nice. I would like to thank all the staff and the general manager Mr. Shamil. 152. Yorum: We are vacationing with a friend from 14.05. We checked into our room at 14:00. The room is good with a sea view. There is only liquid soap in the shower room... the area is very beautiful, amazing view of the sea. Food: chicken, fish, turkey, various vegetables and local sweets. There is little area on the beach (on the sand). Few people speak Russian in the hotel, only Natalia, Enes, Aishegul. The waiters in the restaurant are very polite, the animators are good guys. We recommend the hotel for families and older people. 153. Yorum: Two families came to this hotel in 2020 and they left really unhappy and based on this, I made a 1-star review. Since we love the sea very much, we decided to give it another chance and came again this year. We are glad we came. The hotel manager has changed. The main one is Şamil Bey and Osman Bey. All the staff are friendly and do everything to please you. They had a gala on August 30, it was amazing. The food was very good. The drinks were always cold. The sea is already wonderful. The animation guys are amazing. We are leaving the hotel very, very happy. Thank you very much for everything. Same. See you with the team next year... 154. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we came as a family, it was very enjoyable, the food, the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the activities and shows. We would like to thank the Hotel Manager Şamil ÇOBAN, the animation team Merih, Kaan, Irem, Hürü and Entertainment Manager Mustafa. The waiters, Mehmet YILDIZ, We thank Emre and Halile very much for their services. He made our holiday very nice, we had a lot of fun, thank you for everything, we recommend him 155. Yorum: We have just returned from Turkey, and overall I highly recommend the hotel. We were looking for all inclusive but not for millions and this hotel was a good idea. Great location, private beach and pier, lots of food, extra animators. You may complain that the slides are open only for a short time, or the mirror is not clean, but the overall impression was very good, considering the price we paid ;) 156. Comment: A great hotel. I want you to see the Turkish night, which is Wednesday. Great entertainment. The activities carried out by the animation team are great. I would like to thank all of them one by one. We would like to thank Hürü Aqua gym morning gym, Merih İrem dart game, Kaan water polo and their chef Mustafa. The friendliness and sincerity of the staff. Thanks for everything. See you again. 157. Yorum: I’m writing a fresh review - we returned home this morning and are still very impressed! I was with two children, 10 and 12 years old. We had a room on the 5th floor in the main building with a gorgeous view of the sea and the pool. In the morning and before lunch there were always shades and I always enjoyed this view in the morning. The balcony is spacious - there is a clothes dryer, which is very cool, and a table with 2 chairs. The room itself is ordinary, minimalistic: 3 beds with bedside tables, a table with a TV, a wardrobe. The women cleaned the room conscientiously, there are no complaints about this at all. Sea view from every corner of the hotel, I think that’s why I chose this hotel. The sea is with you everywhere - in your room, in the pool, at the reception. in a restaurant. Another main very important component of the hotel is their friendly staff. The waiters and bartenders, the cleaners - they were all very diligent, attentive, friendly, they simply looked after us, they treated us very warmly. Despite the sweltering heat and a lot of work, they always have a very positive attitude towards the guest. We tried to communicate with them in minimal Turkish for our practice. The guys still understand Russian. The hotel guests are different - Russians, Czechs, Poles, Kazakhs, Turks, there were a couple of Germans. And here I would like to note the not always pleasant attitude on the part of the guests - few people greet the staff, they take everything for granted, they rarely thank the waiters and bartenders, when they are served food and drinks - in the first days I had a culture shock from such boorish behavior of some guests, they fill a full table of food and then leave without finishing, leaving everything half-eaten - at these moments I felt shame for them, not them. It’s very terribly unpleasant; I want people to behave culturally both in their own and in another country. But most likely this is the type of people who behave this way at home, unfortunately. On the plus side, there is a stop nearby and we went to Alanya several times on our own there and back - a ticket costs 60 liras / 2 dollars per person one way. In Alanya we visited the funicular, the fortress, Cleopatra beach, etc. The hotel itself has a store, a Turkish bath (I didn’t use their services, so I can’t say anything), and next to the hotel there is a mini-market with souvenirs and a travel agency where we bought an excursion to a pirate ship. The hotel animators were young Turkish guys, the program began in the morning at 10 - we took part in water polo, water gymnastics and my son played darts all the time. Hello guys and thanks! There is a nice photographer in the hotel, Rasim, who took wonderful photos for us as a souvenir, along with an album and a glass magnet with a photo and a large portrait. The photo shoot with them was very relaxed, he suggested poses, places on the hotel grounds, caught good moments, did not put pressure. We highly recommend! Well, I end my review with gratitude to the names of the waiters and bartenders: Hasan, Abdullah, Murat, Cahet, Suleyman, Furkan, girls and women and other guys whose names I don’t remember. Thank you all for our wonderful vacation! Thank you for everything! With love, Anita 158. Yorum: We had a pleasant holiday with a very beautiful view of the hotel. I was very pleased. You need to watch the scenes and shows, I recommend it to everyone, thank you Osman Bey, thank you for your interest and interest, see you next year, Aska Bayviev :) 159. Yorum: We have been coming for 2 years and we will continue to come. We loved the hotel very much, everything is great, the staff are amazing. The food is delicious and the view is beautiful. We loved their shows. We had a very nice holiday with my wife and I recommend it to everyone. Thank you for everything, see you again next year aska bayview 160. Yorum: We arrived a little while after the season started. We met the front office manager, Mr. Verse. He showed very close attention. He is a perfect person. He is cheerful and knows his job very well and has details. A hotel with a perfect view. You go down to the beach via steep stairs. So we exercised every day. You find peace with the sound of the waves on the pier on the beach. The sea is very clean. It has a short beach. The restaurant waiters are very hardworking and friendly. Especially Yalçın wrote down in his brain what we drank on the first day. He brought it the next day without saying anything. They are all disciplined. Since the season had just started, they quickly completed all the deficiencies. Animatmr alone is like an army. Active every minute. We had 5 unforgettable days. We experienced MOMENTS, we created MOMENTS. We would like to thank all the administrators and employees, especially Mr. Verse. For those who come to the all-inclusive concept, please take as much as you want on your plate. Take it again when finished. They don't ask why you are buying it. You prevent waste. 161. Yorum: We came across August 30th, we are glad we came, it really couldn't have been celebrated better, the celebrations started in the morning, the meal by the pool was really enjoyable, apart from that, everything was great, a perfect value for money hotel. 162. Yorum: It was our first time at the hotel, we came with my family, the view of the hotel was very beautiful. The fine sand was the most beautiful of the seas we visited. I thank all the employees. The animation team's shows were also very entertaining. You must see the Turkish Night. Thank you, Aska, Bayview. See you next year. 163. Yorum: The rooms are ideal, family room, cleanliness is good, the food is good. The sea is shallow and the sand is beautiful, there is a beach suitable for children. I liked the attention and attention of all the employees, they are very friendly and helpful. The animation is very good, there were very nice dances and activities with the children. 164. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel from July 29 to August 5. The hotel area and the bay are very beautiful, the food is excellent. The staff is polite, they will always tell you everything. The rooms are tired and require renovation. But these are all minor things. Special thanks to Natalia!!!! We'll be back again!!!! 165. Yorum: The hotel is wonderful! The staff is very attentive and polite. But I would like to say separately about the work of the hotel guide RAMAZAN Meraliev. He deceives and does not complete information about the excursion, and if you want to … 166. Yorum: Hello, first of all, I saw a few bad comments, but I guess we are not really in the same hotel with that person. Because a bad comment about this view and this sea would truly be like a betrayal. The service staff rooms are really clean and nice. Special thanks to the animation team, they took great care of us. We loved their sincerity, their shows and their conversations. Thanks for everything. See you again. 167. Yorum: Generally we liked the hotel. The location, the sea and the in-hotel entertainment were all great. We are especially happy with the interest and concern of the employees. Special thanks to the animation team. The food was good but not what we expected. Thanks for everything. 168. Yorum: In general, we were satisfied with everything about the price-performance hotel, the employees are friendly and work well, the sea is really beautiful, it is a very suitable hotel for children, my daughters had a lot of fun, thank you very much to the animation team, we had a pleasant chat