1. Yorum: Very good and beautiful hotel. The rooms are spacious and pleasant. Housekeeping is done every day. Suitable for both young and old, with slides and a hairdresser spa center. everything to please us. We eat there all day long, with a very varied menu and for late risers, brunch, or for a snack, dishes are always available with drinks included with or without alcohol. The staff is welcoming, does not speak much French but we adapt and understand each other with kindness and a nice smile. Very well located in the city center so lots of shops nearby. The magnificent beach with deckchairs and parasols available, a pontoon for diving, privatized for the hotel with mini bar and crazy atmosphere, so don't hesitate any longer, a very beautiful experience lived with the family. We will come back 2. Yorum: I spent 3 nights with my family in this hotel and I was surprised because at first glance, it seems like a standard hotel. The room is good and there is nothing missing. The meals are varied, you can easily find what you want... 3. Yorum: Very good hotel. The location is great. The catering service is good. The rooms are spacious. Daily cleaning service. The waiters are very friendly and very helpful. I give 3 stars for the mentality of the hotel managers. They are very haughty and believe themselves superior to others. A change of management would be good for the hotel environment. I still highly recommend it and will be going back next year. 4. Yorum: I really liked the hotel, well located on the front line of the beach, the food was good and the staff was friendly. The entertainment was there, thanks to Samid and Antonio for the good atmosphere. I really recommend this hotel, I don't understand the bad comments 5. Yorum: Hotel senza sentana is a 3 star + hotel for me, we were with family, in a super large annex room with swimming pool reserved only for people residing in this building, the fault of this hotel is the lunch and … 6. Yorum: I would like to point out that this hotel, this hotel is more like 3 stars I would say because the room is small and in 3 star hotels the rooms are more luxurious and bigger and it's nonsense that you can't stay 2 days 1, day or 3 it's nonsense, and they say it's 5 stars, I'm sorry but it doesn't deserve its place and it says 4 stars and they say 5, don't waste your time here, and the wifi costs 8 euros per person 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ 7. Yorum: I stayed there for 9 days, the room was tiny, the air conditioning worked well,||The food was not good at all! Bland, not seasoned, not variable at all.||Same for the 4 hours, never enough, crazy queue and once there is more… 8. Yorum: Hotel that does not deserve two stars, horrible reception, you wait 2 hours for the room keys, you do not speak any language, not even Turkish, horrible hygiene, horrible service, for 10 days in the hotel, no one says hello to you, ordinary canteen food, all the services are below level 9. Yorum: It was great, I was there with my family, they even gave me a massage, it was excellent! 10. Yorum: It was a terrible 4 day vacation. We were really dying to go home, they couldn't even cook food on the terrible grills. When we expressed this as a warning, the manager took the plate from us and threw it on the grill. It's rude, people eat there... The waiters are very polite and friendly, but the owner of the hotel treats them very rudely... Let's talk, they pretend to clean, superficially, there are not even trash cans in the rooms, it's like a joke... The elevators have broken buttons, you have to go down and take the stairs on some floors, the coffee machines have been broken since the day we arrived, everywhere in the hotel is broken, you can keep whatever you have... Turkish night happened, I have never seen another shameful place that represents us like this, I am sorry, to be honest my money and my 4 days were ruined. 11. Yorum: Let me start by saying that this is absolutely not a 5* hotel. On the city information board it is 4*, and in my opinion a maximum of 3*. If someone is used to the standard of real 5* hotels, they will be very disappointed. Very poor quality hotel. The beach is dirty, rocky, terrible entry into the water - protruding stones with sharp edges. Missing boards at hotel pier entrance - unsecured metal rails sticking out... Beach towels as thick as worn parchment. The cleanliness and size of the pool are a plus, but the good impression at the entrance to the pool is spoiled by a damaged ladder. Music, pool bar and poolside bistro. We had a standard room, with sea and pool view. The furniture in the room is in poor condition, the bathroom needs renovation, the air conditioning is perfect. The elevators have no ventilation, there are a lot of people, the lighting is burnt out. The windows in the hallway were very dirty. I absolutely do not understand this nonsense about food: the choice is very poor, but the dishes are tasty and if someone likes vegetables, he will not be hungry. Location in the city center, on a 4-lane street, noisy and very busy. Extension of the hotel day by 10E/h. The entertainers, bartenders and other staff deserve special mention. 12. Yorum: Unfortunately, the beginning and end of the stay in this hotel ruined the whole vacation. At first, the dear gentleman at the reception only issues one room card telling me that they are hotel standards, he has probably never been to a hotel other than the one where I work. Catastrophe. At 12:00, departure is made and the bracelets are removed. Yes, yes, my pseudo 5 star hotel leaves its guests who have a later transfer to the airport with only water. I have been to many hotels but I have never experienced anything like this. The hotel does not offer lunch boxes, we were leaving for our trip at 7am so we were not allowed to have breakfast at 7:30am and the restaurant, which was supposed to offer evening soup until 7:30am, was already closed at 7am. As a result, we were hungry for the trip. To sum up: It is not a 5 star hotel, max 3 or a far-fetched 4. I would not go back to him, I absolutely do not recommend him. On the positive side: Good food Nice pier Catering and cleaning service 13. Yorum: You can go to this hotel only for its staff. Mrs. Filiz was the first to welcome us, we asked for three rooms side by side. He gave us very, very nice rooms. The employees working in all departments of the hotel (especially the female employees) do their job with dedication, care and a smile. Overall we had a good holiday. I was not at all satisfied with the animation. When you say something, they delay you and don't do it. Other than that, the food was good, if repetitive. There are many, many options. You won't be hungry. The sea was rough and could be dangerous for those who are not very good swimmers. The pool was sufficient. The spa service was nice. I recommend you get a massage. I bought it from Mrs. Eka and was very pleased with it. 14. Yorum: We returned on October 9th, overall I rate the hotel 4/5. Beautiful rooms, clean, fresh, cleaned every day, fresh tea, coffee, different food, everyone can find something for themselves, vegetarians too, fish, various vegetables, various cheeses, vegetables, salads, even sushi was served once, I missed much more different fruits so much, because only apples, plums and oranges, pomegranates, pears 😒 like in Poland, I once saw watermelon and grapes on someone's plate [it is better to come to eat earlier, because then there is a small selection of fruits], --- --minus--- is that they do not offer packed lunches if you want to take them on a trip, but there is also a tip to bring something to the room for dinner and prepare it for the trip, you can ask for aluminum foil in the restaurant and there is no problem, when the cook even gave me the whole pie/pizza that he took out of the oven. --the minus 2 is that the balconies overlook the street, impossible to sleep with the balcony open, there is a lot of noise, cars seem to drive there all night. * *Water .0.5 available without restriction in the fridges for meals and at the bar, juices from the machine as sweet as I don't know what, but it was good because you could do half and half with water from a bottle and it was ready for the road 😉 **large jetty on the beach. * *free sauna **the area is also nice, there is plenty of money to spend on clothes and souvenirs **the big Milgros at the back of the hotel, visible from the window [i.e. our so-called Biedronka/Lidl - best to buy their regional coffee and tea there. **bar open in the evening with 2 types of soups, also fresh. In short, I recommend it😊 15. Yorum: Mehmet and Ramazan were amazing. We had dinner at the Alacat restaurant (Bistro Bar) and were pleasantly welcomed. The decor was fabulous. I wanted to make it special for my wife's birthday, so these guys and... 16. Yorum: I stayed for about 1 week. The rooms were generally nice and spacious. However, it was a bit ridiculous that the towels weren't changed every day. The pool is a bit small, but it's ideal and it's usually not too crowded. Activities such as sports, entertainment, etc. are organized for free at the swimming pool every day, which was very nice. You have to sit on the deckchairs in the morning, after which it becomes difficult to find a place. Likewise, Aqua is small but enough to have fun. The fact that the cocktail bar etc., drinks are nice and unlimited is also a plus. A la carte restaurant They prepare fast food style dishes, they arrive in 5 minutes maximum. The pizzas and pastas were very good. The sea was very stony and mossy, so we always entered the sea via the jetty, this is the Mediterranean as you know. There is enough variety of food for the price, but the taste is average. These are usually not overly pretty dishes, but if you are not a gourmet, this will suffice. Finally, it is a shame that there is no parking. We put the cars in the dirt and carried the things to the hotel ourselves. Wifi, safe, etc. are still chargeable. There are more foreigners than Turks in the hotel, and besides, it is a more global hotel. In my opinion it is a hotel with sufficient characteristics in terms of value for money. Preferable 👍 17. Yorum: - paid wifi 2€/day (low in terms of speed, but good in range - it can be used on the beach) - Sanitation in the rooms, horrible. It smelled like sewage, even though the bathroom was dry, both in the shower and the toilet. - Bathroom - silicones are dark, dirty and unsightly. The shower drain is slightly raised upwards, probably for ventilation. - Swimming pool - forget the deckchairs, unless you are one of those who go out after 11pm or after 5am and take the deckchairs at the pool. Of course, no one lies down on these deckchairs before 10:00. But this is probably part of the culture of our compatriots and eastern neighbours (both), and not just of those responsible for the war. - The hotel beach is rocky/gravelly. But the descent to the sea is tragic - stone slabs (smooth), but with breaks for a foot, just in time for the leg to fall off and the wave to tip over and twist the ankle. The situation is saved by a jetty where you can enter and go down to the sea, but you have to swim because it is deep. - Pier - there are hotel sun loungers and umbrellas, of course, if Janusz takes them OR they will give 5 ojro to the lifeguard who takes the sun loungers, there are places, but there will not be any for a normal person. - A very large number of people coming from beyond the eastern border - rus-ukr-blr, the hotel is aimed at them because most of the staff (very good) knows their language as well as the animators. - Hotel elevators are small and very stuffy. Especially the one closest to reception. - The drinks are rather weak in terms of taste and strength. Bartenders pour alcohol into the drink from small bottles, then staff use the tip of the alcohol to sanitize their hands or the bar counter. - The beer depends on the bar where it is served. In my opinion, the beer tastes most like it's in a restaurant over a pool bar. - The beach is dirty, there are trash cans near the sun loungers, but our compatriots take care of the order themselves, smoking a cigarette and putting it out in the sand next to their sun lounger - SERVICE - this hotel deserves the highest praise. Especially the cafeteria team. He is good at picking up dishes from tables. Remove plates from meals you no longer want to eat. Replacing table decor/cleaning table after previous users. Excellent service. - The massage offered by the Asian lady is definitely worth it. For an additional fee only, the cheapest is €20/person. half an hour. It is worth taking an hour for €30. Do Thai women give massages?/Asian women. - Free sauna and beach towels/deckchairs after collecting the cards. They are also a plus. They are replaced every day with new ones – they must be returned in the evening and collected in the morning. - Air conditioning - a huge plus considering the overall appearance of the hotel. In the room, the hotel lobby, the dining room. Works really well. - The maids clean the rooms efficiently. Just hang a note on the door handle. - Bottled water is also available everywhere - lobby, bar, dining room, bars. Overall the hotel is a 3⭐️18. Yorum: After my brother booked the hotel, I was scared when looking at the reviews here, but when I went there and saw the service, friendly staff and cleanliness of the hotel, I realized that I should not listen to the reviews here anymore. We returned 2 days ago. The hotel and its rooms are very clean and housekeeping is done promptly during your stay. For those who want to go to the sea, there is an underground passage belonging to the hotel, there are deckchairs, a pier and a beach facing the sea. You have no parking problem. Parking is to the right and left of the hotel. The food was clean, plentiful and delicious, not to mention the patient and friendly staff working there while you ate. There are 3 swimming pools, including the children's pool (adult, child, water park), all clean and sufficient for everyone. Yes, there are foreigners in the hotel, but in this heat the staff treats everyone equally, whatever their needs, and I particularly appreciate the bistro a la carte chef Hüseyin Nakit for his delicious menu and friendly service. You get what you pay for. We were very satisfied and look forward to staying longer next year. 19. Yorum: The parking lot of the hotel I stayed at last week is a dusty lot. I took my car which I had left spotlessly clean, covered in dust. The pool looks big, but it's quite small for a hotel. You will be more comfortable if you choose the indoor pool, it is not crowded and the water is cooler. When we entered the room it was nice to have a bed for our 2nd child (they didn't do this in another hotel I stayed in last year), there is also a snack bar service in the a la carte restaurant and the system is very good, the food is fresh and hot and the waiters serve it. I can't say that the lunches were very successful, the grilled and meatball dishes were good, the vegetable dishes were a miss. The starters were good, the salads were bad, if you go out for dinner a little late, some leftover dishes are not replenished. Desserts always come out the same, very slightly different desserts come out. If your room is on the upper floors during meal times, the elevator may not be sufficient and you may have to wait a long time, as the restaurant is on the 6th floor. M. Murat from the animation team was very professional. A hotel and vacation spot that I will not choose again. Thanks to all our colleagues for their efforts. 20. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel between September 9th and 13th. First of all I want to thank the lady at the reception very much If she is reading this comment I am sorry I forgot to ask her name😀 She took very good care of us and was a friendly and sincere lady. I would also like to thank the director. We took a standard room and he gave us a family room. Our room was very nice and had a sea view. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The entertainment staff were friendly and there were activities for children and adults every evening. The sea was rough and full of pebbles, so we couldn't go in. The pool was great, but it wasn't enough because it was so crowded that you had to throw your towel away in the morning to find a spot. There are too many foreign tourists. They take up space from the morning. The aqua was nice. The food is delicious, red meat, white meat, meatballs, fish, you name it, all kinds of things. This is a wonderful hotel for those who know how to have fun. We had a great time as a family. the aspects are almost non-existent. The only problem is parking. The vehicles are left in a pile of dust. Don't expect too much for the price you pay. 21. Yorum: Yesterday I came back from vacation at this hotel. On the plus side: the bartenders are very friendly and the staff is generally friendly. Open-air restaurant on the seventh floor. Among the disadvantages - a scattering of roulettes. Well, many people were rationed, the food was monotonous and not very tasty, there were not many fruits, grapes and apples. Mandarins are green and sour. The desserts are the same, just repainted in different colors and shapes, it was not good at all, the baklava was served once and that was it. A la carte restaurant. It was a trash can. Among the fish dishes, shrimps cooked in cream were served (only three or four small shrimps), the main course was fried dry fish and that was it. They served a big flatbread or bun fried in oil and there was a pile of sausages and sliced ​​sausages. It was impossible to eat it. Why this was served in a fish restaurant is unclear. The dessert is similar. Yes, three and a plus. The animation guys are great, the alcohol is great, the cocktails are great. 22. Yorum: Negative aspects of the hotel; 1- The swimming pool is small and the sunbeds run out after 6:30 in the morning. You have to get up early and fight to get deckchairs. The same situation applies to the sea. If you go to the pool after 7:00 in the morning, it is impossible to find a sun lounger that day. 2- The elevators are inadequate, small and poorly maintained (red label). During peak hours you queue for the elevator for at least 10-15 minutes with at least 20 people. 3- There is only 1.5 liters of water and a few small plastic bottles of drinks in the room. Everything other than water is not renewed. There are no disposable slippers in the room, even if you ask for them, you are told that there are none left. 4- Many things like wifi, in-room safes and ice creams are chargeable even in ultra all inclusive. 5- There is no parking at the establishment. They provide parking without cameras or shelter in a dirt area next to the establishment. There is no valet parking service. 6- The dining rooms are extremely busy and crowded. Impossible to find a table in the first half hour. Table service areas are spaced apart. As with the lounge chairs, if you don't get there early you may not find a spot for the first 45 minutes. 7- Drinks and snacks are very limited. Besides alcoholic beverages, you can find cola, flavored fruit juices and water. Positive aspects of the hotel; 1- The employees are very friendly and helpful. 2- The sea and the beach are very beautiful. With a sandy beach. 3- Nighttime activities for children are fun. 4- Even though the food options are small, they are delicious and hot. The hotel is usually a budget hotel. If the price is reasonable, this can be considered. Those who want to go on vacation not to relax but to get up early in the morning and fight for everything can choose it. I would never recommend it to anyone who wants to relax and have a few peaceful days. 23. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel on September 13, 2024 and have just left. The cleanliness of the rooms is very poor. The hair of guests who stayed before us was in the sink and there were no hotel slippers in the rooms. Alcohol was served until 2:00 a.m. When we looked online it said 24 hours, I called the hotel to confirm and they said yes you can drink alcohol 24 hours but it wasn't. Anyway, alcohols were no different from water. I probably had 10 sex drinks on the beach in one day but it had no effect😂 the raki was like drowned handmade raki, we couldn't drink it. The only alcohol available at the beach bar is beer. If you want to drink alcohol while listening to the sound of the sea on the pier, you can only drink beer. They also told us they didn't have any family rooms and sold us two rooms for 5 people. Both bedrooms had a double bed and three single beds. What they did was very rude. Overall, I didn't like it... 24. Yorum: I am disappointed with this hotel. The location is very uninteresting, far from the beach, all around there are annoying bazaars and vendors that do not allow walking on the sidewalk. In addition, from the window you can see camels, tormented by lying on the hard pavement, with thick, suffocating nets on their mouths. The beach is very bad, you can even break your legs on the stones and there is a stench of gasoline. huge cans that lie in the sun to fill up the scooters. The restaurant is packed with people, it is very difficult to find a free table. Dirty tablecloths. The nightmare was that the plates and glasses were dirty every time!!! Literally covered in leftover food, we didn't want to eat or drink! The food was monotonous, there were days when there was nothing to eat. Taking the elevators is a nightmare, you have to wait a long time each time and then they stop at every floor. Also, nothing interesting happens in this hotel all day long, until late in the evening. You look longingly at the hotels around you, teeming with life. There was a very brief animation at Senza in the late evening, but other than that it was a disaster. No free Wifi!!! Water aerobics is a failure, and mat exercises are also a failure. Very poor for a family hotel, kids could only color T-shirts - what kind of attraction is that these days? The playground is dilapidated and badly damaged. You can see drunken Russians everywhere. The staff welcomes them and treats them with great kindness. Money is the most important??? It is very difficult to find a lounge chair by the pool, as it is occupied by the same people for several days. The alcohols are very weak, the wine is terrible, watery. I only regret the cleaning ladies and respect the good work of the lifeguard. A hotel for elderly people who do not like to spend time actively, for very short trips, provided that they take their own dishes from home. 25. Comment: Bel hotel. With a beautiful view of the beach. Generally friendly staff, the entertainment team is great. The maids were great, I was happy to give them a few euros each day as the beds were beautifully decorated every day. A work of art that is no longer the same every day. The food is very varied, there is something for everyone and it is halal. The beach is within walking distance, you don't even have to cross the busy street, but just below via a tunnel. What I found as a downside was the beach, it was not sand but very sharp stones that were hot during the day, making it difficult for me to walk on them. The sea itself was also quite rough, with large waves, combined with large, smooth flat stones in the water, making entering the sea quite dangerous. That's why I prefer to stay by the pool. And to do that, you had to set your alarm for a quarter to 7, otherwise there would be no more room at the pool, since everyone started putting down their towels at 7:00. The staff did nothing about it, so you were out of luck if you arrived at 7:20. Because you wouldn't have room on a deckchair by the water for the rest of the day. Because the towels stayed there whether people were there or not. What I also didn't like was that there were hardly any Dutch, Germans or English, almost only Russians, so the evening entertainment programmes were difficult to follow, I simply didn't understand anything because they weren't in English. 26. Yorum: I would like to start by saying that I am really surprised by the negative reviews about this hotel, reading some of them makes me feel like I am in a completely different place. I rate the hotel very highly, the service is really great, especially in the bistro and restaurant. When buying the holiday I asked the travel agency for a room in a quiet location and that's what we got, we were with our daughter (20 months) so it was important to us. The food in this hotel is very good, there is such a huge choice that even the most picky person will find something for themselves - if someone says that the food is monotonous, it is obvious that the dishes are repeated, but you do not have to choose the same thing every day because there is a large choice. Lots of cakes and fruits. The restaurant staff cleaned the tables regularly, everything was clean. At the bistro, quick dishes like pizza, burgers, wraps - very good and served quickly. Drinks - depends on who made them, some were awful but most were ok, the beer was very good! Pool - if you wanted sunbeds you actually had to book a spot around 7am but these sunbeds were actually in use, it wasn't the case that I was putting my towel out in the morning and coming back in the evening. The pools are ok, our daughter is very happy with the paddling pool. There are plenty of sun loungers on the beach, you need to have water shoes, the beach itself is nothing special, there is a bar, but we lacked nothing + a super convenient passage through a tunnel from the hotel. The surroundings of the hotel itself are a bit unattractive, we often went for a walk, but there is nothing interesting in the surrounding area. Bus number 1 runs to Alanya every 15 minutes, journey time approximately 40 minutes. There is also Polish music by the pool. As for reviews about Russian tourists, yes, there are many, but I have never seen them behave badly or drink huge amounts of alcohol, they are mainly families with children. Complaining about paid wifi? After all, when buying a vacation there is information about it, we had the application and bought a package in Poland, it was much cheaper and we also had Internet outside the hotel. Our daughter found the staff very nice, they smiled, chatted, she received balloons and fruit juice from the cleaning ladies. I really recommend this hotel, we had a wonderful week there. The only real downside is the distance from the airport (2.5 hours), although we managed to get there with a small child and it wasn't too bad during the transfer. 27. Yorum: I won't say that after reading the negative reviews I was a little apprehensive about staying here, but we just finished our adventure at this hotel yesterday and overall we are satisfied. Clean rooms, cleaned daily. The bathroom wastewater smelled a bit. The air conditioning in the room worked well. Unfortunately we were given a room by the pool which was irritating if we wanted to sleep around 11pm as there was loud music until late and the window wasn't closed very well so we could hear everything very loudly. There are a lot of Russian citizens, which I consider a small disadvantage, because most of the hotel's entertainment was in Russian. The entertainment was the same every day, but the hosts were very nice, they talked to us, it was no problem to communicate in English. We also spoke English at the reception without any problems. 2 swimming pools - one smaller with slides for children, the other larger, main one, open until 7 p.m. The sunbeds were all taken up with towels by 7:30am, but that's pretty much the norm for all-inclusives. However, on the beach there is no problem finding a free sun lounger, no matter what time it is. Private beach reserved for guests of this hotel, separated from the hotel by a tunnel, which is good because there is a very busy street next to the hotel. The beach is rocky, it would be difficult without bathing shoes, but if you don't have any, you can easily buy them at the hotel. Prices in the hotel shop are affordable, similar to those in the bazaar, with a fairly wide selection. In addition to shops, the hotel also has a hairdresser and a doctor, so you don't really need to leave the hotel. Bazaars - On Tuesdays there is a market 20 minutes walk from the hotel. On Saturdays there is a bazaar 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Also, if someone wants to go shopping, you don't have to go specifically to Alanya, which I think is a plus. The area is rather quiet, mainly hotel-based. I'm a little amused by the previous reviewer who described emaciated and tired camels at the hotel, as during our week stay we didn't see a single one 😂 The food was good, great choice, no one can complain that there is nothing to eat at this hotel. The drinks are also good. Beautiful view from the restaurant terrace. Overall we liked the hotel and would definitely recommend it. 28. Yorum: I had a pleasant stay at Senza Grand Santana Hotel in Mahmutlar. The location is excellent, right next to the beach and the view from the rooms is magnificent. The staff were friendly and helpful throughout my stay. The food was quite varied, although it could improve in terms of taste and freshness. The rooms were comfortable, but some areas of the hotel could use a little renovation. Overall, this is a great place for a relaxing beach holiday with good value for money. 29. Yorum: We spent our vacation in this hotel in 2023, the hotel is old, compact, there are not enough sunbeds by the pool at all, the beach is large, there were enough sunbeds there, but the entrance to the sea is dangerous, there are a lot of large stones, you can hardly enter, for fear of falling, not comfortable at all, There is nothing to do there with children, just relax by the pool. The food is normal, like everyone else's. very far from the airport, we drove 4 hours with stops at all the hotels. We went out for a walk, there was nothing except the pier, no entertainment facilities, cafes, restaurants outside the hotel, not even normal souvenir shops. It felt like we were in a residential area and not a complex. On the positive side, the restaurant is by the pool, overlooking the sea, the service is at the highest level, as if you were sitting in a restaurant, they bring you a menu, you choose), drinks are served in glasses, cold, the food is always delicious. I recommend it. The manager of this restaurant (I can't remember his name) is a very friendly and helpful person. 30. Yorum: It was the first time in a 5-star hotel that you had to pay for WiFi... The hotel is large, with many rooms and guests. The elevators are slow and you can sometimes get stuck waiting. There is no air conditioning in the elevators and hallways, so it is stuffy. The rooms were quite nice, the fridge didn't work. The restaurant is big, but there are not enough tables and chairs, you have to wait to be seated. Combined food, I saw how they mature meat or transform what didn't work into something else. And it's the same thing almost every day, with little variety. A plus is a nice view because the restaurant is located on the 7th floor. The pool is clean, of course there are few deckchairs. There are Russians everywhere... The surroundings of the hotel are average. There is not much room to put the shoe. Pebble beach. It's bad without shoes. Check-in at the hotel until 12:00. Then they cut the bracelet and you can hardly use anything. Only drinks and sugary snacks. You can forget about the restaurant. Vegetation simply until departure. 3 stars is the maximum we can give. 31. Yorum: The best vacation of my life!!! Amazing atmosphere!! Close to the beach, the underpass is a big advantage. Everything was great, the hotel was amazing. Only the rooms were not very cool, but the most important thing was that the air conditioning worked perfectly. The staff everywhere were truly wonderful, helpful and welcoming. The food, apart from breakfasts, was a bit bland, so I had a piece of cake every day, but lunches and dinners were excellent. A large selection of meats, fish, salads and their own style pizzas, it's pure poetry!!! In terms of quality, the price-quality ratio is correct. The evenings are interesting, there is also a Polish dance and music show, so we all had a great time!! It would be great if these dances lasted longer. There is a bar with cola and beer on the beach and free sun loungers. We also enjoyed massages, very professional service. You had to pay for wifi, which is a minus for a 5* hotel, but we will definitely return. It was a very good stay in Türkiye, despite many fears before arrival, the hotel turned out to be a good choice and the area was great too. 32. Yorum: We spent 1 week on vacation with my family. There are positive and negative aspects, I will write objectively. -- Positive aspects: The employees are very friendly and helpful. The view from the hotel is magnificent. We liked their food, their desserts and drinks were good. The rooms were clean. -- Negative aspects: The sea is very stony and wavy. If you like swimming in the sea, take this into account. We didn't pay attention to it because we thought it wouldn't happen so much, but swimming in the sea was a serious problem. It may be dangerous to enter with children. It's funny that the wifi and safe are chargeable. There is a queue for the elevator. It is difficult to find chairs to sit on in the evening. SOME of my animator friends only talk to tourists, they don't interact with their own. They just invited me to the disco. This is a disturbing incident that attracts attention. 33. Yorum: We paid 600 each for the week, you get what you pay for, so don't expect the Ritz. It was good value for money but we will never return.||The hotel is very disappointed by the exceptionally friendly man … 34. Yorum: The hotel is lovely, the entertainment team were great fun and made us feel welcome and comfortable both in the hotel and during the evenings at the local clubs. ||Emri did his best to take care of us for … 35. Yorum: We had a great time at the hotel. The facility is clean and there are programs every day that should please everyone. Although the hotel is mainly visited by Russians and Poles, there is no … 36. Yorum: I would like to talk about our experience between September 2 and 6. First of all, if there is a team you are going on holiday with that cannot swim or has little knowledge of swimming, a beach with guaranteed injuries awaits you, the beach is nothing but stones. Same as animation type hotels. You have to hurry to find a table at every meal in a restaurant. The rooms are ok. We couldn't drink anything at the pool bar and bistro for 2 or 3 days because of the smell, alcoholic or not. 1/10 of my vacation time was spent waiting for the elevator. Meals include delicious chicken and beef. There was never honey for breakfast. Desserts saved the day. This is the summary of this week. 37. Yorum: I arrived at the hotel on 05 10 2024. It was a shame. It was a vacation with very bad rooms. There is no valet parking at the entrance. The pools are small. a little early, we can find a place. The food is bad. There is no late breakfast. There is no raw grill. We called the chef to take the chickens from the table, he left them on the grill and gave them to someone else. It was a shame. It's a shame, they reflect that to you, the sea is very rocky, you can't go in, it's a pain in the ass, lunch starts at 12:30, there's no more food before 2:00, there is some. no toaster in the hotel for breakfast, everyone asks, they don't even answer, the coffee machine downstairs couldn't be built in 4 days, they do it so people don't drink coffee, the drinks have a very bad coladq aroma, so I recommend it to everyone. It was the worst vacation of my life. 38. Yorum: Hello, Reviews of the hotel vary, but for us the hotel is a good 4.5* value for money. The staff tries to keep the hotel clean and are quite nice and friendly. Food is a strong point of the hotel, great choice and really tasty. Spacious and clean rooms (I'm talking about the ones on the 5th floor, I don't know about the others) The pool is clean, big and there are no problems with the sun loungers. The beach is quite narrow, access through a tunnel from the hotel (excellent solution), separate hotel part - this is the weak point of the hotel. The sunbeds and mattresses should be washed more often, someone could also clear this separate part of the beach of animals, cups and other rubbish once a day as it would spoil the image of the hotel. The area is full of shops and bars, and there are also plenty of places to go out in the evening. Overall we are satisfied and recommend it. 39. Yorum: It was October 2023. And now we leave on October 14, 2024. Now it is our favorite hotel and we are satisfied with everything. The food is varied and fresh, lots of fruit. Very beautiful cakes and… 40. Yorum: Let's start with the good stuff. You can admire the magnificent sunset from the restaurant section of the hotel. Daily cleaning was carried out in the rooms. The pool cleaning is correct. There is a sister in the hall, she is older and I want to thank her for helping me change rooms. The employees were good🙏 Yes, let's talk about why we don't recommend it. The food is absolutely the same, especially the desserts are very bad. There was always turkey. The smell of fish permeated the food. The corn they used in the salad was stale and smelled horrible. I checked this stale corn in this salad for 4 days. The sea is incredibly wavy and rocky, absolutely unsuitable for travel, especially with children. My nail was completely torn off after hitting the rocks in the sea. There is no animation or entertainment at the hotel, they only deal with foreigners. We have to get up around 6am to get a deckchair. It says towels are left overnight, you can't leave them overnight because the employees collect and clean at night. Unfortunately, in terms of entertainment, zero food, it's a hotel that I will certainly not choose again. The elevators are problematic, my wife was stuck in the elevator for 5 minutes, no one got out on their own. 41. Yorum: We are currently staying at the hotel with my family. Everything is going very well. It's hard to believe the negativity of some of the comments. It is said that there is no parking, but there is an empty lot to the side that can accommodate between 80 and 100 vehicles. You can tow your vehicle there. They say the sea is very wavy, they say it is rocky, these are problems related to nature. These guys aren't going to destroy the waves... They built a pier, you can enter through there and you won't encounter any rocks. The swimming pool is very large and clean. The drinks are good quality. Alcohol is served at your leisure. The rooms are clean and quite large. Air conditioners are under your own control. The food is varied. Those who say they are hungry should look into the problem themselves. One of them is the lack of buttermilk in the hotel. Yes, you read that right, buttermilk is not served at all. In every hotel I've stayed in there was a sealed can of ayran, good or bad, but not here. Additionally, in the drinks group there are fanta cola, soda and iced tea. but not here. The hotel hallways and elevators in general are very stuffy and hot. There must be air conditioning in the hallways. The maritime connection by tunnel is successful. Only pancakes and drinks are served by the sea. Food can be varied. It's a shame that the bakery doesn't offer ice cream in the ultra all-inclusive concept. At the bistro, food is served according to what you say. Ultra all-inclusive concept, I think it's the first time I've seen something like this, to avoid waste I must also point out that it is not appropriate for a hotel that offers this type of service to have paid safes. Finally, we would like to thank Mrs. Filiz, who first welcomed us and gave us our room, for her interest. 42. Yorum: I would like to write an honest review about this place | Rude staff reception | Pool bar and staff entertainment was good | Food no ice cream for kids, horrible restaurant bistro bar at … 43. Yorum: Hello, before evaluating it, I will write the negative aspects: 1. There was no welcome at the hotel entrance, we had to carry the luggage ourselves. 2. Empty land around the hotel that does not belong to the hotel is marked as open parking. 3. When we asked Tatilbudur and the hotel if ice cream was available in the all inclusive concept while booking the hotel, although they stated that there was ice cream, it was chargeable. 4. There is almost no entertainment in the hotel. This is why you should always sit in the hall in the evening. 5. Air conditioners are turned off during meal times. They say they are on on time. 6. The types of foods, desserts and fruits were almost the same. Taste-wise, it was so good that you wouldn't be hungry. 7. Some hotel employees discriminate between local and foreign guests. 8. The varieties of cocktails at the bar are very limited and there are no drinks such as cold coffee or the simplest milkshake. On the positive side: The only positive side was the dedication of some of the hotel employees. I would particularly like to thank Mr. Mecit, Mrs. Şükran and Mrs. Fatma from the restaurant section for their services. I also want to thank the friends who work at Bistro Snack. 44. Yorum: Everything was perfect. The food was good, for example, they had veal one night, they pretended to have it the other night :)) The service from the staff is also good, everyone is friendly, knows their job, no one was running from one side to another. others panic for example. In general, the staff at rental hotels are shameful, they are not there! The housekeeping is good, they cleaned the room when we wanted, but the rooms are slowly starting to age. Let's get to the minuses, the hotel has 2 big flaws: There are 360 ​​rooms, they put 300 deckchairs by the pool. If you get up at 5 o'clock. 30 am and put a towel on the lounge chair, you can ignore this problem. That was the first and the second is that there is nothing in the way of entertainment in the hotel. After the meal, they have the children spanked twice from the bar, okay. One night there's a snake show, one night there's foam, and another night there's karaoke in front of the bar. You sit in silence for half the time! night, there are 5 animators in sight, but we don't know who is doing what. Oh, and I can't help but mention his attitude towards TURKISH guests, which is the norm among male and not female staff. Where are you from If you are Russian and a woman, there is no one better than you, but yes. you are both turkish and male, i would say don't expect the same friendly service. 45. Yorum: The stay was absolutely fantastic, despite some negative reviews that concerned me. From the moment we arrived, I felt special: the receptionist greeted us with a smile, helped us with our luggage and quickly introduced us to the daily life of the hotel, briefly explaining what and how. The room, although perhaps a little dated, was clean and pleasant. The daily cleaning was meticulous and the maids put a lot of heart into their work, which was evident in the smallest details. My fiancée's beautiful birthday decoration was a real surprise. Our room on the 5th floor had a beautiful view of palm trees, the sea and sunsets. The evening shows were often very loud - I didn't mind, but if anyone had trouble falling asleep because of the noise, they should ask for a room in a quieter part of the hotel, giving up the beautiful view. Private beach, with access through a tunnel, you don't have to cross a busy street at all, as someone already suggested. A very nice terrace with deckchairs and the possibility of entering the water via a ladder. However, I recommend having water shoes. The food was a real treat. Breakfasts offered a wide choice - from eggs in all their forms to fresh fruit, bread, salad ingredients, sweet ingredients, pancakes and many other things difficult to mention. For lunch and dinner we had a great selection of meats, grilled meats, fish, vegetables, various soups, many side dishes and desserts. At each meal, you will be able to compose a very rich and delicious ensemble. The bar-bistro was a great place for quick snacks and beer, which perfectly complemented the main meals. The view from the main restaurant was breathtaking: palm trees, mountains and sunsets made every meal a unique experience. The bars and bartenders are also a big plus. In fact, the entire hotel team deserves great praise for their diligence and reliability. Cons: The main host, the taller, short, dark haired guy. His persistent questions were tiring - he asked questions repeatedly, but his answers were often rude and dismissive, as if he didn't care. His "entertainments" were embarrassing and improvised. Actually, this guy was stressing me out and that was the only aspect that really bothered me. The evening shows were equally mediocre - they could have been more interesting and diverse. Despite these small flaws, the stay was really great. If someone is looking for intense entertainment or is planning to stay with children, they may be more affected by the low level of animation and shows. As for the food, those who find it monotonous have probably confused the main restaurant with a bar-bistro, where the choice is more limited but perfect for quick snacks. In summary: the Senza Grand Santana hotel is a place that offers excellent conditions, varied cuisine and breathtaking views. Despite annoying animation problems and mediocre shows, the trip was full of positive impressions and will be remembered as one of the best trips. 46. Yorum: The hotel is a solid 3, the hotel cannot claim the declared 5 stars, we were in this hotel for the third time, because the previous ones were excellent. The quality of service is 0/5, during the 10 days of stay the sheets were changed once, after two visits to the reception, from the first the hotel administration apparently could not transmit the information. Towels were changed several times, not as instructed. The floors were never washed properly, just used a dry cloth and all the cleaning was done, as well as the balcony. The air conditioners have apparently not been cleaned since the hotel opened and their placement in front of the bed is very questionable. The food in restaurants and bistros is not for everyone, on the third day you don't know what to take, it's good that there are vegetables. Meat in a restaurant goes through 7 circles of hell, first grilled, then the same pieces in sauce, and in the third stage there is goulash, stale pasta and bulgur rice. As in the show, a young lab assistant walked around and took food samples. Drinks are weak, especially beer diluted with water. And the most remarkable thing is the different glasses for Russians and foreigners, it's funny... No one has been expecting a Russian guest there for a long time. The smell at the pool bar is terrible, poor quality alcohol mixed with the toilets. People left on the beach because of which there is no place on the deckchairs for hotel visitors. We extended the room for $40, pretended to have renewed the card, but the next day we still had to run to the reception to renew it, a lot of unnecessary steps. Very strange and bland design of hotel spaces. Low evening entertainment, just for show. The advantages are the beach, proximity to shops, markets, places for walking, you can take a bus to Alanya, organize an excursion and see sights that are not on the tourist routes. Overall a great vacation, but for the price I wish there were fewer or no downsides. 47. Yorum: Good hotel for your money. The food is delicious, there is a choice of dishes, there is always a variety of fruits and desserts. The rooms are still in good condition. Cleaned daily (tip 50 lire). The linen… 48. Yorum: We went there two weeks ago. This is by no means a 5 star hotel. The meal consists mainly of chicken and turkey. The staff is never friendly. There are staff who say things like "You've gotten used to it" to the child who goes to buy drinks on the beach. Like some Turks who were leaving last night, we were dancing the halay when Murat from the entertainment team turned off the music. He also asked, as if jokingly, "Has the AA power supply been cut off?" There were Seval and Yağmur in the pool bar, and the housekeeper sister was both friendly and helpful. Other than that, don't expect a very good attitude. The food court terrace closes at 9:40 am. They turn off the lights so you can get up. There wasn't much entertainment, there was a mini club and a fire show, a snake was brought in, and there was a foam party and no other activities. They usually try to please foreigners. While we were eating, two friends stood up to us and said, “You can bring the sweet fruits to the room, we are closing this place.” The day before we left, we asked for a room with a sea view. Of course, we were told that our manager places great importance on our Turkish customers. We went into a room overlooking the building. 😀 We really enjoyed it. In hotels, suitcases are left in the room. Don't expect any attention from the reception you get here. The elevators are a disgrace, you have to queue for the elevator for hours. We asked for a prayer room, but there is none. The Russians leave their towels on the deckchairs early in the morning and when they come to reserve a place, there are no deckchairs to be found. There was no problem with the taste of the food, it was good, but if you like meat, this is for you. If you are not interested, it does not matter, you can leave, we will no longer have a choice. The swimming pools are insufficient. Probably because of the chlorination, we all became seriously ill after returning from vacation. The sea is rocky and not suitable for swimming anyway. 49. Yorum: I was worried after reading some of the reviews, but contrary to what was said, I was greeted with a friendly smile and they carried my luggage to my room. When you enter your room you are greeted with a spacious, clean and decorated feel. Our room was cleaned and the sheets and towels were changed every day during the holiday. They take care of us when we lack something. The food was already excellent, there was a lot of variety, from dessert to starters to main course. The waiters provide their services in all areas with a smile. Entertainment is provided every evening, there is additional entertainment during the day and a disco at night. They also organize a mini disco for children to keep them entertained. They also don't forget about birthdays, surprising them with specially decorated drinks and cakes. The sea is rocky, but as the hotel has a pier and a buffet, you can easily swim and enjoy hot and cold drinks. During the day, except during meal times, you can enjoy crepes at the Bistro or on the beach. Hammam spa available. We had a great holiday with pleasure. Thanks to the hotel team. 50. Yorum: In short, it is an establishment reserved only for foreigners. You can never get into the pool because it's too crowded. The hotel rooms are horrible. Private hospital rooms are more comfortable. When you take a shower, the toilet fills with water. There are ants in the rooms. It got into our clothes. The food is not bad. Sometimes there is no table to sit at. It is never clear who reserved 3 tables at the restaurant. Even though the head of the department, Mr. Ali says that such a practice exists here, I don't think he is aware of it either. The employees are very friendly. The housekeeping staff cleans the room every morning. The sea is terrible, the coastal part is full of rocks and stones. There are excessive waves. We forwarded all this to the hotel's complaints department. To please us, they offered us to eat at the restaurant à la carte. The service was excellent, the fish was poisoned. No matter how you choose it, you are being humiliated with your money. I looked at the comments before I left and said it's hard to please everyone. This hotel cares about the money it receives rather than customer satisfaction. I think you should stay home instead of going here. 51. Yorum: We stayed between July 10 and 15. It's a place where you're literally embarrassed about your money. The food is prepared with very poor quality ingredients and the same dishes are served every day. The taste of the food is bad. The presenters only communicate with foreigners and do not even look at the faces of Turks. There are no activities or entertainment in the hotel. All we do is swim in the pool and drink poor quality drinks by the pool. Even the ice creams had to be paid for. The pool was extremely dirty and we got an infection and ended up in hospital. Don't be fooled by the pictures of the beach as it is a public beach. We couldn't swim in the sea, there were only rocks and we were always cutting our feet. The furniture in the rooms was very old and neglected. All the TV channels were foreign channels, there were no Turkish channels. We had a reservation for the a la carte restaurant at 7:30pm. Even though we arrived on time, the food arrived 1 hour late. Moreover, even there they always took care of the tables of foreigners. Please do your research thoroughly and don't be fooled by good reviews. Don't waste your money. 52. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. Let's start with the entrance. The navigation is accurate and there are no problems. You park the car in the nearby parking lot and no one comes to help you carry the suitcases. The woman at the front desk was very friendly and helpful and told us we would complete the paperwork and have lunch before the deadline expired. The rooms, common areas and toilets were very clean. We didn't particularly want the towels to be changed daily. The food wasn't bad either. Every night there were varieties of red meat, fish and chicken and turkey. But the olive oil dishes, starters and desserts were mediocre. The crepes on the beach and the pizzas in the bistro are very good... The biggest problem is that the air conditioners are insufficient and they are turned off before the end of the meal, which makes no sense. 24 In the bistro, which is open at all hours, the air conditioners are turned off in the evening, so no one sits there in the evening. , everyone sits by the pool, but since it was very hot, we always sat in the lobby, which is the only cool place. The elevators are very old and the ventilation does not work. We have stayed there twice, but it continues when we. go to another floor. :) The staff was very friendly and child friendly. They greeted my son who was going to the other side of the bar and said, "Oh, where have you been? There is no entertainment in the evening, only." their own staff makes the children dance several times, always the same songs... The sea is pebbly and wavy, it is difficult to enter without sea shoes, it is even better The entrance from the pier. The hotel is across the road so you can reach the beach via an underpass, but it is very close so don't overestimate this. So the only difference with what it seems is the lack of air conditioning (and desserts), which is a very important criterion. 53. Yorum: I think we shouldn't be fooled by the negative comments here. You use the lot next to the hotel for parking. From the friends at the front desk to the friends in the restaurant, they are all polite and helpful. I would like to particularly thank Mrs. Meliha, who works in the food department, for all her interest. When it comes to food, most of the reviews here are written in a negative and misleading manner. On the contrary, there are food options. for all tastes, he who says he is hungry is lying. There are no limits to eating and drinking. But since there is a swimming pool, there is no need to go to the sea. In short, this is an excellent hotel in terms of price and performance… 54. Yorum: We went after reading the negative reviews and we were only going to stay one night anyway so we didn't pay much attention to it. As stated in the reviews, the majority are poor quality foreign tourists, the hotel is very busy and children cannot enter the pool, it is very difficult to find a place for the pool as the towels are placed first thing in the morning. The employees are well-intentioned, but most of them are probably from outside the industry and are picked left and right (for example, the restaurant employee casually eating something out of her hand and tending to customers). Apart from that, when you ask for raki in the hotel with all inclusive concept, what they give you is not raki, but anise liqueur, fruit juice, which is like wine. An unknown brand of wine that they probably bottled. with a little alcohol in it. Wi-Fi is chargeable throughout the hotel, safes in the rooms are chargeable. When we settled into the room, there was free water in the mini bar, probably used by the previous guest. As I mentioned at the beginning, we stayed for 1 night, it was very poor. For those who prefer it, I suggest you think carefully. 55. Yorum: On 05 10 2024 I stayed 4 days at the hotel, it was a total disaster, the hotel is a disaster, there is no parking, there is no valet, you queue for the elevators, the floors wait too long, the food is a disgrace, the chickens are not cooked, the dough is dirty, there is not even a toaster for breakfast, when you ask, they do not answer, the food is at 12:30, false, they collect 2. bad food, we didn't find anything to eat for lunch the first day, the rooms are not clean at all, the toilets are dirty, they charge you the money of 4 adults and give you tiny rooms, the sea is rocky, the pools are small, it's very little, in short, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, your money will be wasted, the drinks, the alcohol, the water they know 😡😡 56. Yorum: The first thing I would like to evaluate is the "work" of the Anex Tour guide, after refusing excursions, comrade Ilshad Mamedov immediately loses his mood and becomes aggressive with people, it seems to me that such a ... 57. Yorum: Hello, the hotel is a perfect value for money hotel. We hesitated seeing the bad reviews, but we extended our stay to 4 days after staying 2 days at the hotel. Are there any downsides, but to be honest it didn't bother us too much. There is Mrs. FİLİZ at the reception, we can never thank her enough. She was such an understanding, smiling and loving sister. Finally we even said goodbye to him and left. The employees were very good in every way. Happy holidays to all 58. Yorum: CHOOSE ANOTHER HOTEL. I lost my personal microfiber towel near the pool. The guest relations manager refused to help me find it himself or, by calling someone, suggested that I go through the pile of smelly clothes and fabrics in the so-called "luggage room" myself, which I refused to do. I asked for the comment log and asked the receptionist to call the manager or supervisor, which she refused to do, explaining that they don't do that. But he came himself. The front desk manager first asked me to speak quietly, claiming that I had shouted, which was not true. I was irritated, frustrated, and spoke louder than usual, but I can hardly call it yelling. Then he refused to continue communication, let alone resolve the issue. The result was “write whatever you want, here is my card.” I have never experienced such neglect of myself. This is a terrible service from management representatives, totally unacceptable and inappropriate. At the same time, I can say nothing less than a huge thank you to all the service people who ensure comfort and peace throughout the stay. The food is delicious, the housekeeping is good. The coffee tastes really good. The pool is clean. The animation is nice. The towel costs just a little, but it's horrible that your problem is only yours, when you pay money not to think about such problems at all. 59. Yorum: To start with the negative aspects, even popcorn and ice cream are chargeable (unacceptable for an ultra all-inclusive hotel). We met a friend whose child had eye problems in the pool. You have to be careful... the sea is rocky Do not swim without sea shoes, it can be dangerous (the sea is clear and warm)... the elevators. are inadequate and it is very difficult to breathe without ventilation. the flavors of the cakes are very insufficient... you can buy them at snack time Pizzas, pastas, etc. have a very weak taste and are insufficient... The animation team is very. weak and they only care about tourists. There are very few local tourists in the hotel. It is very difficult to find a place by the pool, even at 8am all the deckchairs are taken. The positive point is that it is easy to access the sea, our room was cleaned regularly, even though the sea was rocky it was clear and clean. Those who can swim can enjoy the sea by entering via the pier. 60. Yorum: After making the hotel reservation, I read the reviews and decided to cancel, but since it was late, it was postponed to the next day and we had to go. Luckily it wasn't cancelled and we went. It was cleaned daily for a week. We had no problems with parking. The food was very good and sufficient and you eat on the terrace with a wonderful view. The drinks were also very good and of high quality. We really enjoyed the pool. The Aqua pool was in the back and the water was colder than the other pool, so we didn't much prefer it. There were activities to entertain the children every evening. The elevators are busy during meal times etc. Maybe there is a solution to this, I would recommend it to everyone. 61. Yorum: We left the hotel today. They reserved one of the hotel tables because they were discriminating against customers, so we reacted and while we were talking to the chefs, a staff member intervened and insulted us. In other words, this is a hotel whose staff disrespects the customer by asking who you are. The official named Süleyman of Beşiktaş, who was asked to explain the situation, literally pushed us aside, without apology or embarrassment. He said he would take care of us without even looking at us with his phone in his hand and nothing came of it. The disrespectful staff continued their work with a smile on their face. All the staff had badges and their names were written on them. I think their boss gave advice and removed the badges from that staff member. I couldn't see his name. So if you want to be disrespected by the staff, you can go to this hotel. Also, the electricity was cut off every day at the hotel, and the water was cut off yesterday, and we were literally left foaming. When I tell them that they are supplying electricity to some rooms but not to others, they literally laugh at me and call it a general malfunction. We had to stay for hours in the heat of Alanya without air conditioning. They create pressure to turn off the air conditioners and lights and leave before dinner time is over. They put a phone in the room but the cable was not plugged in, I had trouble reaching it, I explained the situation, an agent came and lingered, taped the cable solid, did something then said there was no line and left, it's like a joke. I don't know what to say when the cleaning lady opens the door and bursts into the room at 8:30 in the morning. We opted for the 24 hour ultra all inclusive service, but alcohol service ends at 2:00pm. The staff helped the foreigners at the entrance and told us that the elevator is there, this is your room number, you can go there yourself. There are many other stupidities, but these are enough to avoid going there. We have been to many hotels and I have not written anything about any of them in case minor things happen, but here the lack of respect for the staff and the protection of the staff by the management was the ultimate point. Don't come here, don't feel sorry for yourself. 62. Yorum: I came to the hotel by accident and I will definitely come back next year. If I could, I would give it 10 stars. Starting with the food (there is a lot of it, it is fresh and delicious. The food is not only typically Turkish but also European, the quantities are impossible to overestimate, everyone will find something to their liking, even the most difficult). The service is not only that of the maids, the men working at the bar or in the lobby, everyone is extremely polite and helpful, the cleanliness of the hotel also deserves the highest rating, towels are changed daily and rubbish is removed. The cleanliness of the entire hotel deserves a medal. I highly recommend it❤️❤️❤️ 63. Yorum: From the first point of view, the hotel is quite correct, but it shows its other drawbacks day by day. Namely, we arrived at the hotel at 5 am, after filling everything out, we received information that we would have a room at 2 pm because there were no rooms available now, after 4 hours of waiting, the staff told us that if we wanted to get a room earlier, each hour of waiting would cost 10 euros less. This was the first time I noticed that internet in a hotel is subject to additional charges and that the internet does not work perfectly and is not available in some parts of the hotel. The rooms are quite average for a 5 star hotel, they are not at all airtight because you can hear the slightest noise from the corridor and the room above. You may sometimes find cockroaches or silverfish-like insects in rooms. One day there was no electricity in the rooms, and even though it was in the lobby, the lady explained that it was a problem throughout the city. As for the food, I have no comments, it was ok. Another downside to this hotel is the elevators: besides being stuffy, they go at will and sometimes you have to wait up to 10 minutes before they stop at a given floor. Compared to other hotels, the hotel has little entertainment, and if there is, it is very average. On the plus side, there is a great selection of drinks at the bar, although the best ones cost extra. By the pool, after 7 a.m., it's impossible to count on a deckchair. There are no lifeguards at the pool and the slides only work sometimes. There are a lot of Russians in the hotel, so the music is usually in that language and the service surrounds them terribly. In my opinion the hotel has pretty poor standards to sum up all these things. 64. Comment: Hotel is horrible. Many Russians, Poles, Ukrainians. Food is based on those kinds of people. Lots of noise, especially at night, people walking the hallways and banging and knocking on doors and … 65. Yorum: I don't know where to start. It is a very bad hotel in itself. Don't be fooled by the reviews, because the hosts go to strangers' homes, pick up their phones one by one and write comments. The entertainment is already crap, there were no shows until the last day, nothing except pool and darts during the day. The hosts don't even greet Turks, they are always dealing with foreigners. There are 3 slides in Agua, 2 of them were opened late, when they were supposed to be open at the times indicated. There is no security in the hotel. Foreigners enter the hotel. If you're talking about the beach, there was no one from the hotel, it was always from outside. The food was the same every day, we couldn't eat anything different, the swimming pools were dirty, I got an infection and was hospitalized. It's not worth the money you paid. On the last day, they didn't even want to give us water just because we were leaving, we took it by force. No interest, DON'T COME!!! 66. Yorum: I went on vacation with my family on August 23rd, I got sick the next day with vomiting and diarrhea and needed emergency care, they call and ambulance for me and my children, spend 3 days in the hospital, no one from the hotel calls to check on us to at least show that they care about their guest. When we returned to the hotel 3 days later, no one even asked how we were so disappointed with the management and staff. At least as a guest, they should be considerate and responsible for our safety while at the hotel. But overall I have no concerns about the services but I am not happy with their negligence. 67. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel after reading the reviews. I have a hard time understanding people who write bad reviews. Very nice and friendly staff greeted us at the entrance. Our room was cleaned daily and towels were changed. The cleanliness throughout the hotel is very good. The food and desserts are amazing, make sure to book a table and dine at the seafood restaurant. 68. Yorum: We went on vacation at the beginning of August. Nice three rubles. No more There is plenty of food, but nothing to eat. We ate in the children's block. The room was big but the bathroom was broken. there is no shower door, everything is flooded, the doors are swollen from the humidity Apparently there used to be a good hotel Everything else is fine 69. Yorum: I usually approach reviews with caution, everyone has different needs and expectations, but this time I decided to write my review, maybe I will save someone from choosing this hotel - we are a family traveling around the world, without excessive demands, but expecting good conditions for children and the beach. Transfer: 3h Beach: not for children, gravel, large slippery stones at the entrance, jetty with access to the water for adults. We took the bus to Cleopatra beach (the advantage is that there is a stop in front of the hotel and the bus goes directly to the beach) - Cleopatra beach is nice, but be careful with small children, it is too small and too deep Hotel: rooms ok, cleaned every day, towels changed, but no air conditioning in the corridors Food: poor, monotonous, in Turkey you can find a hotel with much better food Pool: ok, but not enough sunbeds, difficult to find a free place at 7am Slides: open from 11am to 12pm and from 2:30pm to 4pm Overall, the hotel does not deserve 3 stars, we regretted our choice 70. Yorum: I haven't seen such a bad hotel in a long time. Everything is very poor for an ultra all-inclusive concept. -The rooms are very bad, dark and poorly maintained. - The food is very bad. One night there was a turkey, but no one could eat it because of the bones they were cutting, I hope no one got hurt by the little kids. Also, you can't find a place to sit in the dining room. Ice cream is not given away, it is sold. - Some of the staff are nice, but be careful, there is a waitress who chases you around the dining room telling you to "finish, finish". - The quality of the clientele coming to the hotel is a disgrace. There were two different groups of horny men, harassing every foreign tourist. - There was a man who was not clear whether he was the boss or the manager, but there was a table reserved by the pool and he was always served with appropriate glasses. (You get upset when it's not given to you in a glass cup and you're constantly served by someone else.) - Only drinks service is offered on the sea side, and we also had a grumpy aunt who cooked and served ready-made pancakes. The sea was very dirty, anyway you can't swim from the beach because you can't walk because of the stone blocks that don't know if they are concrete or rock (you can't walk because you slip because of the. Only the ladies at the reception are very polite and do their job well. They try to help in everything. 71. Yorum: First of all, I would like to ask everyone who is considering a vacation at this hotel to read this. The choice is yours, of course, I don't like to comment on everything, but this is too much. all, if you have children, children's beds are very, very bad. My son was allergic to dust and dirt everywhere, I added the pictures, I wanted you to see, it's not hygienic at all, I have it too. I had an allergy. I had to leave my package holiday early, which was £1200 for 5 nights and 6 days and included everything. As for the swimming pool, it was empty. It is very very difficult to find a place. are very old. I felt compelled to write these lines because I don't want anyone to be disappointed. I was happy to come home from the hotel for the first time. Power outages, these breakdowns, cleaning the rooms are also an effort. If there is anyone who claims the opposite of what I said, they can contact me 👎 I didn't have much time to post this comment with photos, but I can send a message. photo to anyone who wants it. This sucks. 72. Yorum: I had a wonderful holiday, thank you Senza Grande Santana, everything was great, including the animation events, dancing, delicious food and drinks. There is nothing to go into detail and evaluate negatively, the rooms are clean every day, above all. , what did my daughter look like on the bed today? He wondered if it would be done, and he was very happy when he saw the form. The food was excellent, the pools were beautiful, especially the indoor pool was amazing. The bottom of the pool is cleaned at night, only unconscious people come from the beach with sand and pour it into the pool, it is the fault of the customers. I would like to thank the entertainment team, the bar staff and everyone. 73. Yorum: Not recommended!! The hotel is old and worn out, the all inclusive here is miserable! The staff are grumpy and uninterested in helping/talking, you feel like you're a nuisance from the moment you arrive. The elevators are small, you … 74. Yorum: AVOID THIS HOTEL. I would never recommend it to anyone. I wouldn't even stay for free. I can only say thank you to the DJ and Spa team. and some of the staff, who were kind. At the reception there was 1…75. Yorum: I went to the hotel with fear after looking at the reviews they kind of buried the hotel, the comments have their merit, but it's not that bad. Yes, the hotel has poor ventilation, the pool is small and the sea is bad. If we had to evaluate everything in terms of price and performance in these economic conditions, we would have a hotel with a score of 6 out of 10. The hotel needs to be renovated at the end of the season, first of all, the ventilation needs to be strengthened, the hotel doors need to be urgently renewed, the variety of food needs to be increased and the swimming pool needs to be enlarged. 76. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights and 7 days. Overall we are very satisfied. The missing point could have been the transport service to the airport, because Antalya airport is quite far away and a taxi costs about 4.5 thousand. The facilities, pool, sea, beach and staff were very attentive, the food was extremely good and enjoyable, the bistro section was very attentive to customers, Mr. Hüseyin and other friends whose names I don't know were also very attentive, I thank them all. 77. Yorum: This was my first stay in Turkey, although personally I think it is one of the weakest hotels I have stayed in, but I am speaking generally here, this is my first visit to this country, so it is difficult for me to compare it. in another hotel here my room was quite big but it was very dark in there, the balcony door is broken (broken glass), the bathroom door too, the room door is not very tight so you can hear a lot of noise from the lobby, the elevators work terribly, they stop practically on every floor and catch people no matter if they go down or up, paid internet in the hotel, ok but monotonous food, large choice of drinks but the plastic glasses they come with are already "used" and it doesn't look amazing, the worst thing is the smell at the pool bar, I don't know if it's just me it was offensive but it smelled like a "toilet" 😀 paid wifi - although this information is included in the hotel offer, purchased internet works fine Pros Nice and big pool, tasty food at the bar next to the pool - outside the main restaurant, access to bottled water, the hotel has its own beach access + pier, lots of shops around, cool attractions in the evening, air conditioning in the room Overall the stay was nice, but the hotel was definitely not 5 star ;) 78. Yorum: On July 15, 2024, my 10-year-old child was brutally assaulted while playing water polo by one of the guests, a man weighing approximately 120 kg. The man attacked my son, wanting to beat him, and hit my child's chest violently with his elbows. Only the husband's rapid intervention prevented a major tragedy from occurring. After the incident, the host who was running the game ran away without reacting. The matter was reported to Tui, unfortunately Tui is doing everything to sweep the matter under the carpet. I would like to point out that the hotel manager did nothing to remedy and protect my child's health and life from the aggressor, nor did he contact us for clarification. And my child's abuser could feel completely unpunished. In Türkiye, a Polish child was treated like a subhuman, a second-class child. If such an attack had happened to a Russian or a Turk, I think the reaction of the hotel authorities and Tui would be quick and effective. For the health, life and safety of the children, I will not recommend this place to anyone. The case has been transferred to the courts. 79. Yorum: The fact that the hotel does not have parking is a serious problem. Although it is currently the use of adjacent land under dust and sun, an even more serious crisis will occur in the future when these lands are under construction. We wanted a family room. Even though it was a separate room, it didn't have a door or anything, and our family didn't leave us, so we truly became a family. If we were at home, we wouldn't be able to get along as much... As the bathroom drain is clogged, the toilet is also filled with water. The toilet door was already about to break due to the humidity. From what I have observed, the hotel's public areas are not sufficient to accommodate guests working at full capacity. The restaurant is big, but we have the problem of not being too close to the food. On the other hand, it is almost impossible to find a place by the pool due to the problem of finding sun loungers in the morning in many hotels in Antalya. It is true that there is a water park in the hotel, but everything is cramped. The hotel space seems narrow. The staff is considered friendly. The cleaning ladies were a little gloomy. The a la carte bistro makes you feel a little special, so don't expect too much from the food. As a tea drinker, I can't say that I drink very delicious tea. When we went to the hotel we decided to swim in the sea on the first day. When I saw the pier, I liked it and jumped into the sea from the pier. I said I would swim to our little girl on shore. I, who have been swimming for 40 years and who think about my beautiful ring, this was the first time that I was in danger of drowning. As I didn't know the bottom was rocky, my foot was injured by the waves exceeding my height as I swam to shore. After shedding a lot of blood on the pier, I continued my vacation. I thought I would at least swim in the pool, even if it was dirty, but last night my feet were like drums. We left the hotel and I drove for hours moaning. When I went to the hospital, I learned that my finger was cracked. I'm currently waiting for him to heal with a splint. Thank you without big santana.... 80. Yorum: The location of the hotel on Google Maps is wrong, we had to search a lot. When we arrived, they delivered the room 2 hours late. The receptionists and staff in general are quite rude. The hotel says it's ultra all inclusive, but it's not like that at all. Anyway, there are no bottled drinks and the only local drinks are beer and simple wine in plastic glasses. It is impossible to find cold water. There is always hot water in the cupboards. It is not possible to find a deckchair after 8am. The same goes for finding an empty table in the cafeteria. You have to monitor the people who will clear the table with food in hand, find an agent and have it cleaned. The hotel does not have a parking lot or even a place to stand in front of it. Even the wifi is chargeable. The Turkish bath is free, but while you are taking a bath they can tell you that there is an appointment for a massage and get out of here. Public sea beach. As this is the only pier, there are a lot of people on the pier who are not hotel guests. For this reason, it is difficult to enter and exit the sea. It is common for people outside the hotel to disturb tourists. We didn't even bring our phones to the beach because we considered it a dangerous environment. I never left my family alone for a single moment. The sea is beautiful, there are no waves except the playful waves on the shore. The views were very beautiful. The food was good overall. 81. Yorum: We had a family vacation at the Hotel ze Senza Grand Santana from 08/12/24 to 08/18/1124. We really liked it. But as with all hotels, there were pros and cons. |Let's start with the most:|Well... 82. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel with my friends for 4 days. The rooms were cleaned regularly every day and were comfortable. However, sometimes there is a very bad smell upstairs where the bedrooms are, I don't know why. As for the food, we did not like it, yes there is a lot of variety, but there are serious problems in terms of taste. The a la carte restaurant was nice. We would like to thank Mr. Hüseyin for his interest. As for alcohol, beer is not bad, but let's say you want to drink tequila, tequila is actually tequila flavored with vodka, many alcohols are actually flavored with vodka does not fit the ultra all inclusive concept at all. The bistro is not bad, again, don't expect extreme quality. I can say this about the spa: the staff is extremely grumpy and the hotel management should do something about it. There are stones at the entrance to the sea and they can damage your feet, so be careful if you come. The best thing about this hotel is that the animators are fun and polite and always have something going on. Many people who work are friendly and polite. The hotel is full of Russians, they are very noisy and rude. 83. Yorum: Hello, I don't know where to start. This is supposed to be an ultra all-inclusive hotel. The hotel doesn't even have parking. You take your car and park it in an empty parking lot. You come to the hotel, you check in at the lobby, then they send you a message saying "let's go to the room", to my knowledge you are given a bellboy, you are taken to the room, shown the room and delivered. Let's talk about another problem: Every night after dinner by the pool, 3 tables are reserved, 1 table is written as reserved, drinks are poured into 2 of them, no one is seated, the boss comes to one of them, sits down, lights a cigar and seats whoever he wants at the other two tables. The employees were warned and anyone sitting down was evicted. The poolside bar smells really bad. The hotel food is ok, Desserts are ok, Room cleaning is done if you wish. The animation is very bad, The sea is very rocky and wavy, non-swimmers cannot enter it. The beach bar is very poor, The hotel is never part of the ULTRA HERSEY perimeter. So, DISAPPOINTMENT, what a shame for dreams. 84. Yorum: We are currently staying here. The sea is rocky and can be reached by jumping from the wavy pier. The pool is nice and not too crowded. But to find a deckchair, you have to get up at 5am and reserve a place. The day we entered the hotel, we did not find any deckchairs. The food is not bad, there is no red meat, there is plenty of chicken and turkey. Breakfast is varied, alcohol is bad except cocktails, you won't like raki, beer or wine. It's an average hotel, but it's not a 5 star or ultra all inclusive hotel. If you're hungry in the evening, there's only soup. Although alcohol is available 24 hours a day, very little variety is served in the evening. 85. Yorum: As a family, we made a reservation for 10 days, misled by the photos and good comments. We arrived at the hotel very early as we were coming from out of town. It's a good thing that happened. First of all, there is no parking at the hotel. We couldn't even stop our car in front of the hotel for five minutes to unload our luggage. The hotel is located in a very bad location. Then, as we entered the hotel with difficulty, we met a receptionist who looked at us: why did you come? Luckily, he then showed us a place to drink coffee and rest. We thus had the opportunity to visit the hotel. The hotel was very different from the pictures. The pier was very small. The pool and hotel seemed very small compared to the size of the hotel. I'm sure it would be very difficult to find a place to swim here. People have already mentioned in other comments that it is difficult to find a spot. We decided to have a coffee and rest. The coffee was sour and tasted strange. Then when we went back to reception they pointed us to breakfast. Unfortunately, we didn't find anything to eat for breakfast. We decided to buy a boiled egg, but it was such an old egg that the white remained in our hands like soap. Yellow is already black. We left immediately. We booked this hotel through Tatilbudur. We immediately wrote our complaints and said that we could not stay here. We left the hotel. By the way, we had the opportunity to see the rooms. Unfortunately, the rooms are not very small. Everywhere, too, there was a smell of onions and eggs. 86. Yorum: We visited it at the end of June 2024, I liked the department for its location, it was big, the swimming pools were good, BUT there were practically no services. Disgusting communication from Anex representative at the hotel, he is just rude. God forbid you buy them a "store tour" they'll shit on you from head to toe. And this is how he communicated not only with us; he of course spoiled the impression. But overall the hotel is not bad, 4* justifies it. 87. Yorum: The location of the hotel is in a very good place. You can reach the sea through a tunnel. The camellia on the sea in the evening is beautiful. It's blowing so well that no one is there. As for the rooms, they are ideal. The air conditioning in our room was opposite the bed, so it was just a small problem for me as I was extremely sick. Otherwise, the bedroom, bathroom, wardrobe, TV and balcony are ideal. Let's move on to food. The food was also great. There were also varieties of vegetables, meat and chicken. Honestly, compared to other hotels, there wasn't as much greasy fried food. Red meat dishes were offered every day. The desserts were also very good. There weren't many artificial rubber desserts. There were even homemade desserts like pumpkin dessert. Melons and watermelons were abundant. The food is quite sufficient for children and adults. There are coffee machines and juice machines in literally every part of the hotel which was nice. In the evening there was entertainment for the children and they had a great time. It was usually done by one person, not many people, but the children were very happy. Then there was live music and shows. The cocktail varieties were also quite sufficient. They just said they couldn't make it multi-colored etc. There were 4 or 5 types of classic cocktails, non-alcoholic. There was also a lot of alcohol. We were disappointed with the dinner. So there is already food, etc. all day. You won't be hungry in the evening, but there are only 2 types of soups available in the evening for those who want to eat. But like I said, there's unlimited food all day anyway. I was just surprised that it was just soup. But that was enough for us. Overall it offers a very nice view. It's not a mixed hotel at all, one is here and the other is not there. Very comfortable. Oh, I just forgot, we had another problem: a power outage :( I don't know why it happened, but the power went out several times. We went there with my wife and we had no problems. Of course, this is not something that will always happen, maybe there was a problem, it will definitely be solved if I have to continue to summarize, yes The location of the hotel is good, the food is good, the drinks are good, there. It's entertainment for adults and children. It was a great vacation for us. If you want a hotel that is not very big but luxurious but still has good conditions, I would definitely recommend it. 88. Yorum: The service is very nice. The food is very good. The rooms are clean. The staff is fantastic, people are very kind and caring. Especially Mehmet and Ali, who had a very special attitude towards the customers and were very kind. Such good service I have not seen anywhere else. If you come here, you will feel at home: I recommend it. If you come here, you won't regret it. I had a very nice holiday here. Thank you SENZA Grand Hotel and all the people who work here. 🤗❤️ 89. Yorum: I do not recommend this hotel to anyone!!!! On the positive side, only the sea and that's it (((( Zero service The cleaning of the room is not good, to change the towel you still have to ask, and they will wait for the money to be given 🫰 When checking in to the hotel, if you arrive before 2:00 p.m. you will not be checked in, but if you want it earlier it costs 25 euros 💶 And if you want a sea view 60 euros The plates are dirty, the breakfast is very weak We had to leave the hotel at 4:00 p.m., check out of the room at 12:00 p.m., the bracelets were cut and you are no longer allowed to go to eat at lunch, but not everyone was cut off, there were people nearby a company of 5 people who were leaving the hotel just like that and we did not cut their bracelets either, and they went to lunch In short, I do not recommend it It is better to pay too much and go to a proven hotel And there they will only try to take money for everything 🫰 The internet is also paid, but it was indicated 3 euros per day There are still many things to pay attention to ‼️ 90. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel with my wife this week. Overall, the hotel fully met our expectations. I can say that it is a totally performance hotel in terms of price. Above all, the employees were very... 91 people. Yorum: First of all, we had a very good holiday. The small size of the hotel area caused a lot of problems in terms of controlling our children and accessing entertainment. We would also like to thank Mr. Ramazan from Bristro Bar for making us wonderful drinks in the evenings throughout our holiday. I would also like to thank the staff for their kindness. We had a lot of fun, it was nice.. 92. Yorum: This is my sixth time here, I come twice a year, this is my home now, the employees, the food, the service, the entertainment, they all do their job well. Don't be fooled by looking at the comments, it's... 93. Yorum: I stayed in July. Access to the hotel was easy. The first impression is that the employees working at the reception are sullen and very slow. The lobby is always clean and spacious. There were too many Russians, Kyrgyz and Russian-speaking Kazakhs in the hotel and this disturbed other guests. They were always causing trouble at the pool, the sea and the bar. The Russians insult the Turks and the employees, and the management doesn't care. The employees I spoke to are fed up with the Russians. The food and bistro were very good. The rooms are old but adequate. The shower area is open and not closed. In general, I recommend the hotel during the season when there are no Russians. 94. Yorum: Hotel staff, very helpful and polite everywhere. Very good food, great choice, excellent snack bar, additional grill in the main restaurant, great drinks and beach bar. Rooms ok, cleaned every day. Minus the huge problem with the free sunbeds by the pool. Nobody watches it, from 6am the sun loungers are occupied by towels, and after 7am there are no more free sun loungers. Once the staff removed the towels at 7am, I don't know why, because the next day no one paid attention to the towels on the deckchairs. For the first time we were faced with a situation where the number of sunbeds was perhaps 25% compared to the hotel guests. However, the sun loungers on the beach are more available. The area is also nice, just behind the hotel there are shops, bars and very good prices for souvenirs. A hotel to recommend. 95. Comment: 19 . We went to the hotel as two families between July 24, 2024. First of all, I would like to thank Mrs. Meliha, who was serving breakfast, and Mrs. Pınar, who was serving dinner. attentive, but they looked very unhappy. The upstairs dining room looks flat because of the curtains. The air conditioning is insufficient. The outside of the dining room is sunny and there are no tents. The elevator is small and there are a lot of people going up to the dining room. There was no open buffet by the pool. There was an open buffet upstairs above the pool, provided you ate there. The sea is pebbly. The entertainment shows were lacking I guess they didn't know the hotel had just been awarded 5 stars, thanks. 96. Yorum: The hotel corresponds to its price category. The entrance to the sea is not very convenient; there are not many sun loungers on the beach either. Rooms are cleaned daily. Every nuance in the room - a burned-out light bulb, a malfunctioning refrigerator - was resolved without a doubt within half an hour. The hotel is well located, close to Migros, Waikiki and local markets on Saturdays and Tuesdays. The food was unpretentious, but we didn't go hungry. It's a shame that my favorite Turkish ayran isn't there. The animation is discreet. In the basement there is a hammam, sauna and massages. The smell is indescribably magical, the girl Gulya is very intelligent, she told and showed everything, always with a smile!!! Everything is clear at the reception, they will always help and answer. Not everyone speaks Russian; there is no problem with English. A separate topic concerns elevators. Slow-witted, living their own lives on principle and slowly. Our button to the 4th floor was difficult to press. You can exchange rubles for lira without any problems at the hotel - with a guide or in stores. Including translation. The hotel is located far from the airport, in order to catch the morning flight from Moscow before dark (at 7:45), we ordered an individual transfer through the VK hotel group and arrived around 16:00. A group transfer takes approximately 4 hours. 97. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel from July 30th to July 30th. until 09/08/2024 a group of friends. I liked everything - rooms with sea view, a restaurant on the 7th floor with varied cuisine, animation, a hammam. The … 98. Yorum: Maybe we'll start with the positives. The first 5 days were really great... Great atmosphere, delicious food, great entertainers, smiling and helpful staff. Delicious wraps and pizzas at the pool restaurant. Mushroom soup deserves a lot of applause. As for the children, there is wonderful evening entertainment, lots of fun and dancing. Even picky eaters will find something to please them. And that was what we feared most. There are no sunbeds available at the pool at 9am, so it's worth going down earlier and getting a seat... Sand and pebble beach. It is worth having shoes for the beach and swimming. The last two nights have been a complete nightmare. 2 cockroaches in the room ruined the whole atmosphere, it might not have been a big deal if it wasn't for the fact that after reporting it to the reception and asking for the room to be disinfected, no one did anything. My husband had to ask for cleaning a second time. Last night was no better. There was no sleep because there were annoying crickets serenading the room all night. My husband finally went to reception on the 2nd night and asked to change rooms because we really couldn't sleep. He was informed that this was not possible, when the hotel has animals in the walls and rooms, it is normal, they can't do anything about it. Another important feature is that the hotel is crowded with Russian tourists. There are really a lot of them and they are not really uneducated and they make the staff feel like they are jumping around like French dogs. Another difficulty is the inability to use the infrastructure after leaving the room. You must vacate your room before 12:00, after which time you will no longer be able to use the swimming pool, restaurant, etc. Even though we were informed earlier that you could. If I had known I would have to wait 4 hours in the hallway with children who constantly complain about being hungry. I would not choose this hotel. 99. Yorum: The glasses wearing consultant who greeted us when we entered the hotel, from the security to the caring lady at the reception, especially the polite lady who is older, all the staff on duty are really caring and polite. The rooms are very nice. I was very pleased with the location of the hotel and the room. The food is very good, but we always expect better, the person who makes breakfast with two eggs at home. There is everything in the open buffet breakfast, you are looking for trouble. anyway, the ability of the people is certain, if you are not problem-oriented, the food is also very good, we went with three children, having a family room is a special beauty, you do not find this privilege in all hotels, three children are free and the clientele is usually families with children, it would be nicer if the activities and entertainment were more professional and diversified I hope to return next year. 100. Yorum: I don't know where these bad reviews about this hotel come from. The hotel is beautiful, nice clean rooms are cleaned every day, very large choice of food, only near this hotel the beach is free of stones. The room has a sea view. The only downside is that the deckchairs by the pool are occupied from the morning. And these heresies about this hotel must have turned heads. 101. Yorum: I want to share my impressions about the rest of this hotel, and the first thing I want to say is that the hotel is NOT worth the money I paid, it positions itself as 5*, but in fact it is a maximum of 3. And now in order. We arrived at 7am, check in starts at 2pm, if you want to check in earlier you have to pay 10 EE for every hour before check in, but the hotel manager made a "discount" and checked us into our room for 30 EE. The room is very small, there is no aesthetic pleasure, the air conditioner is located in such a way that if you turn it on, it will blow in your face, and without an air conditioner this is the case. impossible at all, because it is very hot. Now I am being treated after that. The hotel territory is generally very small, there is little greenery. There is a swimming pool and slides. There is a catastrophic shortage of sun loungers by the pool, people have to get up at 6am to get sun loungers, and it is very inconvenient to get up at such an hour on holiday. The slides are lit at certain times. Access to the sea is via a tunnel, fortunately there was enough space for everyone on the beach. Hotel guests and local residents come to the beach, so take care of your belongings. The food is very monotonous and not always fresh and tasty. Lots of pasta, rice, potatoes, chicken, fish served: trout, salmon, sea bream. It was either burnt or raw. The starters were spoiled and the cheeses were tainted. Desserts are also not very tasty, baklava was served only once during the entire holiday. The fruits were very often spoiled, sometimes rotten, sometimes bruised. I also saw people eating shrimp, but we never had any, even though we always came to dinner on time. The alcoholic beverages are local and of very poor quality. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone! 102. Yorum: The wardrobes and bed in the bedrooms were very old, the middle of the bed had collapsed. When we first entered the hotel there was no friendly reception, they were all grumpy, we had to carry our luggage to our room ourselves. In the rooms; The bed and the air conditioning are facing each other, I think they were arranged so that guests would get sick. The food was average. There is a tunnel used to go from the hotel to the sea, the tunnel smells of urine. The deckchairs around the hotel pool fill up at 5am, impossible to find a deckchair. 103. Yorum: Unfortunately, the travel agency claims that it is a 5* hotel, but this is by no means the case, it deserves 3 stars at most. The hotel staff was not friendly, only a few people managed to smile at work. No WiFi, not enough sunbeds by the pool and on the beach, music too loud at the pool, no bottled water in the rooms, ultra all inclusive food tastes terrible. Remind guests of their clothes, sand on their flip flops, etc. in a very insistent and hostile manner. The hotel is approximately 40 minutes from the center of Alanya by car. Definitely the worst place I've ever been. A pebble beach with a rocky bottom is important when planning a vacation with children. The rooms are small and non-functional, the bathroom is devastated. I definitely don't recommend 104. Yorum: I don't know if it was peak holiday season, but the hotel was very busy during the 4 nights we stayed at the hotel. You may have to reach every place in the hotel by elevator, which creates problems. It was very difficult to find a free seat in the restaurant. The taste of the food was good and the flavors appealed to everyone. The pools were quite adequate and large. I can't say the same about the deckchairs, you won't find any deckchairs after 8pm. If you are someone who doesn't drink alcohol, my biggest criticism is that there is no ayran at this hotel. You have to settle for cola, fanta, soda and soda. If you want a non-alcoholic cocktail, they show you children. drinks and insists that this is part of it. What I really need to focus on is the security issue in the Aquapark! People are slipping, but there are no lifeguards watching them. Because at that time he was sliding and spraying people in the Aquapark... We were disturbed by the shape of the strap and looking sideways we realized he was working as a lifeguard, not a guest, and he stepped aside and put on his uniform. My child's bagel came out because he fell upside down, he would have drowned if I hadn't been there, but be careful, don't leave your children unattended. I call here the hotel management, pay attention to this section of the water park, which operates 2.5 and 3 hours a day, and place people who do their job properly. Or will you take precautions only after a bad result gives you a headache? For information…thanks 105. Yorum: The hotel does not correspond to a 5 star. There are only two sockets in the room for 4 people, they don't give you a second key, it's not even possible to charge the gadgets. The room was dark, the lamp was … 106. Yorum: We stayed between July 8 and 13. If we didn't realize it. A place that is never worth that much money. If you are planning to go there. Just read this article and walk away, it will be a waste of your money. Most of what is written here is false. I came here misled by the comments. First of all, this hotel is predominantly Turkish, but there is absolutely no interest for Turks. In other hotels, the entertainers run after the Turks, but here they follow the foreigners and don't even greet the Turks. 2. In terms of safety, the public beach is zero sea, it is not accessible because of the stones on the shore, you always cut your feet. There are people outside the hotel on the pier who they say belong to the hotel. It is said that it is forbidden to enter, but that everyone is a foreigner. Security doesn't say anything to people coming from outside, they sit on the deckchairs. Anyway, you can't walk on the sand, there is no sand, even if there are small stones everywhere, you sink your feet into it. 3. The water park hours are unclear and never follow opening times. When they feel happy, they turn on the aqua. And only 2 of the 3 slides work. 4. Because animation is the most important thing that should be in a hotel. There are people here who look like animators, they are useless. There has been no evening entertainment since the day we arrived. Foam parties are held during the day, but since they couldn't do any entertainment, they had a foam party in the evening and only the kids played. 5. Since there was no entertainment show and it was very hot in the evening, the only thing we did was go to the lobby after dinner and sit there because the hotel is extremely boring and disgusting. As for room 6, the furniture is already very old. The room smelled of sewage. The air conditioner was broken. The balcony door was broken. We called someone every day for a malfunction. One day our room door was broken and we couldn't get into the room. 7. There was a snack bar, I think it was open between 12 and 4 p.m. It was the most beautiful place. It's the only place where you feel special. They bring a menu and prepare the service. This is the only nice place in the hotel. 8. There is only one bar in the hotel and it is so crowded that the line looks like a line for a pita. People don't drink anything to avoid waiting. 9. Their food is the same every day. They add the potatoes that they prepare in the morning and evening. Anyway, there is no meat, the turkey and chicken are cooked. Don't expect anything wow when eating. 10. The pools seem to be cleaned every night, but the bottom is always full of sand and stones. If you want a sun lounger by the pool, you have to get up at 6am and put down a towel, otherwise you will be left without a sun lounger. 11. They cut off the bracelets when leaving the hotel. After cutting it, we decided to go get some water. We stopped at the cafe in the lobby to get some water and I asked if we could have some more. "We give one per person," he said. I said I bought 4 bottles of water yesterday and it didn't exist. They wouldn't even give us water as we were leaving the hotel. And the time to check out of our hotel had not yet arrived, it was only 10 o'clock. These came to my mind right away, but you will already understand what we need to understand from them. If you don't want to waste your money, don't come here. I'm sure you won't be satisfied. Put in $3-5 more on top of what you pay here and go somewhere else. This place is, in a word, a disgrace. 107. Yorum: I was at the hotel in June 2024, from 3pm to 11:06am, room 1443. I have experience in traveling, in Türkiye and in general. I would like to tell you about my objective impressions of the holiday and the hotel. I chose this hotel because of the large number of positive reviews and information that the catering service was operating in winter 2024. I don't know how it was before, but now everything is at a very good level. Nice hotel and lobby, small but well maintained area, great location for cafes/restaurants/shops. Food: solid 4 out of 5, grilled meats, calamari, red fish steaks, white fish, starters, vegetables and fruits (watermelon, melon, ripe grapefruit, and the usual: apples, oranges, bananas), delicious sausages and cheeses for breakfast, many national dishes. I didn't like the cakes very much, but they were edible. Ultra inclusive, we didn't try much (flatbread for lunch on the beach, snacks in a bistro, night restaurant - my friend and I don't eat much). Alcohol is available everywhere in bars, it's like everywhere else - strong and of the same type, beer is normal, we drank cola and soda. Fresh fruit juices and hookah are available for a fee near the pool. Bottled water is free, take as much as you need at any bar. The only thing that didn't work was the coffee, it had a strange taste, like chicory. That's why we used to go to a Turkish cafe once a day to drink. The price includes 1 free entry to an a la carte restaurant, we didn't like it (no details, just that the food in a regular restaurant was tastier). Territory and beach: 2 swimming pools of different depths, heated, deckchairs are delivered permanently, music all day long. There is a tunnel across the road to access the hotel beach (there are plenty of sunbeds under a canopy, and there is also a jetty with sunbeds and umbrellas). The hotel has paid internet: one day is worth one dollar, but for Ukrainians roaming is free, so there was mobile internet everywhere. Leisure: The animation worked, but we are for passive recreation, so we did not participate. That's why we went to get a massage at the hotel spa. We liked it very much: a 1.5-hour massage complex cost $35, a foot massage cost $15, a body massage cost $25. We had a massage from a Balinese girl, just great. Also, the super nice administrator Gulya, she gave great advice on spa services and gave discounts. Force majeure: I don't know how it happened, but my shower hose accidentally fell and the shower head broke. I immediately turned to the administrator of the Madina Hotel (her office was opposite the reception), I was afraid of how much money they would take from me, I understood that it was my fault, I should compensate, but I thought that they would just "go for a walk with all the money", I was so surprised and happy when she said that everything would be replaced for free and not to worry! This rarely happens. Of course, I'm not encouraging numbers crunching, but I was nervous about it and it worked out well for me. Thanks to the administration! Small things: if you exit the main entrance and turn left, then at the intersection turn left again - a delicious Turkish restaurant. On a street parallel to the hotel (the hotel's backyard and beyond) there are many shops, a supermarket, cafes, pastry shops with baklava and hookah bars, the prices are good, we liked it. This is probably the first hotel I will return to without hesitation. Thank you, it was a great holiday at your hotel) 108. Yorum: So place to relax. The most memorable disadvantages are: - there were a large number of ants in the room that were not eliminated in any way - terribly rude service at the reception (especially a Russian-speaking blonde woman who will move you to the worst room if you refuse to pay extra for something unfamiliar or refuse to combine two rooms into one - they transferred you only after we yelled at them ) - the air conditioner in the room blows on the bed, because of this we caught a cold - the entrance to the sea is very inconvenient (big waves and smooth patches) - terrible alcohol, you can't even drink it for free - monotonous food, alternating every other day. - poolside loungers can only be reserved at 5am. All guests occupy them with their own towels and the hotel staff doesn't care. - lack of free wifi even in the hotel lobby I would also like to mention the rude hotel staff - they will ignore you even if you stand right in front of them and say something to them. But the spa was wonderful - very clean and friendly staff. I paid 15 euros for a 30-minute massage - it was the only bright memory of this terrible holiday. 109. Yorum: We were at the hotel in early July and at first we really liked the exterior and interior of the hotel, but after that we were transferred to rooms… When we entered the room, the first thing we noticed was an unpleasant smell, and we attributed it to the fact that this smell may have come from the previous residents. We were accommodated on the first floor with a beautiful view of the construction site :). Okay, and then we decided that everything was not so bad, because we came to the hotel just to sleep and eat, but then we saw that cockroaches of different shapes and sizes were crawling in the rooms and in the corridor on the 1st floor. This was already the straw that broke the camel's back + the eternal smell of sewage from the bathroom, the cleaning seemed to be in progress, but nothing seemed to change, only the dirt was spread in the corners, the trash was not taken out for about 3 days. At the reception they said that the smell problem would be solved and we would have to pay an additional 6,000 rubles to change rooms. The room itself is clearly not the freshest, but it will do for the price, the cleaning is poor, there is a coating on the bathroom countertop, there are stains on the mirrors. A very big drawback for me personally is the paid Wi-Fi, it is expensive here and only connects to 1 device. The pluses: varied dishes, hammam, friendly staff, great entertainment staff, the sea is just a stone's throw away. 110. Yorum: I went there with my family for 5 days on August 15. The rooms and the pool were cleaned daily. The staff were smiling and polite and asked if we had any requests every time they saw us. We had a great time with my children in the pool and water park. The food was very varied, with some minor flaws, but it was very tasty. 111. Yorum: As for my review, I give it 9/10 and let me tell you, I was terrified when we bought the holiday and it was a few days before departure and I started reading reviews, mostly negative... I don't know if the people who wrote it were actually in that hotel, I don't think so... the hotel is beautiful, right next to the beach, literally from the pool through a tunnel. You go out to the beach. The only downside is. access to the sea, but you can go from the hotel to Cleopatra beach, the most beautiful beach in Türkiye, which I highly recommend... and along the way some beautiful views... you can admire the sea from the restaurant, delicious food, very large choice, very friendly service... I highly recommend it and advise against reading the negative reviews 112. Yorum: I come almost every year. This is a hotel I am happy with, normally the rooms are good, but this year they gave me a room that looked like a chicken coop. I was a little sad about this situation. Other than that, everything else was good. Especially the animation, number 10, 5 stars. They are firecrackers, full of energy. They strive to make you happy from morning to night. There is constant activity. Just buy a volleyball for these kids, I was the last one to buy it, it was bought today. 113. Yorum: I came to this hotel for the first time. I liked it a lot, the staff and the food are very good. Mrs. Medine, the Guest Relations Manager, is a very friendly, soft-spoken woman who helps in any way she can. The fish restaurant is amazing. We expect to return 114. Yorum: The hotel where even one star is too much. Inspired by the reviews, we stayed 4 nights at the hotel as a group of 5 people. I don't understand why the service has received such good reviews. First of all, the food is never edible, every dish tastes like fish, the employees are unable to give us a fork, we stayed hungry for 4 days, thank God there is a Burger King on the back street of the hotel, we were full of them, I don't understand how even the fries can be stale, unless the desserts are eaten, they put the same ones the next day, the employees' faces are like foreigners As they don't understand Turkish, they say. many words. (Also, hair was coming out of my food.) The staff was not informed and took us to the room the day we checked into the hotel. There was a disgusting sewer smell in the room. When we asked, they said "it might happen after cleaning." , open the window to air it out'. Are you kidding me??! The mini bar is of brands that I have never seen before, there is 1 coke, 1 fanta and 1 soda. You can't drink it, you can't drink it, there is no renewal for 4 days, it is only given once. , it's ultra all inclusive in the room where we arrived. Also the cocktails made at the pool bar are nothing like beer they are watery the employees there say there is no ice and send them back they say it will be here in a few hours and off they go again they say there is still no ice did you reduce the ice in the June heat? We bought a coke at the bar by the sea. It is machine-dispensed, by the way, it smells musty. Is there no inspection here? By the way, you can also get water from the dispenser :))) We came here to relax, this is a place we will never come back to, I do not recommend you to come because you do not want to be hungry or avoid being shy with the staff. 115. Yorum: IMPORTANT READING IF YOU GO TO THIS HOTEL!! 1) check-in is actually at 2:00 p.m., the tour operator warns about this in advance and for me it is not critical. As we arrived at 10 a.m., we were immediately given bracelets, we went to eat and the room was given around 12:30 p.m., apparently a room was freed up. If you have not been notified in advance, ask your questions to your tour operator and not to the hotel!! 2) the hotel itself is excellent, honestly, there are so many people and so many opinions, in advance when I look for a hotel, I also read reviews here, either competitors write, or people with a high rating on what they want Personally, I liked everything, the room was great, the sea view during dinner was excellent, but book your places 15 minutes in advance cleaning, I have a cheerful sign so that they do not disturb me all the time, so they cleaned once at my request, because I did not really need the dishes to be done! 3) Food - you will definitely not be hungry, the variety is huge Tomorrow, lunch, dinner, a buffet with sweets, there is also a bistro where you can order dishes a la carte and they will cook hot dishes for you right away, in the evening you can eat soup, and on the beach they make flatbreads with cheese from 12 to 16, they are free, remember 4) alcohol - to be honest, everything is fine Beer is poured from a keg EFES, it is good, not diluted, cocktails are very alcoholic) they do not skimp on alcohol and pour it into small packaged bottles, you can also take strong alcohol separately, it is good THE MOST INTERESTING AND IMPORTANT Tour guide Anex ELSHAT or as we called him "Elshut" He will offer you excursions Divide his words by 2 The most important and most important !!!!! Don't go to the $15 hammam he'll advise you to go to. DON'T PEOPLE, I ASK YOU. It was the most disgusting hammam. Initially he promised 10 minutes one way and 10 the other. We waited for a taxi and drove for about 30 minutes. And return 1.5 HOURS!!!! It doesn't matter, there is wild unsanitary conditions there, everything is as dirty as for pigs, the Google rating of this hammam is 1.8, we found out its name only later if you want a really cool massage, go to the hotel for a massage, it costs 25-30, there the Thai girls are just witches, I would take more money with me and go there 3-4 times with joy Then we went on an evening yacht, as he said, pirate ships are already for children and no one takes them, he showed us a video and a photo of an excellent white yacht, at the end there was a pirate ship, the ship itself was good, the party was cool, not for children We drank well and sang songs, it's just that the fact of lying was there from the beginning and it's not beautiful And the last one is their local water park Legends. He will tell you to bring $5 per person to eat. Guys, take at least 30 per person just in case, food there costs 400-700 liras, even in poppy seeds There are no reviews about the hotel, people have been going there for 13 years, some of us knew them personally BUT ANEX TOUR GUIDE ELSHAT (he's a clown) Ps. The entertainment program is also nice, all kinds of competitions and performances Disco 70 meters to the sea through a passage Wi-Fi is paid, yes, almost everywhere Turkey has become very expensive, they have high inflation, take more money for gifts 116. Yorum: The hotel is so old that the springs in the beds were gone. We had to ask for a blanket to sleep on, but we couldn't sleep because of the springs. The staff is not attentive, they said we had nothing to ask for, they always said we couldn't take a plate there, we couldn't have a drink here, as soon as the meal times were over, while we were still eating, the staff came to the table and said the meal was over, let's pack our bags, we were constantly removed from the table. We asked the staff for cutlery and while chatting with the other staff next to him he said you could get them from here. When we told him they weren't there, he showed us another place to work. He stopped arguing and did it. I don't bring cutlery. On the last day we were verbally harassed by a Russian customer. The hotel management only gave him a verbal warning and did nothing else. The food was always the same. We chose the hotel based on reviews, but it has nothing to do with the reviews. 117. Yorum: First of all, there is no parking. They used an empty and dilapidated parking lot for parking. The cars are always covered in dust. If you say hall, there is no point. to all floors by elevator. Even the dining room is on the top floor. How many times have we stood in the elevator Since the day we arrived at the hotel, we have always stood in line for the elevator, in line for the bar. There is always a line for tables in the cafeteria, the food is not good at all, it is an a la carte restaurant Especially if you make a reservation, they postpone it 3 days later and then they take your order 3 days later. The fish was disgusting. They told us to be there at 7:30 anyway. We waited until 8:20 for the fish. Don't waste your money here, we regret it very much. the one who does it, especially since he has a host, he is a kid from Adana, I have never seen such a different person, he does not look at our faces, I do not like that either, it is shame after shame. 118. Yorum: A SHOE BAG WAS STOLEN FROM THE ROOM We report it to the reception. The employee is on leave today and the manager in charge of the employee is on leave today. Nobody cares. They didn't care. This was done the day before our release, the timing of the day off was so great. Obviously we won't have to deal with the police since we'll be leaving the city. The food is a fiasco, the same things come out every day. There is a model of cleanliness and zero theft. This is the first time I've seen such a hotel, everyone we talk to is unhappy. The facilitators do not deal with anyone but strangers. Ultra everything is a fiasco