1. Comment: We stayed with our group of friends over the weekend, a quality, comfortable, spacious, magnificent hotel.. A hotel that makes you say "I'm glad we chose it" upon recommendation.... I have had the opportunity to stay in many five-star hotels so far and I am writing this with all my sincerity… 2. Comment: We chose it for our holiday at the end of August with my wife. We stayed in the Standard land view room in the main building for 4 nights and 5 days. It was a very spacious and beautiful room that was cleaned every day. The cuisine was very diverse, appealing to every taste from world cuisine, from the desserts to the grill section, from the regular dishes, everything was perfect in taste. The restaurant is spacious and the waiters are helpful, but there was a smell at the entrance of the restaurant, which was a bit disturbing, other than that we did not see the slightest problem. Mr. Ramazan, who controls the hotel staff in the dining area and bars, is very active and we constantly ran into each other while doing his checks everywhere. We got to know him without even meeting him, as he does his job well and with his eye-catching work. There is a shuttle service for the pool and the beach, it departs every minute, and the beach is very close within walking distance. The pools are large and adequate, and the poolside snacks serve very well. For families with children there was a wide variety of pools play areas and the kidsclub was very active. If we have a child, we may choose it again just for this reason, and we should not pass without appreciating the food section reserved for children. But the sea part is small pebbled and very wavy. After a few steps, you reach the height distance and you encounter a very muddy sea because of the waves. The team that organizes the activities and entertainment of the hotel and the team that carries out the activities at the pool during the day and in the arena in the evening are always the same and it is obvious that they are tired and do not have fun, this energy is transferred to all the guests, and every service that the employees are not happy with reflects on us, the guests. We think this would not happen if the teams that carry out the evening and day activities were different. The hotel's guest base generally consists of foreigners or Turkish guests from different countries, so we made new friends and our evenings were much more enjoyable thanks to them. We tried to make impartial comments on all subjects. I hope it will be useful for the guests who come after us. Thanks for everything, to the ASKA LARA team, to all the waiters, to all the bartenders and to DJ Joker whose voice is still in our ears. 3. Comment: It was our first time at this hotel. We came with 3 friends. The hotel is definitely a very successful hotel, very good except for a few shortcomings. The staff is very friendly and always around you to ask if you need anything etc. There is food everywhere in the hotel, it is impossible to stay hungry, the food is delicious, only if you are late for dinner the grills get cold, other than that the pools are good, shallow, suitable for families with children but not very appealing to young people and adults. The sea is a mixture of sand and gravel but it is very wavy, so if you do not come in the morning, you may encounter waves of up to 1.5 meters in the evening. The animation team at the hotel can entertain people very well, especially with games in the pools etc. Beach volleyball is very good, many thanks to brother Ferhat there. aqua 1 works except for the slide and its aqua is really good, I especially thank Hasan there, he is a very gentleman, he knows how to entertain people very well, he deserves his money to the fullest. From snack restaurants to patisseries, they have very successful desserts and dishes. appeals to Turks. There are no specific tourists in the hotel, rather there are people from all countries, from the French to the British, who are an international hotel owner. The night entertainment was very good, especially Michael Jackson was very good. The ones after that were not very pleasing to me, in general the hotel is family friendly. The pools are shallow, the sea has 140 cm waves, the food is good etc., top quality, I will choose this place again next year. 4. Comment: First of all, when choosing a hotel, I read the comments here and decided on Aska Lara. I am commenting on the hotel where I stayed for 4 nights and 5 days. I definitely recommend it. All the employees are very friendly and we have not experienced any negative situations with anyone. The rooms are cleaned every day and towels are changed. The hotel is generally very clean, even the pool toilets are spotlessly clean. Now, let's talk about the food. All the food was delicious. Everyone said there was a strong smell at the entrance of the restaurant, but we didn't smell it. All the food, including the grills, was delicious. There are many types of desserts and they are good at desserts too. We used both the pool in the main building and the pools in the Wet n Wild area. Everyone throws their towels on the sun loungers in the morning. I don't know if this can be prevented. There are fun water parks for kids. The amusement park is open between 19:00 and 21:00 in the evening, and I think 21:00 is too early for it to close. Don't worry about getting there by shuttle, we never had to wait for the bus, you can even walk back if you want, the distance between the water park and the main building is that close. Evening animation shows were enjoyable. We had a very enjoyable holiday without encountering any negative situations, thank you. 5. Comment: Even though we arrived at 8 in the morning, we put on our wristbands (Nuray was very helpful) and started the day with breakfast, which was quite diverse, 2. My son is 3rd. That day, we had an upset stomach and threw up, we asked the nurse for medicine so as not to have to look for a pharmacy on duty since it was Sunday, the nurse said that the procedure could not be done without issuing an invoice, what would the doctor examine without doing tests, would he give us diarrhea and vomiting medicine, at most, they had turned the business into a business, (If he had made an invoice, he would have given us the medicine without doing the tests! ) I wandered around the food section to find boiled potatoes but they didn't have any. They said they would help me if I wanted some, after an hour (it was very different, all the cooks told each other). But they were going to help me, I didn't want it because it would take too long. We really liked Burak, the lifeguard at the pools, he is cheerful and does his job successfully. The other lifeguards leave the pool 10 minutes before 5 o'clock, even though it closes at 5 o'clock. Hopefully there will be no problems in the last 10 minutes at the pools! They close the amusement park at 9pm, it's too early! but they say we will finish when we go at 10:00, in fact one day when we saw that it was dark we thought it was an off day but they closed early (why 9?) They said there was baked potato at the Garden bar, I ask why you closed it at 10:00 to 4:00, the waiters say I don't know, there is no one to talk to, I was shocked, they are not professional at all, we will never go to Aşka's again and we will not recommend it to our friends. The holiday we had been waiting for for a year came crashing down on us, it seemed like all the negativities had found us. There were also good things, we checked in and stayed in one of the best rooms (3214) and since our flight was at night, we checked out after dinner in the evening (the best day of the meal was the check-out day). Alcoholic drinks were also very good, even the fact that there was beer in bottles made my wife happy. The room cleaning is very successful 4. The gentleman who cleaned the floor was very kind and did his job successfully. I shared all our positive and negative experiences in detail, I hope it will be useful. 6. Comment: We stayed for 3 nights at the end of July and the beginning of August. The cleanliness of the rooms was very good. 3. We stayed in room number 1310 on floor. The cleaning staff was very attentive. The food is legendary. Every meal was absolutely beautiful. Not many restaurants and eateries can cook this well. I would go back to the hotel again just for the food. From shrimp to calamari to döner. The food was top class, from lamb tandoori to lamb ribs. The dining hall staff is very attentive. You buy your food, they bring the drinks. We would like to thank the cafeteria staff, especially Ekin and Müzeyyen, who looked after the children's side. Some of the staff were Kyrgyz and they were very nice. The pools were clean. I saw with my own eyes that samples were being taken from the pools. We did not experience any problems. There are pools in two separate areas. They take buses and coaches to the second pool. There are very frequent buses. We waited for 7-8 minutes at most. Evening entertainment at the second pool area is very good and the animation team is very good. We never went out. Algida ice creams are free. Starbucks sucks. Normally I don't go to the same hotel all the time to see different places, but I will go to this hotel again. 7. Comment: We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. As soon as I entered the hotel I was greeted with a smiling face. Even though we arrived at the hotel early, he said we could benefit from the services until our room was ready. The food was delicious but there was a strong smell as soon as we walked in. The staff never left anything idle, they were very friendly and the service was very fast. We would also like to thank our Izmir native Berkant Bey in the A La Carte section, he was very friendly and attentive :) We had difficulty finding a place in the Wet`n Wild section. They leave towels and bagels overnight and take up space, I think this needs to be prevented. The animation team was very energetic and fun, we really liked that the entertainment continued in the garden bar after the animation shows. The only negative thing I can say is that we did not like the cleanliness of the room. For those going as a couple, be careful, there were many families with children. 8. Comment: First of all, I must say that I found it after a lot of research. It was clearly effective in the comments. I don't know where to start explaining because there is so much to tell. Let's start from the introduction. The welcome was super. Even though I arrived at the hotel early, they immediately started using their facilities. The holiday had already started before our room was ready. Our friends at the reception are providing information. My family and I stayed in a standard room for 4 people. The room was very spacious. Despite the addition of an extra bed. Towels were changed every day and the room was cleaned. It is impossible for you to stay hungry. My advice is to go to the restaurant section at the end. That place catered more to Turkish cuisine. When you enter the dining room, you can smell the food heavily. I suggest that the hotel authorities find a solution to this. Ventilation is inadequate. The smell gets worse especially when there is fish in the water. Although it looks like the aqua park and pools are right next to the hotel in the pictures, it is not. 2 minutes away by bus. We have never waited more than 2 minutes for a bus. Although this may seem like a minus, the hotel facilities do not make it a big deal. What I like the most is that there are lots of bars and restaurants for food and drinks. We did not wait in line even at the busiest time. We never waited in line at the cafeteria either. I went during a very hot time and even the pool did not cool me down. There are showers next to the pools, just to cool you down. The sea was clean. Both the sea and the beach were sandy and beautiful. The evening shows are of high quality and enjoyable to watch. Frankly, the animation team is also very active and gets people excited. I left their staff for last. They were all smiling and nice, and there was no distinction between Turks and foreigners. I must open a separate parenthesis for the brasserie bar staff. That was our place after dinner. They were very friendly and attentive. We wanted to do something small for my little girl's birthday. There was a relevant unit, they would direct them there. They asked, "What would you like? Should we decorate your room or the table?" I was surprised, to be honest, I did not expect such a service. We celebrated with a small cake at the Brasserie bar. We have caused trouble to the bar staff and I would like to thank them again. I heard from an employee (I don't know who he is) that the boss was very well-liked. I did some research and I think the boss is happy with the staff that has been trained from the core. In short, I was very pleased. I'm thinking of going again when it's not so hot. 9. Comment: When I first entered the lobby, I was treated very well. Ms. Nuray welcomed us with a smile, the girls were probably not very interested because we were Turkish, the parking lot can hold a maximum of 20 vehicles, we had to leave the car outside the hotel. My room was very nice, and the cleaning staff did a good job. but our room is 6. Since it was on the first floor, the elevators made us wait a long time. There was an extremely bad smell from the fish stand at the entrance to the main restaurant, but the food was varied enough to appeal to everyone. At the snack restaurant, it was very crowded at noon and you could not find a seat, and the waiters were indifferent to Turks. Although the variety was small, it was delicious. There is a line at most bars, but the bartenders, especially Selçuk who works at the beach bar and Eren who works at a bar in the hotel, were very attentive and made us completely happy. The pool in front of the hotel is small, but the pool a little further down is adequate and more fun. There were a lot of waves on the beach, we were only able to enter once. The animator team is fun but as everywhere else, we are Turkish so 2. We were treated like class customers. The ice cream boy was very sweet and attentive. Generally speaking, it's worth going again, but if you act like a tourist, I'm sure you'll get extra attention :) 10. Comment: We came to the hotel for our 4-night honeymoon and were greeted with smiles and welcome everywhere, including the entrance. Even though we arrived at the hotel early, they said we could use the hotel facilities until our room was ready. The room decorations and gestures made us happy, thank you. The food was delicious and had a lot of variety. As you enter the main restaurant, there is a strong food smell. There are many entertainment areas in the wet'n wild section for families with children. The energy and sincerity of the animation team was very good. Every day there is a different activity and show. We would also like to thank Mr. Berkant and his team for hosting us at the A la Carte restaurant on the last day and for their smiling faces and service that made us love Far Eastern cuisine. 11. Comment: We stayed at your hotel as a family for 4 nights and 5 days. We chose Aska Lara Resort and Spa Hotel upon recommendation. The food in the main restaurant and snack restaurant is really delicious and the cleanliness of the rooms is good enough. The poolside is clean and the main restaurant is constantly being cleaned. By the way, we would like to thank the cleaning staff, Mr. Sefa. The restaurant staff is trying to be helpful, they are friendly and sincere, especially the waiter Nurullah Bey and the chef Yılmaz Bey. We expected the same attention and care in bars, but we didn't see it from anyone except some bar staff. If I start with the good things, Mr. Ali Osman, who works at the beach bar during the day, is very friendly and sincere, his bilateral relations were good, and his unique cocktails are great. The same situation applies to the beach bar chef, Mr. Müslüm. The waitress at the Panorama bar, Songül Hanım, was always helping us whenever we went to the bar to get something, she was very friendly and approachable. As for the downsides, there is always a line at the beach bar in the evenings, you have to wait in line for 15-20 minutes. You get bored and go to the Panorama bar to relax. You go to the bar to get different cocktails from the barmaids, but they always make and serve you red or blue cocktails. They constantly mix syrups with fruit juices and make simple things and then send you away. I guess they don't know much and it's obvious. They were always sulky and spoke to us and the other Turkish guests in a rude and harsh tone, but unfortunately the same was not true for the foreign guests. Everything was great except the bar area. 12. Comment: We enjoyed coming to Aska Lara Hotel 3 times with my family, we love Aska Hotel very much, the food, drinks, pools, ww area are magnificent, the restaurant service, lounge, fly and Aska chef service, the service quality was really fantastic, fast and many thanks to the smiling staff, especially Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya, they took care of us so much that we were very happy, I hope they will be there next year, because we will come again especially for them, the hotel was much more beautiful this time we came, especially the garden was wonderful, we would like to thank the chefs Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz team for bringing such beautiful smiling staff together, we will recommend it to everyone in England and we will come again next year, by the way, the bar service, lounge bar service Halide and Melissa Thank you also to Guler, they made very nice cocktails and took care of us. 13. Comment: We stayed in many hotels in the Kundu area. Our arrival is the best and most beautiful of all hotels, I really say Aska, the food, the drinks, the service quality, the staff, everything, we say Aska, the garden side is very nice, it has been renewed and is perfect, the restaurant service Aska, the chef, the fly restaurant service, the lounge fly restaurant service, the bar services, including the breseri and the panorama beach bar, the service was perfect, it was fantastic, thank you very much Ekin Menevse and Serhat Babur who took care of us, thank you very much for being smiling, sincere and friendly and taking care of us, and especially Yilmaz Korkmaz, the chefs, his incredible conversation, his service, his taking care of us, providing every request we had every day, it was very nice, also thank you Alper Kaya, Ahmet Davaz, Ramazan Tez, we are glad that they have such chefs and staff, thank you, we will come again and recommend it to everyone in England. 14. Comment: First of all, I want to start with the cleaning. Every part of the hotel, including the rooms, is very clean. Generally, the dirtiest toilets are the toilets in the pool area. Even those places were spotlessly clean. The food is very delicious and very diverse. I also came across various flavors such as shrimp and calamari sushi. Desserts were successful. There is plenty of red meat. The restaurants in the pool area have options such as lahmacun and wrap Adana pizza, and they are delicious. Beach, pool, aqua park area is around 2 km from where you are staying and is the hotel's own area. Don't worry, the hotel's shuttles come every 10 minutes. And you'll be on site in 2 minutes. As for alcohol, which is the most important criterion for some, I was very pleased. There was Tekirdağ Raki, Jameson, Jack and Chivas whiskeys. The vodka and gin were good brands. Not just bottled beer. By the way, there is a Starbucks inside the hotel. The coffees are tastier than their regular stores. I will definitely choose it again. Putting aside premium hotels. It was the best hotel I've ever been to. 15. Comment: It was a hotel we came to in 2019 and we were satisfied when we first arrived. 2. We are generally satisfied with our development. However, I would like to mention some shortcomings. 1- The animation team was very good when we first arrived. The daytime pool animations and evening stage animations were very good. This year the animation team was insufficient. 2- Shuttles providing transportation to the pool area are insufficient. The number of vehicles should be increased. Air conditioning in vehicles usually does not work, you sweat a lot in the 2-minute journey in the Antalya heat. 3- The restaurant section in the pool area serves mostly fast food products such as pizza, pita and bread for lunch. The variety of food in this section should also be increased. 4- Fans should definitely be placed in the open balcony section of the restaurant on the lobby floor. It is impossible to sit outside because it is so humid outside. Note; In general, the hotel is very good with its other features. Would I choose it again? It will be one of the first hotels I look at when I want to come to Antalya. Thank you for everything ASKA LARA.. I would especially like to thank the hotel waiters. They all smile and do their job properly. I would especially like to thank Mekselina from the restaurant section and Hakan, the patent waiter from the pool section. You do your job to the fullest. 16. Comment: We checked out today. We had a wonderful 6-day holiday. For me, hygiene is very important! Hygiene was very good at every point, including the rooms. Aquapark, large pool, sea, night show-entertainment area are 2 minutes away by shuttle. Although it was crowded, we had no problems either during the day or in the evening. We were quickly transported. It doesn't seem possible for you to stay hungry. We can say that it is a large complex with different foods in each area. The restaurant section is great in every way. Hygiene, variety, taste and service are great. The animation and animation team are very entertaining for both children and adults. We watched some of the night shows with our mouths open :) and now let's talk about the staff. It is necessary to thank each unit separately. There may be problems in such a crowded hotel, but we did not encounter any. But some clients are really unstable and mob people because they paid them. What a shame! There is no one who never neglects his work! They are all laughing. I read a comment above about the hotel owner, we asked an employee the reason for this smiling face and he replied that it was our boss. How happy are such employers and employees who do their jobs properly. Of course, it depends on expectations. But the staff is definitely friendly, the hygiene is great, the food and drink are unlimited! Thank you Aska Lara! May you earn plenty of money 👏 17. Comment: This is our second time visiting this hotel. I can say that it is a true family hotel, but it also has halls and areas suitable for congress and meeting purposes. The hotel has a two-part area, but the distance is short and there is a shuttle service at very frequent intervals throughout the day, we had no problems with this. The waterfront area was so packed that we didn't even want to come for lunch during the day. There are two restaurants and bars in this area where you can have something to eat and which also have service. The taste and variety are excellent both in the hotel's main restaurant and in the restaurants in the seaside section. Quality products and brands have been selected for food and beverages. Cleanliness and staff behavior was quite good. This is the first time we have not experienced a shortage of sun loungers in a hotel. Thank you to all hotel staff. 18. Comment: We chose the hotel as a honeymoon couple. A beautiful room welcomed us and was prepared for us. There were special treats. Apart from this, we liked the cleanliness of the hotel very much. They cleaned our room whenever we asked. The staff welcomed us with a smile throughout the holiday. We also found the food to be quite successful. The drinks and cocktails were also very successful. It was a pleasant holiday for us. What I can say negatively is that the night entertainment of the hotel, especially the club inside the hotel, is very weak, not appealing at all and no one goes there anyway. The animations weren't bad and they were fun, but the nightclub was bad. 19. Comment: A complete price performance hotel, we were so pleased in every sense, every detail was considered. We went to many hotels, especially in Antalya, but this was the best for its price. Everything has been done for both children and parents to spend quality time. We had a great time even with our 10-month-old baby. We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room, the food and especially the competence and attention of the staff. We think that a-la carte restaurants should be improved in terms of menu and service. Additionally, the menu in snack restaurants can also be diversified. Thank you for everything, see you next year. 20. Comment: We went to Aska Lara again this year, where we have been going for holiday every year since 2018. We are very happy to see the facility develop and become more beautiful every year. You are greeted warmly at the entrance, the food is delicious and prepared to appeal to everyone, the drinks are branded and of high quality, the bottles are opened right before your eyes, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, you have the opportunity to find food and drinks in a different place in the facility at all hours, you can have fun in the pool with loud music activities, you can choose the quiet pools or you can swim in the sea at the beach. The hotel is a truly family-friendly establishment in every aspect. This year, our holiday became more enjoyable, especially with the Kids Club and the developing night animations. I also definitely recommend getting a massage at the Spa, they are really good. Well, are there no glitches or deficiencies in this facility? Of course it happens, but if you report your complaint to guest relations or the relevant department, the problem is resolved as soon as possible. This year, there are people I would especially like to thank. First of all, I would like to express our gratitude to Mr. Alper, who made us come every year with his interest, tolerance and brotherly closeness, and to Mr. Ziya, who made us feel at home in the facility, for everything. We would like to thank İsmail, Özkan, Ecem and Serhat at Aska Chef Snack; Emrecan at Ice Cream; Emirhan at the Main Restaurant; Barış and Yakup at Mozaik Restaurant; Ferhat and Selçuk at the Beach Bar; Şahin and Sevgi at the Spa; first of all, our most special thanks to Zeynep at the Kids Club and then Zarife, Cemile, Buket, Zühra, Cansu, Ceren; and Valeria at Guest Relations for her efforts and attention. Thank goodness we have you… 21. Comment: We were extremely pleased with our stay at Aska Lara Hotel. The food in particular was excellent, offering a wide range of flavours to suit everyone's taste. The service was also great, the staff were always friendly, helpful and did everything they could to make our holiday as enjoyable as possible. The biggest plus for us was the animation team, especially Melike Hanım and Gül Hanım. They took great care of our little girl and made sure she had a wonderful time. Thanks to their sincere interest and compassion, our daughter was also very happy. We definitely recommend Aska Lara Hotel to anyone who wants to have a peaceful and enjoyable holiday. We will definitely come back again! 22. Comment: If you are looking for a family holiday with children, this is a great choice. A hotel where your children will not get bored and where you can find activities for everyone from seven to seventy. The best aspects are the friendly and professional staff, quality food, quality drinks and the fact that it is a very clean hotel. Pools, beach, fun. Food and drink service is available almost always. The hotel's customer portfolio is generally of good quality. The downside was that the jacuzzi pools and amusement park that were working when we visited in previous years were not working. We stayed in room 1443, we are checking out, see you next year 💕 23. Comment: We came with my wife and our little daughter on August 29th based on the comments. We were greeted nicely at the entrance for a 4 night stay. Parking is limited inside, they usually move outside, there is no parking problem outside, there were 2,065 people in the hotel even though it was the end of the season. On the last day, it dropped to 1,800 and we felt relieved. The rooms were barely 4 stars, they had old parts. The view from inside the hotel in the evening is very beautiful. 1 min by shuttle to the main entertainment area. You get there with air-conditioned buses, everything you are looking for is there. The animations were also nice. I will mention 2 things in particular, the food, the chefs are great, the taste is nice, the varieties are sufficient, the employees are very attentive and helpful. Especially the young employee named Mehmet Emin, whom we met in the food section, was very attentive even though we were Turkish. 80% of the hotel was foreign (Actually everyone was understanding and respectful). We also had a massage, it was paid. I recommend it (Bali Massage). I don't think you should buy anything from the immediate vicinity of the hotel, it's very expensive. The pool boats a little further away were almost 3 times cheaper. The name of Deniz Market ;-) I give every detail, as a Local Guide ;-) Like my comment :) We would like to thank Chef Serkan, the Room Cleaning lady, Mina at the Reception, the Waiter on Roller Skates (at Wet'n Wild). The reason I didn't come here again was because it was too crowded (but there was no problem except not being able to find a sunbed). The reason I would come here again is the attention of the staff, the food and the simple pleasantness of the hotel. 24. Comment: Our 6-day holiday at Aska Lara Hotel was truly unforgettable! The rooms are extremely comfortable and spacious, and are cleaned regularly every day upon your request. However, the most important factor that made our holiday so special was the friendly and professional approach of the hotel staff. From the reception to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, everyone made us feel at home. The food, especially in the restaurants, was wonderful, appealing to every palate with its wide menu and delicious dishes. I would also like to thank the restaurant waiters. Each and every one of them was extremely kind, attentive and professional. During our meals, they quickly fulfilled all our requests and always provided service with a smile. The attentiveness and interest of the waiters made our dining experience even more enjoyable. The activities and entertainment programs offered by the hotel were also quite diverse. The enjoyable hours we spent by the pool and the entertaining activities organised by the animation team ensured that we had a full holiday. Aska Lara Hotel is the perfect place for both relaxation and entertainment. 25. Comment: We stayed with my wife in June. It was a beautiful holiday where everything was ultra-inclusive. You can drink free drinks at the Starbucks inside the hotel. The hotel's buffet meals were diverse and delicious. I have stayed in much more expensive luxury hotels, and when I compare them, I can say that Aska Lara had more options. I think it is a very good option especially for families with children. Full price performance holiday. I would like to add some notes to the hotel owner-manager here, which in my opinion will impair the beauty of the hotel: Fish should not be fried in the open buffet area - frying them in the outside dining area would be better in terms of smell. (Or at this point, improving the ventilation) On the seaside, your feet burn on the sand from the sunbed to the sea. Unfortunately, for this place, they usually make a wooden road to the sea. Something like that could be done. Because the seating arrangement in the entertainment area is flat, sometimes the shows are not visible and you cannot fully adapt. It would be nice if an area like a stepped amphitheater was created. Also, there are a lot of children in the entertainment field, so it would be great if you could increase the number of your team with interns etc. and have them be more involved. 26. Comment: Before we even checked in to the hotel, Aska Lara gave us the first surprise today, they gave us a room in the annex building but we were not aware of it!! We entered the room and 10 minutes later I called to inform them about this situation, my wife of 6 months is PREGNANT and has difficulty walking! There is a special situation, the only solution is to change the room but no one cares but the only answer the reception gave me was that we do not have any representative who can help you, I called at 17:00, it is not late! I have been coming to Lara for 10 years. I have been to hotels like Adalya and Delphin and my rooms were always inside the hotel! Is there a room outside the hotel? What nonsense is this, I paid 1000€ for three days but Gökhan Bey wants 30€ per day from me extra, that is 120€. If you see the annex building, it looks like a 3 star hotel. If I had known, I would have gone to another hotel!! Before we start our vacation, we are in a ridiculous situation, we are in our own country but our people are used to the flattery of other countries! Keep it up 👏 27. Comment: Generally good but the food is very bad. To be honest, I came here after reading the comments but it was not what I expected. The moment you enter the food court, your stomach turns from the smell and your appetite is gone. As for the rooms, the towels smell extremely bad. The only thing I liked was that I would like to thank Ms. Gül, Ms. Ayşe, Mr. Melih and Mr. Ömer from the animation team for their interest and attention. In terms of entertainment, we participated in all the activities without ever getting bored. I can only thank the friendly and very interested people for the hotel and say that it was the only point that I was satisfied with. 28. Comment: Hello, first of all, we checked in to the hotel on 14.07.2024 at around 15:30 to stay. We waited at the reception for about 45-50 minutes (there was also our mistake) Ms. Nuray took care of it. The annex building is far for families with children. First of all, if you are going to buy, stay in the main building. There is a bridge to walk from the annex to the main building. There are general swimming pools in the main building for food etc. activities, and you need to take a shuttle for the kids club. There are not enough sunbeds at the pools, they are usually just left with towels thrown in. There is entertainment in the evenings. In general, the hotel was good. I would say that a little more sensitivity should be taken regarding cleanliness, but in general, the hotel was good, both in terms of food and activities. When we entered the first day, Ms. Nuray kept us waiting and we were offered to stay in your room until 15:00 on the day of departure, which we accepted. I started receiving calls on 19.07.2024, starting from 11:36, they started to say "Hand over the keys to the room". Then we tried to explain the situation, the cleaning lady told me that the room would be cleaned etc. We kept trying to explain the situation to both her and the reception, finally we learned that the room was extended until 14:30, first for 3 hours, then they tried to do whatever they wanted for 2.30 hours by shortening it. I handed over the room keys at 13:00. There is a lack of coordination; staff should increase their note-taking habits. When asked if I would come again, I am satisfied with some of the hotel's services and not with others. I hope my comment will be evaluated and action will be taken. If corrected, yes 👍 29. Comment: It was a hotel that we have been visiting for years and loved. This year, we stayed there again as 3 families. Other reviews have mentioned all the details, I won't write them all, but the hotel has improved its quality this year, the cleaning is very good, the rooms are very comfortable, all the details have been considered one by one. The employees are really friendly and attentive, we had the chance to chat, everyone is very pleased with the employer, they said they got their rights to the fullest, we liked this situation very much, the newly built garden bar is magnificent. The animation team is very active, and the hotel is also very suitable for families with children. I recommend it with peace of mind. Thank you aska team 30. Comment: We came to the hotel with two friends and had a great time. The rooms were very clean in terms of hygiene. The pool and the sea were also beautiful. We would like to thank the animation team and the rose for their interest and attention. He took care of us from the first day we arrived. He is great. Thank you for everything, Aska. 31. Comment: This is our second time at the hotel. We stayed in room 1680. Our room was very nice. Every day when we left our room in the morning and returned in the evening, we found our room spotlessly clean and tidy. I would also like to thank the cleaning team. From the moment we entered the hotel until we left, all the staff did their jobs with a smile. Pools, slides and bars are quite sufficient. Before arriving at the hotel, getting to the pool area by bus may confuse you. But when you arrive, you will see that transportation is very easy. The bus arrives without waiting. You arrive in 2 minutes. 32. Comment: We checked out today from the hotel where we stayed for 4 nights. We had a really enjoyable and nice holiday. I would choose it again for vacation. We received a quality service. But I would also like to share some points that I find inadequate. 1139 no. We stayed in the room. *The room size etc. is very nice but it overlooks a dirty terrace and sitting on the balcony is not enjoyable at all. As 3 adults, I expected the room to be better. *It's too bad there is no parking area, there is easily a place outside the hotel but in 42 degree heat I would have liked it to be in a closed area. (There is a small parking lot for 20-30 vehicles, which is insufficient for a facility with over 500 rooms) *Information at the entrance is insufficient. It is said that you can access information from the QR code on the card, but it only says restaurant and bar service hours and paid/free services. It would be nice if there was a sketch of the hotel. It would also be nice if we could see the activities and times during our stay from QR. For example, it says that the cinema will start at 21:00, but when we went in for the movie at 21:00, it was almost halfway through. *During our stay (except for Monday, when there was extra traffic on that day) we did not have any problems finding a sunbed or a table. 33. Comment: We are currently on the fourth day of our holiday at the hotel. Since we started looking for a hotel, we did a lot of research until we decided on this place. We examined many hotels and read the comments and complaints. In almost all cases, there was a reason that made us give up. When we came across Aska Lara, we made our decision without hesitation that this was the hotel we were looking for and chose it. The biggest reason we chose the hotel was that we were going on holiday with our child. For this reason, we were very selective and what I will write will be guiding for families with children like us. I will explain it in some detail. First of all, the location of the hotel is in a very good place. It is very easy to transport. We came with navigation and arrived very comfortably and quickly without getting into city traffic. The marked location is correct. We arrived at the hotel and the security guard welcomed us first, he was very friendly and helpful. We arrived a little early. Our room was in the process of being cleaned. Room check-in time is 14.00. We were at the hotel at 12:00. They welcomed us very well here. Tuncay Bey, who works at the reception, Alper Bey, who works at customer relations, and the lady on duty and the security officer were very attentive. We had lunch downstairs, drank our coffee at Starbucks, then went up to the reception and our room was ready. (Starbucks is free.) We went up to our room and found it to be a very nice and clean room. The rooms are very nice, clean, cleaned every day, we did not experience any problems. As far as I can see, the hotel consists of 3 facilities. I think what I write here will be very helpful for those searching for a hotel. The building where the Anex rooms are located (I don't know about this place, I haven't been there), the main building and the facility where the beach is. The building where the Anex rooms are located and the main building are within walking distance. You can walk from the main building to the beach in 5 minutes, but there are shuttle services from the main hotel building to the beach every 5 minutes and you can be there in 2 minutes. This issue does not cause any problems. We were also confused, but it is very easy to navigate. The hotel main building has restaurants, pools, bars, disco, cinema, Turkish bath and spa. You can spend time here without going to the beach area, and that's how we spent one day. The facilities in the beach section are very nice. An indefinite number of pools, aqua parks, children's entertainment activity areas, children's pools, children's aquaria, snack restaurants, etc. vs. Time passes very well here. Our child loved the pools here. Snacks, hamburgers, pasta types, countless drinks, ice creams, pancakes, baked potatoes, the sea, the beach, everything is wonderful. Here, one does not realize how time passes. As for the food, I have stayed in hotels with open buffets before and experienced stomach and intestinal discomfort, but we definitely did not experience anything like that here. The restaurant is very big. There are an indefinite number of foods and drinks available. One gets confused about what to buy. The food is also delicious and very clean. Since our holiday is focused on our child, we pay great attention to pools, activities, food, cleanliness, etc. Fruit, dessert, grill, stew, appetizers, salad, fish and meat sections, breakfast, children's meals, diet meals, everything is very nice, clean and delicious. There is a patisserie open until the morning. There is night soup. Ms. Iclal does her job very well in the restaurant section and takes very good care of every guest. If I were to talk about the animation team, and we did a lot of research on this, we wanted the child not to go to the sea or pool in the morning, have dinner and go to bed and sleep, we wanted them to have fun and have activities and entertainment in the evening. The animation team is very solid and good at their job. Events and shows start around 21:00 on the giant stage in the beach section. Beforehand there are children's activities and a children's disco. They prepare different shows every day. First our child had fun here in the evenings and then we watched very nice shows. It is obvious from their beautiful shows that they work hard to do their job properly. What caught our attention the most about the hotel is that all the employees we encountered were friendly and helpful. If they ask me if I would come to Aksa Lara Resort Spa again, I would definitely come. Everything was great, we were very pleased, thank you very much, goodbye. 34. Comment: A true family hotel, I can come again, everything is perfect. The animation team is very entertaining and successful at their job. I would especially like to thank Can for taking care of us. It was our child's birthday and while we were thinking about how to make it, we came across a wonderful surprise when we entered the room. They had thought of it and left a cake. The food is very very good, there is a very rich cuisine every day from breakfast to dinner. The rooms are cleaned every day after we go out and we find them spotlessly clean when we return. You can choose the pool with peace of mind that it is clean ☺️ 35. Comment: First of all, greetings... The hotel is a family-friendly hotel, brimming with managers and staff who have always managed to maintain a family atmosphere and customer satisfaction at the highest level. Both the rooms, the bars and the restaurants are top notch. Both breakfast and dinner are superb. I would like to commend the employees of the grill section of the restaurant, who did not neglect to provide impeccable service by circling around the customers like a propeller, and our brother MEHMET EMİN SELÇUK, whose name I learned later, for their devoted work. Although I thought I wouldn't be able to finish talking about the hotel. It would be beneficial for you to go and see everything in person. I wish success to the Aska family. And before I forget, I later learned who you are, the owner of the vehicle with plate ASL 90 🤗🤗. He sees the respect and approach of your staff towards you. Proof that everything is due to the employer. May everything be as you wish. I wish you continued success. 36. Comment: 15.08.2024 - Our second visit to Aska Lara, which we love very much, everything has become much better, including the garden bar, the innovations are magnificent, thank you very much to everyone who helped us in our 3 separate rooms with my large family, the main restaurant service, Aska Sef, Sineck restaurant, Launge Sine restaurant service was very fast and magnificent, thank you very much to Sila Karaca, Ekin Menevse who took care of us, also thank you very much to their chefs Yılmaz Korkza, Yunus Guvene, Murat Turute for helping us, also thank you to Ramazan Tez, who asked us how we were when he saw time, his interest was appreciated, thank you also to Yılmaz Korkmaz for bringing such a smiling staff together, thank you very much for his services, we will definitely come again next year, especially to Yılmaz Bey, because I promised 👍👍 The cleaning and respectful of the room numbered 1361 Thank you very much for your behavior and the ladies Büşra and Halide who never get tired of serving at Starbucks. We thank them very much for their friendly service and of course their coffee, also where we went to enjoy coffee, and we thank Melisa again for her friendly service, the bar service was incredible and beautiful, also thanks to Kurt Bey 37. Comment: Hello ASKA Lara hotel Everything is perfect food service is great magnificent the best beautiful enjoyable hotel in Kundu region service quality food quality and beverage quality is perfect restaurant service perfect ASKA chef restaurant service magnificent lounge restaurant service thank you to the beautiful smiling staff ekin menevse meltem gokce chefs yilmaz korkmaz berkant kırik and managers ramazan tez ercan inci also thank you we will come again next year and recommend 38. Comment: We always spend our holidays in good hotels. such as granada luxury belek, la blanche island bodrum etc. This summer we chose Aska Lara. For the first time, we saw and felt that the hotel staff, from the animation to the bar, from the restaurant to the waiter, from the floor attendant to the reception, were working happily. It is very important to be able to provide this. If they are happy, they make you very happy too. There is no waiting in line, you come across a bar or a restaurant at every step. I can't finish writing about it, it's best to experience it yourself. Thank you for everything 39. Comment: Last week, I came with my family and we had a wonderful holiday. The entire team at the reception is very good and very professional in their job. They took great care of us. I would like to thank especially Ms. Regina and Mr. Gökhan. They are also very good at cooking. I recommend you to taste the delicacies prepared by the masters. 40. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel. We were very pleased. It was a completely child-friendly hotel. We had a great time with our 2.5 year old daughter. All the staff were very helpful in every way. Especially Ms. Ayşe from the animation team made us very happy with her interest and attention. Thank you for everything 41. Comment: We stayed for 4 days and stayed in the Annex rooms (extra building). All the staff, especially Ziya and Cansu, were very caring and interested. Chief Bartender Hayrullah's Margarita is definitely recommended. There was a smell problem in the room where my children stayed the first day, we requested a room change from the reception and they immediately provided the room. We needed an additional room card and it was provided immediately. The food and drink selection was both high quality and delicious. The sea was beautiful early in the morning, but in the afternoon it could get wavy and dirty. I think the only problem with the facility is its location. There is a main street between the main building and the pools where the activities are held and which are right next to the sea. You have to get there by shuttle every 15 minutes or walk for about 5 minutes. Apart from this situation, I did not see any negative situation. 42. Comment: This is our second time coming to Aska Hotel, the hotel was beautiful, it has become much more beautiful, thank you to everyone, an incredible holiday, the food, the drinks, the pool, the garden, everything was great, the main restaurant service, the lounge service, Aska chef service was perfect, fast and smiling, many thanks to Kürşat Günenire, Sila Karaca, Ekin Menekşe and their chef Tatbiki Yılmaz Korkumaz for taking care of us, thank you very much for making us feel at home, we will definitely come again next year and recommend it to everyone, we will come especially for Chef Yılmaz Korkumaz 43. Comment: The food and drink was great, I definitely liked the food every night. The number of employees was sufficient for the customers, there was not much waiting in line. Thanks to Asiye Hanım from cleaning, we were very pleased with the cleaning and fulfillment of requests every day. As Room 3302, we would like to thank the animation, cleaning and food service staff. 44. Comment: We came to the hotel with 2 friends for 5 days. There are different activities, shows and parties every day. Most of all, we had a lot of fun with the animation team. Many thanks to Güle Ayşe and Melihe for their satisfaction, they always took care of us during the holiday. The rooms were also very clean and tidy. Thank you, aska. 45. Comment: A wonderful environment where you can have a family holiday. Everything has been thought of. All the food is extremely delicious, the service is top notch. The employees are very friendly and love their jobs. I would especially like to thank Mr. Ihsan at the reception. He prepared our room immediately, there are lots of activities for your children, the animation team is great. My family and I were very satisfied, thank you for everything 🧡 46. Comment: When we first arrived, we were greeted with a friendly smile at the reception. We had a problem with the room and they solved it the next day. For lunch, fish, turkey, meatballs, grilled sausage and ground meat pita were delicious. In addition to these for dinner, grilled beef entrecôte was delicious. There was a wide variety of both cold and dessert sections. The waiters are trying to be very helpful. Especially in the pizza section, our friend Barış's approach was very good. Since the hotel is on the road, you can enter the beach area by bus. The hotel bus is coming right away. The main activities are in the beach section. What I see as a negative is that there is a long queue at the snack bar next to the pool and they are trying to prepare the orders at the same time. Our friend Özkan over there works very fast but he can't keep up. The friend next to you is sometimes there. There should be 3 permanent people working there so that there is no long queue. Since the hotel is crowded, the number of staff is insufficient and more work is required from less staff. In addition, although the animation team had a good approach, unfortunately we could not get the same smiling face in the mini club. 47. Comment: Hello Lara, we are a honeymoon couple and we chose Aska for this trip that we will experience for the first time. Where should I start, Ayşe who cleaned our room was beautiful and sincere, thank you for everything, well done, Aska team, which is a great staff, my DJ joker dear brother, I wish we could bring you to Ankara with us. Thank you, Emin and the other friends, for your smiling face (except the Zumba lady). We also thank our busboy friend who we came from the last day. Whoever we praise, they were more or less sincere, smiling people, the friendships made there were nice, the funny memories were experienced 😂😂😂 48. Comment: We had a trouble-free and beautiful holiday experience. The employees are friendly and helpful. It's a family hotel and they are really great about the food, there are so many options you will definitely not go hungry. I liked the garden bar the most, it's a nice area to take a break after the sea. 49. Comment: 2nd with my family. Our development. Perfect in every way. We were very pleased. The food is delicious and has a lot of variety. Animated shows are very entertaining. Karaoke shows are also very entertaining as after shows. We would like to thank Güle and Melike from the animation team, Melihe and her team for their interest. A big thank you for everything Aska, see you again next year. 50. Comment: I stayed at Aşka Lara hotel for 6 days and was very pleased during this time. From the first moment I stepped into the hotel, I was impressed by the friendliness and professionalism of the staff. Thanks to the wonderful attention of Cansu Hanım in customer service, I found answers to all my questions quickly and politely, and I did not experience any problems during my holiday. The flawless service of Mr. Ramazan and Mr. Yılmaz in the food and beverage section made every meal a separate pleasure. The variety and taste of the food was great. Also, the atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice and comfortable. Waiters Hakan, Ökkeş, Zadar and especially Birindar, whom I liked very much, always pleased us with their friendly and fast service. I would like to thank each and every one of them for their sincere and attentive service. The hotel also deserves praise for its room cleanliness. Emine Hanım and Züheyla Hanım ensured that the rooms were always clean and tidy. Their meticulousness in cleaning made our holiday more comfortable. The other facilities offered by the hotel were also excellent. The pool area was large and clean, there were plenty of sun loungers and we were always able to find a spot. The spa and fitness centers were also well equipped. Especially the spa services made our holiday even more relaxing. Overall, the 6 days I spent at Aşka Lara hotel offered an experience that far exceeded my expectations. Thank you to all hotel staff for this wonderful holiday. I will definitely come again! With love, Sultan 51. Comment: First of all, we are very lucky to have chosen Aska Hotel. It's great to get service from such amazing bar staff. The cocktails in all the bars were very good. Be sure to try the cocktails prepared by the bar team at the entrance of the arena. Drinking pinacola at the Panorama bar is very nice, drinking coffee at the brasserie bar is great, definitely try the special cocktail at the Garden bar. The bar service is absolutely wonderful. Thanks bar crew. We will come again for the bar team and all Aska staff. 52. Comment: We came from Germany for a 1-week holiday with my cousin. The animation shows, food, rooms and staff are great. Pool games are played every day during lunch break and it is very fun. It is an ideal hotel for both families and children. Thank you to Gül and Melih from animation. We are welcome. See you again next year. 53. Comment: Pros; Food (Nice meat products) Starbucks Desserts, local drinks Massage was great, they give discounts Cons; The sea is sandy but not clear, it cannot be compared to the Aegean Sea Disco needs to be revived, no one invites to the disco There is no snack bar in the main building Foreign drinks are not of good quality In short, it was enjoyable, I may come again. There are areas for improvement, it could be better. 54. Comment: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 days in April with the all-inclusive concept. Even though the season had not yet started, it was completely full, especially with British and Russian tourists making up the majority. We stayed in a standard pool view room at the hotel, it was generally nice but maybe the toilet and shower sections seemed to need maintenance. The staff was generally very friendly and helpful. We were not at ease with the cleaning of the room, used towels were folded and put back in the bathroom. This issue did not suit the overall quality of the hotel. The food was open buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and I think the best part of the hotel was its kitchen. A wide variety of delicious and fresh dishes from different cuisines, desserts appeal to both your eyes and your stomach :) You can also access any alcoholic drink you want in all bars in the hotel because as you know, sometimes in such hotels you may get a response like "unfortunately not available" etc. for a drink you want, but there was no such situation here. I was able to drink any cocktail I wanted, or options like Baileys and Jaiger, very easily. There is also a pool where the main building of the hotel is, but I recommend that you do not waste your time there and spend time at the beach and water park because it has a beautiful beach and the pool and activities there are much better. We were generally satisfied and would like to go again, but the prices are known, maybe if there is a good discount I wouldn't miss it :) 55. Comment: ASKA A.Ş was established in 1999 as a Limited Company. - Sun Queen Beach Hotel was opened for business in 2000. - In 2001, Club Sun Heaven and Kleopatra Beste Hotel were added to the company. - In 2004, the ownership of Sultan Pan Hotel was taken over and its name was changed to ASKA Baran. - In 2008, the superstructure rights of Starliçe Hotel were taken over and its name was changed to Bayview Resort. - At the end of the 2008 season, the management of Club Sun Heaven was abandoned and the management of Costa Hotel was taken over. - In 2008, ASKA Ltd.Şti changed its title to ASKA A.Ş. - In 2009, Justiniano Hotel management was added to ASKA. (One year later, its name was changed to Just In Beach.) - In 2009, the ownership of Club N hotel was taken over and its name was changed to Buket Resort & Spa. - In 2010, Yuvam Apart, located next to ASKA Baran Hotel, was rented and renovated and offered for sale as Baran Garden. - In 2010, the management of Washington Resort Hotel was taken over. - The capacity of Buse Resort Hotel was increased in the winter season of 2011. - In 2012, the foundation of the 5-star, 545-room Lara Resort & Spa Hotel was laid in the Lara / Kundu / Kemerağzı location. The facility was opened in spring 2014. - ASKA Germany GmbH was established in 2015 and the President Hotel in Berlin, Germany was taken over and put into service. - In 2016, a new ASKA Brand, Eight Days Hotels, was created and Eightdays Istanbul was opened for business in Istanbul Sütlüce. - ASKA River Suites, located in Antalya Kundu, owned by ASKA Hotels, was opened for business in May 2017. - In 2019, the management of the Grand Prestige Hotel in Side was taken over and opened under the name ASKA Grand Prestige Hotel. - As of 2019, ASKA Hotels continues to serve Tourism as 5 Hotels. - After the Grand Prestige hotel leaves the group in 2023, it continues to serve as 4 hotels. 56. Comment: During our one-week holiday, we relieved the tiredness of the whole year, even if only a little. 90% of the staff was attentive, friendly and helpful. From the floor staff to the hotel doctor, from the waitresses and gentlemen in the pubs to the chefs, everyone was very attentive. The animation team was very successful, we enjoyed watching it every evening while sipping our cocktails. I have only one criticism, but I don't think there is a solution that can be found for it. Since the hotel area is not very large, there is a serious shortage of sun loungers. Very early in the morning, people are running around trying to get a place. If you go to the pool at 11 o'clock and sunbathe, your chances of finding a spot are very low, so my advice is to take your towel on the first day and not give it back, and have someone from the family take the spot... Thank you for everything. 57. Comment: Expectations are truly met in terms of service and entertainment. The cuisine is both diverse and delicious. The only question mark seems to be that the beach part is separate from the hotel, but since both the beach part is within walking distance and there are constant services inside, there is no problem. It was a holiday that I was really pleased with. 58. Comment: We have been there many times and have always been satisfied. If there is even the slightest problem, guest services takes care of it immediately. The food is top notch. Anyone who says he went to the hotel and was left hungry is lying. There is food to suit every taste. Same goes for alcohol. Chef … 59. Comment: Price performance hotel. The food is fantastic. The staff is very friendly and sufficient in number. It is possible to reach the aquapark and entertainment area with the wet'n wild shuttle service. You just have to ignore the 2-minute transportation by shuttle. Great for families with children. Children's activities, kids club, animation etc. were very good. It makes sense to stay in the main building if possible. You may need to walk extra or take a short shuttle to get to the River Suite, otherwise you will have to go back and forth a lot between the River Suite-main building-Wetn Wild, which will of course reduce the enjoyment. The food is everything from sushi to stuffed calamari, from tandoori kebab to quail and Turkish night is delicious. In addition, special dishes come with special plating and presentation, with an amazing visual. Would definitely go again. Thank you for everything, Aska Lara. 60. Comment: We had a very good holiday experience. When we first arrived, our luggage had gone elsewhere. But we got it back with the help of guest relations officers. We would like to thank the guest agent Ms. Alina, Mr. Zafar, Mr. Tolga and Ms. Valeriya who took care of this process. Very gentlemanly, respectful and caring people. 61. Comment: It was wonderful from the first entrance, everything, attention, service, food, hygiene, everything was perfect. The friendly, respectful and caring staff were the aspects that made the holiday more beautiful. The beach bar built this year added a different beauty to our holiday. Thank you Aska family for making it perfect👏 62. Comment: Hello, we live in Istanbul. We stayed at this hotel for 6 days and 5 nights. The food is great. I've been to many hotels and never had such a variety of delicious food. It really does come out meaty. The fish is coming out. Desserts and other dishes are also delicious. The drinks in the dining hall, bar, buffet and other places are good. Unlimited nuts and chips are offered. You can get unlimited treats at the gözleme and ice cream shops without having to wait in line. You go to the beach by shuttle vehicles. It takes 3 minutes. It takes 5 minutes on foot. A vehicle is coming in 2-3 minutes. The sea is very beautiful. The water is neither cold nor hot. It doesn't sting your eyes because it's not too salty. It grows taller than 4 meters. You can find the place easily. Nice in pools. There is space for sun loungers. Pools can be crowded at some hours. The rooms and other areas are clean. There are pools next to the main building of the hotel. We did not use it. The employees are friendly and attentive. It was a surprise for me. We saw and met my favorite artist, “Kahtalı Mıçe”. We were happy. I would also like to thank Mustafa Tuksal, an employee of the Aska Lara sales office, for his help and attention. With my respect and love. Victorious 63. Comment: We stayed between 4-8 September. It was a complete nightmare for us. As a family, we caught germs from the pool and spent days in the hospital. I don't even want to see the photos of the hotel in my gallery right now. My daughter still has complaints of diarrhea, fever and vomiting… 64. Comment: The hotel was nice. Melike Habin, one of the animators, took great interest in us, invited us to all the activities, gave us information about the shows, we thank her. It is a hotel for families, if you come as a single it may be a bit simple for you. There are many areas for lawns. The rooms are very nice and spacious. The food is delicious. We were pleased. 65. Comment: A very nice hotel, I liked the food, service, sincerity and smiling faces. There is a different event every evening and different events during the day. The employees are very warm and helpful. In the restaurant section, a young man named Mehmet Emin took care of us all the time. He was very cheerful and sincere. My wife and I were very pleased. 66. Comment: In general, the hotel was nice, the staff was cheerful, the rooms were clean, I would like to thank Özgür from the animation team very much, I will definitely come again!!! 67. Comment: The service in the bars is very good, especially the Panorama Bar, Brasserie Bar, Pool Bar, Central Bar, Beach Bar, Aska Chef Bar, Lounge Bar and Garden Bar has great service, the cocktails were excellent. We had the opportunity to taste a different cocktail at a different bar every day. We're glad we chose Aska. We will be back again for the delicious cocktails and friendly bar staff at the bars. 68. Comment: The hotel is well maintained and clean. The staff is caring and helpful. The food is delicious. Aqua park facilities are enjoyable. We would like to thank the animation team and their leader Nemo for providing us with an enjoyable time throughout the day. 69. Comment: We stayed for 3 nights ultra all inclusive at the beginning of July 2024. The rooms, restaurants, pools and activities were very good. The food is so diverse that you get tired just looking at it :). The waiters are very attentive, they constantly ask what you would like to drink, sir. Hygiene is given importance. For example, we ate for 4 days. I only wanted to pick up one slice of pita with my hand, but was gently warned to use tongs. I appreciate it. We would like to thank animator Ms. Ayşe for the children's activities. We were very pleased with the communication he established with our child. The evening activities were also really fun, as if you paid to go to the circus. Mr. Nemo's head dance was memorable. The only negative thing I can say is that the closer parts of the sea were a bit dirty. But the pools were spotless. 70. Comment: Aska Lara hotel is the best hotel in Kundu region, you will understand as soon as you enter the hotel, magnificent hotel, magnificent service, restaurant service was perfect, launge restaurant service was great and fast, thanks to the smiling staff, thank you to Ozen Mehmet Goz, thank you to their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya 71. Comment: The hotel is great. Everything was great. We came with 3 girls. We participated in all the activities. Many thanks to the animation team. Thank you especially for your interest in the rose. He was very friendly and always took care of us. I recommend it to everyone, we came here on the recommendation of our friends. I'm glad we came. 72. Comment: I had the opportunity to be at the hotel for my cousin's wedding. While we were waiting for the wedding time during the day, the service team working on the patisserie side was really good. But I would like to thank Dilara Akbaş, Dilara, Özge and Hasibe for their interest and smiling faces. I will come on holiday as soon as possible. 73. Comment: The hotel is great as a concept. First of all, I would like to thank the cleaning team for cleaning the rooms. The food and drink are of very high quality and there is no chance of you going hungry. 2nd in a row. My year as a hotel accommodation. I would like to thank Gül and Melih from the animation team, they made us have a great time. See you again next year Aska Lara 74. Comment: It is a very good hotel in terms of price performance, but if you are someone who loves the sea, the beach is not nice at all, it is pebbly and deepens after 1 meter. 75. Comment: It was a great experience for us, there is a quality service approach in the hotel, Mr. İhsan at the reception was very polite and understanding, we were very pleased. The entertainment was very good, especially the animation team. The food was average but the staff was very helpful. 76. Comment: The pool and the sea were generally clean and beautiful. Even though we were not satisfied with the room cleaning, the waiter and bar staff were very friendly and hardworking. We especially thank Ms. Gül for her interest and concern. We were a single couple, but there were many and nice activities for families with children. The hotel is a price-performance hotel, you shouldn't have excessive expectations, I think those who have stayed in very luxurious hotels before and then preferred this hotel have made negative comments. 77. Comment: The hotel is 15-20 minutes away from the airport. Taxi fare is around 600 TL but some taxi drivers charge 15 to 20 € in euros. When we first arrived at the hotel, they were going to give us a room in the main building. The lady at the reception offered us a room in the next building in exchange for a one-time free a la carte restaurant and a day at the beach in a bungalow. We accepted, thinking that the rooms were of the same standards. When we saw the rooms, they wanted to go back to the main building and accepted. The rooms in the next building were very bad. We were 3 families and everyone's room was very bad. If such an offer comes, do not accept it. When we returned to the main building, the lady at the reception spoke to us in a curt manner, which was not nice at all. The rooms in the main building are good, there is daily room service and internet connection in all facilities. All the rooms are in the main building, there are no rooms on the beach side or on the side with the slides. There is a bus shuttle service to get there, it is a 5-minute walk and the main road passes in between. The floors around the pools are very slippery, there are warning signs everywhere but we saw children slipping and falling every day and getting injured, it would be good if a solution was found for this, I think it is very dangerous. Around 12 o'clock there are no more empty lounge chairs in the swimming area, people go by shuttle after breakfast, leave their towels and come back. I think if you want to have a hotel holiday, I recommend you to choose the all-in-one option. If you want to go to the emergency room, you will either have to walk or wait for the shuttle that departs every 5 to 10 minutes (the sign says every 15 minutes). The hotel was full during the time we stayed and I think the number of staff should be increased. Despite the staff's constant rush, they could not reach everywhere, which caused stress and arguments among them. It was also unpleasant that the employee named Eser scolded 2 staff members in front of everyone at the restaurant. Apart from this incident, we would like to thank the staff for their friendliness and interest. From here, thanks to Hamza Ökkes and Mehmet (at the snack restaurant) who love their job. To summarize briefly: Hotel and rooms 6 out of 10 Food 6 Service 3 Cleanliness 7 My advice is that better hotels can be found for the same price or pay a little more and choose a better, more compact hotel. 78. Comment: We are leaving the Aska Lara Resort Hotel satisfied, as it was our first time there. The food is quite sufficient and delicious. The rooms are cleaned daily and are spacious enough. Kids Club is working fine. Evening animations are very entertaining and successful. Ms. Ayşe, who works in animation, always showed us one-on-one attention. The staff is very friendly. It can be annoying sometimes just because of the location. But shuttle services depart every 5 minutes. 79. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are very clean, whatever they say is the best in this hotel, I can definitely say the quality of the food, in general the hotel is very good in terms of f/p. Special thanks to Burhan Bey for making us feel very special🙏🏻 80. Comment: Soyız ASKA hotel officials During the holiday we spent with my family of 6 at your hotel. As everything was perfect, especially the kindness and sincere behavior of all your employees caused us extraordinary satisfaction. I would like to express my gratitude to DILARA and Barış, whose names I learned, and to all your employees whose names we do not know. I present my respects. Rifat E. Our first visit to this hotel. The complex is clean, animation and entertainment very good. The food is very tasty. The service is very friendly and accommodating. 81. Comment: The hotel is great, the food is amazing, the rooms are nice, they clean them every day anyway. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. Thank you very much. We thank the animation team, especially Ayşe from the team, for everything ❤️ 82. Comment: I had the chance to stay at Aska Lara for 4 days. A hotel that has paid attention to every aspect that is important for a hotel. Great attention is always paid to the cleanliness of the rooms, and the public areas were spotlessly clean. The food arrived piping hot and delicious at all times. The hotel staff is very good at helping you, everything you wonder and want is answered immediately. In addition, their friendly approach makes one feel very sincere, in addition to the quality of the hotel. You can find an event in every area, at every hour, I especially loved the shows held on the beach after dinner. Regarding age, we have found areas that appeal to all ages, from babies to the oldest. I definitely and strongly recommend it, I can't wait to go again :)) 83. Comment: Very nice Hotel, we came with my father for 2 weeks, the food is Oregon, he and the workers are very respectful, smiling and do their job very well. Fatma Hanım and the other room cleaners make the room look brand new every day. I recommend it, we were very pleased. 84. Comment: Considering the price performance, it is a good hotel for its price. The guys at the reception were very attentive. Room cleaning was good. When you first enter for dinner, there is always a smell, it was a little bad, but once you get inside, the smell dissipates. The aquapark section is separate from the hotel and you can go by bus. I didn't know that, to be honest, if I had known, I wouldn't have chosen it, but we didn't have any problems, we waited for the buses for 5 minutes at most. All the waiters were attentive, I would especially like to thank the barista Sema for her friendly approach. 85. Comment: I stayed at your hotel last week and I would like to say that I was very pleased. I was very happy with the friendly and helpful attitude of all your staff, starting from the reception. The cleanliness and comfort of my room was perfect, I felt like I was at home. I would especially like to thank Özge Hanım and Hasibe Chef at the Brasserie for their smiling faces and quality service. The food served at your restaurant was delicious and your spa and pool areas were very comfortable. I enjoyed every moment of it. Thank you for your professional and friendly approach. I look forward to my next stay. 86. Comment: First of all, let me say this: YOU CAN GO TO THE SEA BY BUS! When the bus broke down, we had to walk with our stroller. Özkan, who did room service, had not changed the sheets and had put in the missing bathroom items, so the night shift came and fixed everything again. It is not a family hotel. 18-21 year old kids were drinking at night and banged on our room door at 2.22am. The night manager said, "I'm sorry about our customers who didn't come with their families, we'll talk." The next day and the day after that they were causing chaos at 1am. We were forced to change our room. The only great thing about it is the kids entertainment. Please be informed that you will be returning to the hotel from the sea for at least half an hour for dinner. When I ask a question, everyone says "talk to the guest relation" as if they have agreed. We paid 80,000₺ and couldn't find a sunbed. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!!! 87. Comment: Aska Lara is a hotel I will come back to again and again. We had a great time as a family. There are many great activities for adults and children, we never got bored. Many thanks to the animation team, they are doing a great job!! Special thanks to Zarifa. We will definitely come again. Comment: We received an incredibly caring, friendly and super service from Tuncay Bey at the reception, Kürşat Bey at the service, Barış Bey, and Ceylan Hanım. The rooms, location and guests at the hotel were very good. We will come again for a holiday. Thank you very much for everything, Aska Lara family 🥰 89. Comment: The rooms were very clean. There was no limit to the service. We were absolutely pleased with everything as a family. There are many beautiful places especially for children. The food was delicious, clean and varied. The shows in Otled were very nice and exciting. The activities were very fun and enjoyable. We would like to thank Ms. Gül, Mr. Melih and their team from the animation team, they took very good care of us. 🥰 4. See you next time we come to Askaa lara. 90. Comment: -Do not come here thinking it is right next to the sea, -Especially do not decide that you will be staying in an aparthotel other than a hotel, in a building 500 meters back on a street that is 80 meters away from the annex building. -You should be prepared to set off on the bus to the beach in the middle of the heat, loaded with fish. -I would like you to know that it has a 68 model disco as a club. -However, I would like to point out that it has a restaurant that is far better than many hotels in terms of food service. -The pool area is the most entertaining place for families with children. 91. Comment: The hotel has a nice location, the rooms are clean, the taste is good, but it is very crowded, you have to wait in line everywhere, there are lines in all the bars. You have to go to the pool in the morning, when you go at 10:30 you cannot find a place as the sun loungers are full. 92. Comment: The rooms are very clean, there is no shortage of food in the hotel, it is delicious and spotlessly clean, there are many options. They have caring staff in every area, especially in the lounge bar, Ms. Halide, Mr. Oktay and Mr. Barış were friendly and very caring. I recommend it to everyone. The animation team also had a fun time with their regular events🌼 93. Comment: When I came to Antalya, I liked the exterior appearance of the hotel and researched its website. As I researched and read in the comments, the hotel is very clean and the staff is extremely nice and hardworking. I was extremely pleased with the hotel. I liked the hotel very much. And I was especially pleased with the friendliness, helpfulness and careful introduction of the hotel by Ms. İlayda, who works at the hotel, and Mr. Tuncay, who works at the reception. 94. Comment: We were pleased with the service of our waitress Gül Hanım Hıcran Gökçe, the restaurant service Yunus, Chef Mustafa Çağatay Yılmaz Korkumaz and the managers. We liked your hotel, we will come again, thank you for everything 95. Comment: We chose the hotel for our honeymoon because of its proximity to the airport. We would like to thank you for the refreshments in our room, and I would also like to thank Kezban and Türkan, who helped us a lot during our stay and arranged the room with the same care every time. The food is good but the fact that there is only soup and pasta at night and the options are few is a reason for criticism for such a hotel. There are activities suitable for children, but I cannot say the same for adults. 96. Comment: The hotel is big and nice, but I think it is a bit difficult to go to the beach by bus, if you want to come to the room you have to wait for the bus. I think the variety of food was limited, so I can say that it was not a very satisfactory menu. We stayed at number 1107, the cleaning service was very good, I can say that it was the situation that I was most pleased with. I think the evening entertainment was insufficient. It would have been better if there was live music etc. after the organization was over. The reception at the children's amusement park said it was open until 12 at night but they closed it around 9 in the evening. Would I go there again? I wouldn't. The pool slides were also very ordinary, not fun at all. I didn't think the use of plain colors was nice. 97. Comment: We stayed in Aska Lara for 4 nights and in the Hospital for 5 nights. It was a nightmare experience for us. As a family, we caught germs from the pool. We even spent one night in the hospital in Antalya instead of staying at the hotel. We had a hard time getting ourselves to Istanbul, stopping at the hospital several times along the way. We were admitted to hospital as soon as we arrived in Istanbul. We suffered for days. I don't even want to see the photos of the hotel in my gallery. It was a very, very bad experience. 98. Comment: First of all it is a wonderful hotel. The service is truly top notch. The employees are very friendly. Contrary to what is written, we were not treated differently just because we were local tourists. Our floor attendant, Ms. Suheyla, was extremely friendly and polite. Kids club staff is very friendly. Special thanks to Ms. Zeynep from Kids Club. The bus to the beach leaves every 3 minutes, so it's definitely not a problem. The perfect place for families with children. 99. Comment: I come every year, my annual leave is indispensable, I can say that it is my home, my family in August, I highly recommend the hotel without exaggeration, I don't know what else I can say, everything is perfect, just sell the house and come and have a wonderful holiday, it is worth it. I appreciate and thank your instagram team. I make my birthdays coincide with my vacation every year and they spoil me so much. The hotel is everything. Thank you so much for everything. By the way, I would like to open an extra parenthesis for the friends in the lobby bars, Buse Hanım at the Batiseria bar is magnificent, you don't get this kind of attention from your mother, she is very kind, polite, smiling, friendly and presentable, I visit your bars all the time but where is Buse Hanım this year, I hope she will always work with you, she is a perfect person... Of course, today I met our chef who takes care of the bars, he is a wonderful person... Thank you so much for providing us with service with these decent people and making us feel like a family. If I had a child, I would name him Love, I swear you are loved so much Love. 100. Comment: We come to this hotel 4 times. We are satisfied and leave happy every time. The food is very delicious. The staff is very friendly and good at their jobs. The evening shows are very successful and entertaining. Daytime activities are quite plentiful and active, especially water gym activity. Thanks to the Animation Team. 101. Comment: We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. My purpose of choosing the hotel was to say that it was a child-friendly hotel and that it was said so, but we were wrong. The activities are very limited. There is only one activity for children that can be completed in one day. There are no extra activities that they can do in the remaining days. The food at the hotel was good. I cannot say anything bad about this, but let's come to the main problems. You have to wake up at 7 in the morning and grab the sunbeds in the hotel and in the hotel's Wen't Wild park. Otherwise, you cannot find a place. Everyone throws their towels and sits there for hours with only their towels. Apart from this, the evening activities are very limited. There are no activities after 10 o'clock. Just to let you know, the biggest activity was the match broadcasts. The staff's human relations are really bad, except for a few staff, I can only say that at 11 at night, my child fell asleep by putting the chairs together at the tables on the Wen't Wild side. The staff tried to clear the tables and say that they would. The first annoying situation was that we asked for the room to be cleaned. The cleaning that was done twice was only to fix the bedspreads. The floors were left covered in soil and hair. The balcony was not cleaned. When we told them, they said that they cleaned it again, but the floors were still there. The room was left dirty, the cleaning staff does not knock on the door, I would like you to know from the beginning, they open the door directly with a card, it does not matter what your situation is, this happened to us twice, after entering, housekeeping says it is disrespectful and entering a private area should not be like this, it is unacceptable, even the waiters' approach in the restaurant section is if you are a foreign national, yes you are above reproach, if you want to have a holiday with your family as a Turkish family, I recommend you not to choose the hotel 102. Comment: The hotel has a wonderful team who do a great job in every field, from sales representatives to cleaning staff. The food is diverse and delicious. The rooms are spotlessly clean. We had the opportunity to stay for 3 nights and 4 days, all the staff are working to make your job easier. The pool area is very good, everything for children has been thought of. I suggest you make a reservation without hesitation☺️ 103. Comment: Aska Hotel, our first hotel experience in Antalya, has a great atmosphere and wonderful service. The food and drinks are excellent. Everywhere is spotlessly clean and green, especially the Beach bar is very entertaining. The animations and activities are great. The lobby bar is calm and very decent. The drink concept is great, the staff is very nice. Hasan Bey is helpful and smiling. Oktay Bey and Ferhat are energetic at the Lower Beach bar and Evren Hanım at the Garden bar provide very good service. The shows are generally good, but it would be great if the party was a little more fun. Overall we had a lot of fun, thank you for everything, hope to see you again 104. Comment: I stayed in room 1327. 3rd to this hotel. I was so pleased with my development. I would also like to thank Aska Lara for her sensitive and caring staff. I was so pleased with the importance you give to hygiene and the cleanliness of the rooms that I wish you continued success. 105. Comment: Hotel 4. our arrival. It felt like our home. We have been very pleased with everything for years. Being a child-friendly hotel saves us the trouble of looking for a different hotel every year. It's like a safe haven. The kids club is particularly good. Everything has been thought of to entertain children. I would like to especially thank Ms. Zeynep and Ms. Buket for taking personal care of my daughter ☺️ 106. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel, the location and service were very good, we stayed for 4 nights and 5 days, the food was average. There is no problem except that you have to use a spittoon to get to the pool. We were very pleased with the animation team, they were very friendly and entertaining. We were especially very pleased with Ms. AYŞE, she constantly took care of us, thanks to them our holiday was fun and beautiful, we thank them very much 🙏🏻❣️ 107. Comment: Our first time here with my family. There are many beautiful and fun areas for children. The food was nice and varied. Our rooms were spotless. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I would also like to thank the animation team for the activities they organized and for taking care of us. Also many thanks to animator gule. The evening shows are very entertaining. I would also like to thank the mini club team, they were very interested in our children. We were very pleased with everything. I'm glad we came without hesitation. 108. Comment: It's the first time I've come to this hotel, we had a family holiday, we used all the facilities, they were all great, especially the food and beverage services surprised us, they were both delicious and the service was very fast, the staff was very nice, you can go to the seaside in 90 seconds with the shuttle, you don't have to wait in line in any area except for the ice cream buffet :)) Thank you very much to all the staff, especially to Şükrü, Büyük Samet, Küçük Samet, Haydar HK staff and Guest Relations Staff, they were very attentive to all the guests. See you next year. 109. Comment: We came to Aska for the first time with my friend from Germany for 1 week. It was a very nice holiday experience for us. Our rooms are very nice and the view is also beautiful. A successful service is offered in terms of food and beverage. Especially the beverage concept in the bar is very wide. We would like to thank the nice concept in the lobby bar, the smiling staff, especially Ms. Ecem, the active staff in the Becah bar, Mr. Selçuk and Mr. Ferhat, the coffee concept in the Starbucks bar and the fast service. Time is passing very nicely and quickly, thanks to the whole team. We will come again, thank you Aska team 110. Comment: We will be happy to leave the hotel after staying there for 3 days. A hotel with sufficient facilities for children. Don't be confused by the shuttle service from the hotel to the pool and entertainment areas. You can have a holiday with peace of mind. You never have to wait in line at any snack bar. Our staff takes the order themselves and delivers it to your table quickly. First of all, I would like to thank Chef Yunus Bey and the entire team. See you again. 111. Comment: I had a perfect 4 day holiday. What else could I ask for other than a holiday where I can eat and drink as much as I want (I have to say that we got bored of eating on the last day and only ate fruit) and my child has a safe and fun time at the kids club? I would like to express my special thanks to Buket Hanım at Kids Club. Also, the interest and friendliness of the staff in the restaurants and cafes were very good. Thanks. 112. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel, its food, its room and its cleanliness. Definitely a place to come back to. I would also like to thank the animation team, Mr. Özgür took care of us, thank you. 113. Comment: It was one of the best hotels I have ever been to. Usually in all-inclusive concepts the food is sloppy but here it was quite delicious, thank you to the chefs. I loved the children's activity areas, everything was thought out down to the smallest detail. It was always possible to find the pools and rooms clean. The employees were very attentive and we did not experience any problems. A hotel that I can recommend with peace of mind. I will definitely choose it again. 114. Comment: 4. It is a facility that I have visited many times. It's one of the rare places I leave satisfied every time I visit. It's the only facility I've stayed in without being woken up or disturbed by noise from the next room. With sufficient number of employees, willing employees and good management, I did not see any problems even though the facility was full during the holiday. There is no one trying to show you off or make you look bad, but if you need it, your problem is solved immediately! Thanks to everyone who contributed.. I also congratulate the managers, if desired, they can provide service for years without stepping out of line, the best proof of which is Aska Lara… 115. Comment: "Our holiday at this hotel was beyond our expectations. The staff was extremely warm and friendly, they were very attentive to all our requests and fulfilled everything perfectly. We spent our honeymoon here in May and enjoyed it so much that we brought our whole family with us this time. The hotel facilities and rooms were very clean; they were extremely meticulous about hygiene. The minibar was fully refilled every day and we always had fresh towels available. The drinks were prepared with much better quality and tastier than in many places in Europe. We received service from a professional and friendly team, I definitely recommend it!" 116. Comment: Points we are satisfied with: The cleaning ladies are very sweet. Our room was spotless every day. We were also pleased with the meal. Points we are not satisfied with: You have had very young male guests at your hotel lately. I'm sorry, but groups of 3 or 4 have no place in this hotel. Their intentions are clear. I personally was not bothered by it, but there were many who were bothered by it, and I witnessed that too. Some of your staff (and also your waiters) are very sloppy and indifferent. They do not keep their distance from customers. Because we called a taxi from the Uber application, we were followed and stopped by the Kemerağzi taxi company. Please show some attitude in such situations. My wife and I were very scared. I am also a child of this country and a true Turk. What is it that we rip each other off instead of supporting each other? How much is 60€ round trip to Antalya Bazaar? What kind of prices are these? Please find a solution to this situation, otherwise you will lose more customers because of these bullies. 117. Comment: This is our first time coming to the hotel. The food and drinks were good and the rooms were clean. There are different activities during the day and they are fun. The animation team is friendly. We would like to thank Ayşe in particular. We will come again!! 118. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel as a family. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Having a Starbucks in the hotel is a different experience and it's very good. The pool could be given more hygienic attention. The rooms are very clean. The animation team is very good and experienced, see you next year!! 119. Comment: The food was delicious, the staff was always smiling, I was very pleased, we were very pleased with the staff, especially Mr. Almas and Mr. Yunus, thank you very much. Cons: There is no good ventilation system in the restaurant in the main building, there is a smell of smoke at the entrance and the pools are very hot as if you are entering thermal water. I would like to state again that we were very pleased with Mr. Almas, he provides very fast service and works everywhere, as far as I have observed, he is one of the best people there. Comment: We came across this hotel completely by chance, I think it is a perfect price-performance hotel, we were generally satisfied 121. Comment: hello aska hotel we came for the first time with our big family the hotel is unbelievably beautiful we will definitely recommend it and we will definitely come the main restaurant service launge fly restaurant service aska chef service fantastic excellent and it was great thank you to mehmet kurt eda ertunga and their chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper kaya who took care of us the staff is very smiling and fast friendly ramazan tez ercan inci thank you for having such a staff everyone is great great service also thanks to ahmet davaz bey 122. Comment: I came to the hotel with my family for the 3rd time. We are very pleased with our arrival. I also recommended it to my friends. The rooms were spotlessly clean, the food was varied and delicious, and met our expectations in every way. I would like to thank the animation team very much. We thank Ms. Gül for her interest in us. We would also like to thank Mr. Melih, whom we met before, for his interest. The shows are great, very nice. See you again, aska. 123. Comment: All the employees are friendly and sweet-talking. Helpful and caring. The bar section is excellent, I drank my coffees at the bar. The staff at the bar are hardworking and helpful. But my priority is smiling faces. And of course, each one is delicious. Even though I don't like hotel holidays that much, I enjoyed being here. I didn't like that there was a jet ski right next to the swimming area in the sea. Novice users can drive into the floating group and it can be seriously dangerous. 124. Comment: 2nd to the hotel. Our development. We were very pleased again, just like the first time we came. The welcome at the entrance was very friendly and good. The food was extremely varied and delicious. It was also clean and tidy. The rooms were very clean and spacious. We were very pleased. The staff was very friendly, positive and provided quick service. The shows were good too. We were not bored during our stay at the hotel. There was no limit or flaw in the service. I definitely recommend it. We would like to thank the rose from animation. Hope to see you again aska 🥰😍 125. Comment: Being far from the sea is tiring. There is a shuttle service but it is a bit far. Evening activities are also at the pool area. Eat, drink and run around. Take the bus. I took the shuttle 6 times today. The staff is very friendly and do their job properly. The pool is clean, the sea is full of small fish biting, the beach is sandy, the rooms are clean and spacious. If you call them to renew the wardrobe, they don't do it. The food was good. They have a Turkish night on Wednesdays and serve Turkish dishes. They all tasted great. 126. Comment: The most beautiful, the best, the highest quality hotel in Kundu region, we came again, we will come again, we will always come, the hotel is very nice, the service quality is magnificent, fantastic, all the staff are smiling, the restaurant service and the panorama bar are magnificent, thank you to Mehmeti Karadag Ekin Menevse and of course Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Mustafa Cagatay, thank you Ramazan Tez, Ahmet Davaz, Ercan Inci, thank you very much, they brought an incredible, nice, friendly staff, we will recommend it to everyone and we will come again, also the Breseri bar service was very nice, 127. Comment: As my first experience, I can say it is perfect, I recommend it to those who haven't come here yet, with its cleanliness and friendly staff. The events and shows held at the hotel were very nice and entertaining. We would like to thank the animation team for taking care of us. The food was nice and varied. The staff was friendly, respectful and attentive. Our rooms were spotlessly clean. You can come without any doubt. Thank you aska staff🥰 128. Comment: The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. Our favorite from the animation team was Zühra, she took great care of our children and made us parents feel comfortable. Entertainment areas and pools met our request. The food was delicious. The route to be taken again for the holiday has been determined. 129. Comment: We were very pleased with everything, including the service, hygiene, and the sincerity of the employees. We would like to thank Mr. Selçuk at the Aqua pool bar for his interest in his work and his friendliness. We would also like to thank the bar manager Ms. Ebru and the waitress Ms. Havva. You can choose Aska Lara for your holiday without any hesitation. 130. Comment: Otero I'll our arrival at the hotel from the day we arrived everything was perfect and nice the main restaurant service was fantastic fast great smiling staff friendly took care of us especially the restaurant chief yilmaz korkmaz yunus güven thank you very much waiter serhat babur is great ramazan tez and murat turute thank you for having such nice staff we will definitely come next year and recommend it the launge sinek restaurant service was perfect aska sef sinek restaurant service was great 131. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel, it was perfect in every way. The employees are very attentive, very good, they are all smiling, especially Mehmet Ali, Havva, we thank them all for everything👍👍👍 132. Comment: Aska lara hotel 5. We stayed in room 1632 it was magnificent the food was wonderful the garden bah e was very nice the hotel was really nice it got even more beautiful the restaurant service aska chef service lounge bistro service was perfect it was fantastic thank you to cetin akcan ekin menevse who took care of us and chefs yilmaz korkmaza murat turute also many thanks to ramazan tez and his team we also thank ramazan tez for taking care of us thank you to everyone for the perfect smiling service 133. Comment: Hotel facilities are sufficient. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms need some maintenance. Thanks to Mehmet, one of the restaurant service staff, for his polite and friendly service. 134. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Hotel, we really came by looking at the comments, the hotel is magnificent, the food is delicious, the restaurant service is very fast and fantastic, the launge restaurant service is amazing, Aska Sef restaurant service is perfect, thank you very much to Eda Ertunha and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Alper Kaya who took care of us, they are very attentive and friendly, also thank you very much to Ramazan Tez, Murat Turut and Ercan Inci, they have professional staff, they are all very smiling, we will come again next year 135. Comment: Hello Aksa family your hotel is very nice great magnificent we will definitely come again and recommend it really smiling friendly staff main restaurant service fantastic fast nice launge restaurant service perfect Aksa chef restaurant is great mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut thank you chefs yilmaz korkmaz alper sitki kaya yunus güven thank you ramazan tez ercan inci murat turute also thank you they have smiling staff we will come again love aska hotel 136. Comment: This is our second time coming to Aska hotel, everything was better than the previous one, the service, the garden side was great, we will definitely come again next year and recommend it, the restaurant service was very good, the lounge restaurant service was perfect, the Aska Sef restaurant service was magnificent, Ekin Menevse and the chefs Yılmaz Korkmaz Yunus Guven and the managers Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci, Murat Turute, thank you very much for providing such a smiling service, the lounge bar Halide Panaroma Buse service and services were very good 137. Comment: The hotel with the largest beach I have ever seen. It is so big that there are 5 pools, a pier and 3 restaurants (Aska Chef. Lounge Bar. Garden. Ice cream.. You can only go to Deniz by Shatel, it takes 3 minutes. The food is delicious, there are many varieties… 138. Comment: We are currently staying at the hotel. The food is very good, the staff is very good, the bar staff is very friendly. Whatever you want comes to you right away, they are very friendly. Especially the waiters Selçuk Mevlut and Melisa were very attentive. Sureyha 3 from the cleaning staff. We stayed on floor number 1329. Thank you very much for everything, I only have one complaint, the shop assistant at the hotel was very shameless and was shouting while my child was looking at the devil around, this is not suitable for such a beautiful hotel, I think it needs to be changed immediately, you should not buy anything from there, other than that, the hotel was great, I recommend it 139. Comment: * The most positive aspect: First of all, all the staff are very polite and friendly...👏👏 * There is a parking problem, it is insufficient, the indoor parking lot and the outdoor parking lot are very small. indoor parking capacity 30 vehicles, outdoor parking in front of the lobby 20 vehicles... You have to park your car on the roadside outside the hotel... (The Most Negative Side ❗️) * THERE IS NO COLD WATER in any bar or restaurant in the hotel... You can only find the coldest water of the hotel in the patisserie section to drink (Negative aspect ❗️) * Daily cleaning in the rooms is insufficient and careless, the materials that need to be completed as standard are not completed properly (Negative aspect ❗️) * Drinks in cardboard cups are ok outdoors, I understand that, but inside the hotel, especially the bartenders serve drinks in glass cups without any effort, especially whiskey or vodka etc. It is very bad to give drinks in big fruit juice glasses (Negative aspect ❗️) I hope you improve the negative aspects so that you can be recommended.... 140. Comment: We stayed in the honeymoon suite room number 1785. When you enter the hotel, you are greeted with a smiling face. The rooms are clean, their attention and care for their customers is truly magnificent. We would especially like to thank Ms. Türkan for her interest and smiling face. If you want to have a nice holiday, I think you should look no further, you are in the right place. You should choose.🤗 141. Comment: First of all, the parking area is insufficient. There are 10 covered parking lots and 6-7 open parking lots. The food is repetitive considering the day and meals. I did not find it sufficient. The distance between the beach and the hotel is by bus, but it leaves every 5-10 minutes to get to the hotel, get dressed, etc. It was a bit of a hassle. You have to walk through an overpass between the hotel and the main building as blocks A-B-C. We unknowingly booked the room, which was a bit annoying. But when you look at it in general, we can say that it was price-performance ratio. Have a nice holiday 142. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel but we were very pleased, especially the animation team was very good and attentive, I would like to thank Mr. Özgür from the animation team and Ms. Tuğba from the cleaning team always does her job very well, we are thinking of coming again… 143. Comment: We had a nice holiday. The hotel staff is friendly and attentive to guests. Ms. Sema is very caring and helpful towards customers, we conveyed our problems without any hesitation. The hotel's strongest point is its food and location. Other than that, it's a stereotypical 5-star hotel. 144. Comment: First of all, hello everyone. We checked in to Aska Lara Hotel on Monday, August 5th. It was a nice welcome. Thank you. We stayed in the Anex building. You have to walk about 3 minutes to the main building. It may be difficult for families with small children. We couldn't enter the first room given to us because of the smell of cigarettes. They came and changed it immediately. We moved to the other building. The first day, everything was good and the cleaning was good. The other days, they shook it despite our warning, the cleaning was not very good. The hotel's food was quite adequate at the main restaurant, thank you, but don't go to the a la carte restaurant we reserved, it's a waste of time, the ones in the main building cost between 20 and 40 euros. I recommend Mon spa. I can say that Züleyha and Miko are very successful massage experts. There is a shuttle service from the hotel to the beach. There was no problem. They come without waiting too long. I have to mention one thing, if you are coming with small children, the front part is very crowded, it may be fun for them, but we did not have any fun at the hotel, we only played volleyball, the slides were good. The shows in the evenings were mediocre except for the motor show and the Michel Jackson show. There was no entertainment for young people. While other hotels were having fun, we watched from a distance. Brother Hamza, the evening service in front of the beach, is a very hardworking, respectful person who tried to get everywhere, thank you. The women who make pastries are very hardworking, but their working order should be improved, they have a hard time keeping up in that heat. The beach was nice in the mornings and then it was very muddy and dirty. There is definitely a bar on the pier. In that heat, guests are carrying drinks from the bar on the beach, this does not suit you Aska Lara Resort. We had our holiday with its good and bad things. I would like to thank everyone for their services. Comment: Everything was thought out down to the smallest detail, especially for our children. In this sense, I would like to thank Ms. Gül and the animation team very much. The food and service were close to perfect. All of the staff are very dedicated. Thank you for this happiness that was brought to life in such a short time. 146. Comment: We came to this hotel upon recommendation. We can say that it is a mid-level hotel and it did not meet our expectations. The cleaning is very good. I cannot say that the food is very good. It is very difficult to find a place on the garden side, it is a small area, when we said we could not find a place to sit, the chefs did not care at all, to name a few, we met Mr. Arif at the beach bar, the animators were very good, Ayşe Sevgül, Melike and especially Mr. Nemo made us feel like we were one of the family, it was very fun 147. Comment: Among the hotels I can recommend, it is number 1. The food, presentation and service were excellent. I couldn't choose what to eat, those who are afraid of gaining weight should not enter the kitchen😋 especially Melih from the animation team, your energy is amazing, I hope you don't lose your energy😍 Gül and Ayşe, you are wonderful, I will never forget my threesome, Gül Hanım, who also takes care of my daughter, will never forget you in nature🥰 The only problem is that you have to go to the beach by bus, but the staff fills this gap. Thank you aska lara team ❤️❤️❤️🙏 148. Review: We recently stayed at Aska Lara resort and spa for 10 nights. This is our second stay at ASKA, everything from hospitality to entertainment to house cleaning service is under control and perfect. Both my daughters had a wonderful holiday and it was definitely one to remember. I would like to thank Ayşe Kart especially for all the efforts and warm greetings this morning. We celebrated my husband's birthday, they did a wonderful job decorating our room with cake, champagne and many other extras while we were away. Thank you Ayse Kart! We stayed with Aska Lara resort and spa for 10 nights recently. This is our second time staying with a ASKA and they never fail, from hospitality to entertainment to domestic cleaning service, everything is in check and outstanding. Both of my daughters have had an amazing holiday and definitely one to remember. I would like to thank in particular Ayṣe Kart, for all the hard work that has been put in and warm greetings of a morning. We celebrated my husbands birthday while away they worked amazingly with decorating our room with cake, champagne and lots of other extras. Thank you Ayşe Kart! 149. Comment: Aska Hotel is our first experience, we came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, the activities are very nice, the food is delicious, the main restaurant service, aska chef restaurant service and the lounge restaurants service were perfect, fast and smiling, thank you to serhat babur who took care of us, of course the chefs yilmaz korkmaz and yunus given, also thank you very much, thank you very much to ramazan tez and murat turute for having such beautiful and smiling staff, also thank you to halide for the lounge bar service, we will come again, see you soon, also thank you very much to ahmet davaz bey 150. Comment: This was our third visit to the hotel and as always we were very pleased. The rooms, the restaurant and everywhere were spotlessly clean. We are very pleased with all the staff. The hotel is suitable for both adults and children, there are many activity areas for children, and there are parties for adults. It's not a hotel where you'll get bored. Glad we chose again🙏🥰 151. Comment: We checked out of the hotel today. We came to this hotel in 2018 and it has not lost any of its quality in 6 years. We are glad we had the chance to come again... Cleanliness, food, panorama bar, staff, animation were amazing... Food, desserts, breakfast, restaurants by the pool, gözleme, and many more things I can't think of. Thanks to all employees who contributed.. I hope we see each other again 152. Comment: Hello, I'm Hiranur. Hotel Cannot be described, must be experienced. If I tell you, the spell will be lost. It is best to experience and experience every beauty in person. That's what we do. Happy holidays everyone. I recommend it to you too. 153. Comment: We stayed in room 1728. Even though it was our first time here, we were very pleased. The room cleaning was very good. The food was great. The floor staff was very attentive. Thank you very much, hope to see you again. The hotel is very hygienic, I recommend it. 154. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, the food is really great, the staff is smiling and fast, the restaurant service was perfect, the launge restaurant service was great, Aska Sef restaurant service was fantastic, many thanks to Melike Taşkan and Sef Yilmaz Korkumaz from the restaurant department, they took great care of us, also many thanks to Ramazan Tez, Ercan Inci and Murat Turute, they have very nice staff, they are smiling, we will come again and recommend 155. Comment: Enjoy your holiday in the best and most beautiful hotel of Kundu region, everything is very nice and perfect, the staff is very friendly and fast, the restaurant service is fantastic, the launge restaurant service is perfect, thank you serhat babur, very good, fast and friendly, of course the chefs, especially yilmaz korkmaz, berkant kırik, yunus güven, very caring, professional chefs, thank you murat turut, ercan inci, we are glad to have you, we will come again next year and recommend love aska hotel 156. Comment: Hotel we come first hotel very nice great incredible restaurant service fantastic lounge restaurant service wanderfull aska sinek restaurant service wonderful personnel very smiling friendly mehmet Kurt eda ertunha neslihan aykut great service chef yilmaz korkmaz yunus güven alper kaya great thanks also Ramazan tez écran inci thanks for being such smiling professional personnel 157. Comment: We came here after reading the comments, it is really a beautiful hotel, fantastic service, excellent service, the main restaurant service was excellent, many thanks to melike taşana and sefi yilmaz korkmaz, also thanks to ramazan tez and ercan inci for having such a cheerful staff, we will come again next year and recommend 158. Comment: The evening food court smells terrible and you can't eat, it disgusts you, the sea wasn't very good either, it suddenly becomes deep and it's very dangerous, the towels in the room also smelled, apart from that the animators were warm-blooded, fun people, Gül Ayşe Melih were very good, that's all my comments, those who are obsessed with food shouldn't come, they will starve, there isn't even Netflix in the rooms 159. Comment: We have been very pleased since the first day we came here, we have not had any problems, the cleaning is really good, the helpful ladies are very sweet and helpful, the food is very good, it is very clean and incredibly careful, there is no chance of you going hungry here, thank you for everything, and without forgetting Aska Lara's family, we would like to thank Mr. Serkan in the spa department 😂♥️ 160. Comment: The best hotel in Kundu region, perfect holiday, restaurant service is really perfect but when it comes to food, the same things are always served, there is no change, the food needs to be changed constantly, the animation was not enough but the staff is very smiling and the service is fast, many thanks to the chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Yunus Guven, they took care of us, also many thanks to Mehmet Emin, we received very good service 161. Comment: The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, the service is top quality, the pool area and the hotel are very clean, Ms. Ecem at the panorama bar is very attentive, the service is very fast. The service at the Braserie bar is very good, the service is fast, the attention to customers is very good 162. Comment: We came to the hotel with our family, the hotel is incredible, beautiful, wonderful, main restaurant service, launge, sinek restaurant service, aska sef, sinek restaurant service is fantastic, incredible, fast, beautiful and smiling, eda ertunga and their chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, thank you very much, ramazan tez, ercan inci, thank you very much for having such professional, smiling staff, also thank you ahmet davaz, 163. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank Mustafa TUKSAL from the sales office for his interest and attention during the reservation process, and Ayşe Hanım from the animation team for her interest and attention. We were pleased with every corner of the facility during our stay. The bar, restaurant and animation teams are very good and the food is delicious. I hope we will meet again next year and be this pleased. 164. Comment: The food is good compared to all-inclusive hotels. The staff is friendly, especially Ms. Sema's wonderful cocktails made our time here beautiful, the hotel is enjoyable (evening activities could be more diverse). We were able to stay in the annex rooms because we made a last minute arrangement. It wasn't very good but it was ok, it's not far from the main building. My suggestion is 165. Comment: We came to Aska Lara with our large family. Everything was perfect from the day we arrived. The main restaurant service, Aska Chef restaurant service and lounge, Sinek restaurant services and bar services were fantastic. Many thanks to Yasar Zeybek and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz and Murat Turut who took care of us. Also, many thanks to Ramazan Tez for creating the Boyle team. We will definitely come next year, especially for Yilmaz Korkmaz and Chef. 166. Comment: Aska hello first experience fantastic hotel best hotel I will come again next year with my family restaurant service fantastic fast friendly staff mehmetali karadag fantastic service launge service fantastic fast friendly staff aska chefs … 167. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday for a week again this year at the Aska Resort and Spa Hotel in Antalya Lara! My family and I, especially our two daughters, made wonderful memories at this beautiful hotel. This time, I also had the opportunity to have a short chat with the Chairman of the Board of Aska Hotels, Mr. Ramazan Aslan. He is a wonderful person and is very proud of his team who make the hotel great. The hotel's housekeeping team does a really neat job of cleaning, the ladies are great! Thanks to the helpful staff, every moment was enjoyable. The food appeals to every palate with dozens of flavors. Thanks to the full programmes at the hotel, every day was active and fun. We had an unforgettable holiday thanks to the family atmosphere, comfort and friendly service. 168. Comment: The hotel is really nice, both in terms of location and the staff are really friendly, especially the restaurant service. We are very pleased. They are really warm-hearted. We would like to thank especially Chef Fatih Mengilli and Yunus, who have been looking after us for the last 3 days, they were really kind to us. We thank them for their service. 169. Comment: Everything was absolutely perfect and wonderful, the service, the approach of the employees, the attention, the services, the animation team and the shows they prepared were very enjoyable, I had a great week, I hope I can come again, the only problem is that transportation is a problem for those who come from the center without a vehicle, and it can be a problem for returning, other than that everything was absolutely wonderful, 170. Comment: I had a nice holiday. I would like to thank all staff members who contributed. There is always interest and smiling faces. Special thanks to Elif, Melisa, and Zeynep at Patisserie. Endless thanks to Bar Waiter Eren, Panoroma employees, the staff who always left my room clean, and all the staff whose names I don't know who greeted me with a smile. 171. Comment: The animation team was very attentive, especially Mr. Melih and Ms. Gül, even if there was only 1 person, the activities continued, room cleaning did not cause any problems, the food was good, the activity area was very nice, it was a very large area, the sea was clean but it got deep quickly (172). Comment: The room was clean and very spacious. We stayed with peace of mind. The hotel is very hygienic. I recommend it to everyone. My only discomfort is that Israeli goods are sold everywhere in the hotel. Algida, Starbucks etc. It is a shame for humanity to see that these are so widespread in Turkey while we boycott them in Europe 173. Comment: The slides are very nice. The games at night are fun. A lot of things are free. This is also a plus. You can come here. Suitable for your family. I recommend it. The animation team was good. The food was delicious. 174. Comment: We were generally satisfied with the hotel. Their activities were plentiful. The cleaning was good. The sea and pools were very nice. The employees were friendly. Kids club activities were very nice. We were especially pleased with the attention and care shown by Ms. Zühra to my son. 175. Comment: I definitely recommend it. It is a very nice hotel, the staff from A to Z are all very interested and smiling... They do their best to please you 😊🫶🏽 176. Comment: The hotel was very nice. The rooms were also clean. All the staff are very caring, respectful and friendly. Animation activities were nice and fun. Thanks to the animation team for taking care of us. See you again, love 🥰 177. Comment: The hotel location is very good. The rooms were spotlessly clean. The food is delicious and very diverse. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The animation shows were very nice and entertaining. Also thanks to Gül and her team from the animation team. We would also like to thank Nesim for his interest. Thanks for everything aska Lara, see you next year. 178. Comment: This is our first time coming to the hotel. The hotel is very friendly and nice. The staff is friendly and the rooms are good. Especially the Animation Team is good and interested in their job. We will come again, see you!!! 179. Comment: Everything was great, a true family hotel. All the employees are very friendly. The meals are filling and perfect for families. 180. Comment: I can say that it is really the best in terms of price and premium among the hotels in Kundu Lara region. The attention and interest is very fast, the communication is perfect, the animators do their job very well. “Thank you to Ms. Ayşe” It is a nice hotel for families with children… Thanks to all the staff 181. Comment: I would like to thank all the staff who hosted us during our 4 night stay at the hotel. My daughter also thanks her sisters in the mini club for their interest :) Everything was great. 182. Comment: We came with 3 friends. We liked it very much, we're glad we came. The animated shows are great. We would like to thank Gül Hanım and Zeynep Hanım from the animation department for their interest. See you again, aska. 183. Comment: I would like to thank the staff and animation team for their friendly attitude and attention from the day we entered the hotel until we left. The entertainment was great, especially the section for children. The rooms and pool were clean. The food was very good. 184. Comment: A wonderful hotel, very clean, very delicious food, all the staff are very good people, from the gardener to the senior executives. I wish you continued success, thank you very much for everything 185. Comment: The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned daily, the pool and slides were nice, the beach was clean, the activities were very fun, it is a hotel where you can come with your family. 186. Comment: The rooms were spotlessly clean. The staff was very friendly and energetic. The evening shows were also very good. The food was delicious and very varied. A hotel where families can come without hesitation. There are many event activities and party activity areas. It is one of the hotels I would choose again. See you soon, love Lara. :))) 187. Comment: This is a hotel we have been coming to for years and we are very pleased. Especially as a family with children, the kids club is one of our favorite areas. With their smiling faces and sincerity, Zeynep Hanım and Buket Hanım enable us to entrust our child with peace of mind. Thanks. 188. Comment: Room no:1473 A perfect hotel in a great location, we enjoyed it very much. We have never had any problems in terms of cleaning. Their customer care is very good. A place I would choose again. 189. Comment: We would like to thank the Reception staff at Aska Lara Hotel, especially Gökhan and İhsan and their team, they hosted us very well.|We would also like to thank the cleanliness of the hotel and most importantly the food. We are very pleased. I recommend this hotel. 190. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel. They were very good at cleaning. The pools and the sea were very nice. The mini club and activities were very nice. Especially Ms. Cemilenur at the Kids Club had a very good interest and attention towards my son. We were very pleased with him. 191. Comment: An incredible holiday in a fantastic hotel, service, great friendly staff, delicious food, playgrounds and many activities, the main restaurant, laungee, bistro, Aska Chef, sinek, the service in the restaurants and bars was very fast and fantastic, the friendly staff took care of everyone, it was great, Ekin Menevse Gul Dag, Yusuf Demir, Mehmet Goz, Halide and Zeynep in the bars, Ebru and Eylem Kurtul, the restaurant chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut, Alper Kaya, Volkan Guler, also the managers, endless thanks to Ramazan Tez, very nice staff, the food is delicious and wonderful, and many workers we can't mention, thank you very much to everyone, we will come again next year, we will definitely recommend it, we will come especially for Yilmaz Korkmaz, Chef 192. Comment: We checked into the hotel for a 4-night stay. Although we did not book a family room, the staff at the reception took special care and moved us to the annex family room. I can't help but thank you for this situation. The main restaurant food is very delicious but the variety should be increased a bit. The staff is as attentive and caring as possible. Even though it is an annex building, there is a shuttle service to the pools and you don't have to wait long. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel is the pools are insufficient, you can't swim comfortably and the pools are very hot. I would especially like to thank Ms. Dilara who works at the pier bar in the annex building. I had the best cocktail during my holiday thanks to her. Thank you for your smiling face and attention. Comment: We checked in to the hotel on April 10th, we had arranged it through Jolly so we checked in early. To share our experiences: - Food: The variety and taste of the food is very good, and the desserts are also very diverse. All products are fresh and beautiful. - Bar/Alcohol: They use products like Gilbey's in their cocktails, but we didn't find the bartending to be very successful. For example, when we ordered Long Island iced tea, no scale/shaker was used and because it was random, the alcohol content was very high, making the cocktail taste bad. - Service: The employees are very attentive and we did not experience any problems, they supported us with all our problems. - Additionally, there is a lobby in the hotel where you can get Starbucks coffee, we liked it very much. - Location: When it comes to location, although we specifically called both the tour company and the hotel to ask, they said that it is very close to the sea and that we can reach it by a golf cart-style transportation. However, without our knowledge, we were booked into a separate complex behind the hotel and we had to travel from the hotel to the sea by a small bus/shuttle. Well, not really close. Although it provides the ultra all-inclusive concept very well with its food, service and room facilities, we were shocked when we first arrived at the hotel due to the misinformation about its location. 194. Comment: The animation team is very entertaining, especially Ms. Gül, she takes great care of the children and they had a lot of fun and activities with our daughter. The rooms are clean and the size is perfect for families. There are enough tables in the main restaurant and there is a wide variety of food. 195. Comment: First of all, as someone who cares about hygiene, the cleanliness of the rooms and all sections, the smiling and extremely respectful staff, the great entertainment of the animation team, the positive energy, the wide variety of delicious food, it is a pleasant holiday facility where you can stay comfortably with your family... 196. Comment: I came to the hotel with my family for the 2nd time. We like our development very much. There are plenty of activity areas for children. There are parties and activities for adults during the day. The staff is very respectful. We would like to thank the animation team for their interest. See you again aska😍 197. Comment: It deserves 5 stars with everything including room cleanliness, delicious food, friendly staff and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. We stayed in room 2607 in the Anex building. Especially Ms. Yüksel was very sweet-talking and very helpful in every matter. See you again next year:) 198. Comment: The hotel's food, rooms, pools, sea and staff are excellent. We stayed for 7 nights. Recently we took a boat tour from the Love Holidays company in the hotel. Mr. Oktay helped us choose a tour that was exactly what we needed. Thanks to the hotel staff and love holidays. 199. Comment: We have been at the hotel for 2 days and we are very pleased with the service concept at the hotel. The staff works hard to provide good service and help you. I would also like to thank the receptionist, Mr. Tuncay. The food and cocktails at Aska Chef Snack Restaurant are great, I recommend you to eat here 😊 200. Comment: I came to the hotel for the first time, everything is very nice, the food is great. The pool and sea areas are also very good. The animation team is very good at their job, see you next year!! 201. Comment: We are very lucky to have a holiday in such a hotel fantastic service excellent service staff main restaurants and lounge bistro aska cheff sinek restaurant and bars service was perfect it was great lang bar halide and zeynep offered very nice drinks also restaurants chefs yilmaz korkmaz yunus geven murat turut mustafa çağatay bar chef ebru tufan kurtul aksiyon also thank you mr ramazan tez was very interested in us also thank you ekin menevse in the children's section her service with children was great including the children's club reception thank you very much everyone i can't name especially yilmaz korkmaz chef we will come again next year for the bar by the way the food is great delicious we will recommend it to everyone in the Netherlands hope to see you next year 202. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel in general, the food was varied and tasty, the staff was friendly, the rooms were cleaned regularly, I am very pleased with this, we also thank Özgür from the animation team for doing his best to make our holiday enjoyable, have a nice holiday 203. Comment: I bought a room from Aska Lara River Suits by mistake. I asked Mr. Ihsan about upgrading my room, he was very helpful. Cana is confident in the personnel. The room is nice and comfortable. The location is good, close to the sea. I recommend this place to everyone. 204. Comment: We came to Aska hotel for the first time, it is simply a magnificent hotel, we will recommend it to everyone, the main restaurant service, Aska cheff sineck restaurant service, launge bistro service and bar service were magnificent, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Cem Hanım and Yılmaz Korkuza who took care of us 205. Comment: Disgrace. We were not allowed in because we arrived early for our reservation. Even the barriers were not opened. We couldn't even talk to the reception. If you notice how much I used it! If you want to be disgraced with your money in such an expensive place, come! Hospitality is zero! When we talked on the phone and said we wanted to cancel, they said we could come at 8am and cancel. Disgrace all the way. I can't find anything to say. I never recommend it. 206. Comment: Everything in the hotel was clean and tidy, the food was varied enough, the hours were well thought out, the room was cleaned daily, the animation and shows were generally good and entertaining, I am thinking of coming again. And I would like to thank Mr. Özgür from the animation team 207. Comment: We liked the hotel very much. The complex (pool and beach) is very nice and it is very easy to get to the beach by bus. We never had to wait more than 2 minutes. The bakery was our favorite place. We finished the evening here very nicely. Waiter Osman Bey made our day better every time. We thank him and the hotel staff. We would happily visit this hotel again. 208. Comment: We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. We came as a honeymoon couple. It was a holiday that we were pleased with and had fun in every sense. We were also pleased that the majority of the hotel was family. Thank you. 209. Comment: We stayed at the hotel in room 1530 for 7 nights and had a really nice experience. There are many options at the open buffet and the food is very good. There is a wonderful aqua park at the Wet&Wild Park. The staff is very well-intentioned and smiling. I would especially like to mention the skater waiter friends Hakan at the lounge bar, Halide Hanım, Ferhat Yıldırım, Emircan Ozkan, Yigit Mehmet. They were very helpful. I would like to thank all of them very much during the holiday. I would also like to thank the lifeguard Hasan Gokce and the other staff that I have forgotten. I definitely recommend you to try this hotel. Thank you for everything. See you soon. 210. Comment: Rooms, pool and restaurant area are clean. There are areas where children can have fun. The food is delicious. All of the staff are friendly and polite. We would like to thank the entire Aska Lara family. 211. Comment: Very nice family hotel, friendly staff, good room cleaning, thank you very much to the animation team, thank you Can for taking care of us 212. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was child-friendly, it had incredible service, food, cleanliness, everything was great. We are very pleased, the kids club children's activities are beyond perfect, we are glad we chose Aşka Lara 👍 213. Comment: The professional and quick resolution of the problem we encountered by one of the hotel employees, Eylem Çelik, deserves praise and appreciation from her superiors. is continuing. We would like to thank Gül and Özgür from the animation team for their warm attitude and the colour they added to our holiday... 214. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel. The rooms were very comfortable and clean, the hotel has several pools. The staff is friendly and quite fast. The evening shows of the Animation Team are quite enjoyable and the team is quite successful. There are many daytime activities and you will never get bored. 215. Comment: We came to the hotel for the first time. We stayed for 1 week and it was generally nice. The rooms are clean and the staff does a good job. Only the food could have been more varied and the smell of food was permeating the restaurant. The animation team is friendly and good at their job. We would especially like to thank Fırat and Ayşe from the animation team. We want to see Ayşe again!!! 216. Comment: The hotel is generally good. The employees are very caring. We especially thank our friend Mehmet Emin Selçuk. For doing his job in the best possible way. Love 217. Comment: We were very pleased with everything about the hotel. All our requests were met immediately. We were surprised at those who made negative comments. Honestly, Aska Lara is a place you should come and experience for yourself. We would like to thank you very much for your interest in us from animation to rose. See you again Aska. 218. Comment: Beach bar staff was very polite. They were very helpful at the bar. They were very friendly and smiling. Thank you for everything Beach bar team. We would like to thank the bartender Mr. Hüsamettin and Ms. Emine for their interest. 219. Comment: The service in general, the variety of restaurants, the animation activities for children were of high quality and unlimited. I would especially like to thank Zühra for her interest. 🙏 220. Comment: We came to Omelet for the first time and liked it very much, the food is great, delicious, the playgrounds are very nice, the mosquito restaurants are incredible, the main restaurant and the lounge, Aska Chef, the restaurant and the bars, the beach bar and Cihan, the lounge bar, Halide and Zeynep, the service was incredible, fast and nice, in one word, it was great, fantastic, Ekin, Menevse, Cetin, Akcan, the restaurant chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, Yunus, Guven, Marat Turut, thank you very much to all of them, they are all very caring, especially for Yilmaz Chef, we will really come next year, we are here, he made us feel at home, the hotel is really beautiful, 221. Comment: Every day of our 3-day holiday was fun-filled. The shows were good. There are many activities that can be done. All the staff, especially the animation team, are friendly and attentive. 222. Comment: The hotel is a real children's hotel, with a pool and lots of entertainment. They take very good care of the children. We would especially like to thank Ms. Cemilenur, who works at the Kids Club, for her interest and smiling face :) 223. Comment: We had a family holiday and we will leave happily, thank you.. Room cleaning was very nice and attentive 7. Our room was on the first floor and we were very pleased. We would like to thank our floor attendant, Gülten Abla. There are things we would like to add, tonight was our last day, special thanks to Halide Hanım from the lounge bar, Taner Bey, Zeynep Hanım, may your smiling faces never disappear, I open a separate parenthesis (thanks also to skater Hakan Bey who did not make us feel alone with his treats from the poolside) 224. Comment: Everything was perfect and the staff gave a very good service. The reception was very helpful with information, especially Ms. Ihsan and Ms. Merve. Comment: All the employees were very sweet, I would like to thank Ms. Sema in particular. It was exactly as I expected, except that the shuttle from the main building to the beach got boring after a while and simple food like popcorn was charged. 226. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Hotel, such a fantastic holiday, incredible beautiful food, wonderfully delicious, we will definitely come again next year, the main restaurant service, Aska chef service and lounge bistro service were superb, everything we wanted came immediately and quickly, thank you to Serhat Babur and Mekselina who took care of us, they are very good and smiling chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, Murat Turut, they are very good, also the bar service was very good, Halide Hanım's cocktails are great, their chef Ebru is very friendly, thank you very much to the management, Ahmet Davaz Bet and Ramazan Tez Cook, thank you 227. Comment: Greetings, today is the 5th of Aska Lara. Everything is great today, the food is wonderful. The employees are very caring. I would like to thank the employee named Mehmet Ali, who is very friendly and caring. See you next year.💕💔💞 228. Comment: Food, rooms, everything is very nice. There are different animation shows every day. The activities and parties are great fun. Thanks to Zeyneb with the rose from the animation. 🥰 229. Comment: The staff is very friendly. The rooms are cleaned daily. The food culture is very wide and very delicious. We were very pleased as a honeymoon couple. 230. Comment: We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the room we stayed in 1502. I would like to thank Ms. Necla. The mini club restaurant waiters are also very attentive. We would like to come again. We were also pleased with the general area cleanliness. 231. Comment: The staff and room cleaning were very nice, our smiling sister Ayse did her best for our peace, room 1287, I really recommend Aska Lara, 10 for family, 5 stars.. 232. Comment: Although it was our first time at Aska Hotel, endless thanks to everyone who made us have a wonderful holiday. The hotel is wonderful, the animation, the food, everything is wonderful, the main restaurant service, Aska Chef, the Fly and the Lounge, the Fly restaurant and the bars, the Panorama Bar and Breseri Bar, Mrs. Halide's service was wonderful, it was wonderful, many thanks to Okkes Kahraman Ekin, Menevse Cetin Akcan and their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Guven, Murat Turut who took care of us, and also special thanks to Ramazan Tez who brought such a nice and smiling staff together. Comment: The welcome was very good. I would like to thank the reception staff very much. They were very attentive and caring. They were a smiling team who loved their job and were very helpful. The guest relations department was also very helpful. We felt very comfortable and enjoyed our holiday. Comment: Room cleaning, service, animation are 10 out of 10. We would like to thank Ms. Gülten for cleaning our room every day and Rose from the animation team. For taking care of us during the holiday. Tuba Recep Arican 235. Comment: We stayed in rooms 1582-1584. The room cleaning was very meticulous and the towels were very meticulous and sufficient. Ms. Pınar immediately made our rooms clean and tidy. The pool was nice, the sea was average. 236. Comment: I had the opportunity to stay at your hotel last weekend. It was very productive and enjoyable for me. Both the restaurants and the lobby were incredibly relaxing for me and my family. This is a hotel that I said why I hadn't come here for a long time. The staff is incredibly sweet and friendly. We left our children at the kids club without any hesitation and had a comfortable holiday. Also, Zarifa was very helpful for our children. She is so sweet and friendly. A lot of the staff are also very helpful. Thank you very much for making us feel these two days so well. We are glad we came. Hope to see you again. Best regards. 💖💖💖 237. Comment: My second visit with my family and we were amazed, it is a very nice hotel, and of course the rooms are clean and nice, the service is also good, they do not bring it late, the food is also good, I was satisfied with everything. The animation team is also great, they are entertaining, I am satisfied and I would like to thank Ms. Gül 238. Comment: The hotel is very nice. There is all kinds of entertainment for children. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious and the staff is very fast in providing service. We were very pleased! 239. Comment: Our waiter Ramazan provided us with great service throughout our stay. He made our holiday more enjoyable with his friendly and hospitable approach. Thank you Ramazan Dag! 240. Comment: We are currently still on holiday in Aska Lara. First of all, the location of the hotel is very nice. The staff is very polite and kind, they do everything they can, especially Aziz Bek and Tolkun Bek in the restaurant section, we would like to thank them for their smiling faces. We were very pleased with everything about the hotel: rooms, cleanliness, staff, food. By the way, the grill section is legendary. Don't be fooled by the fact that the sea and activity pools are a bit farther away, they can be easily reached both by shuttle and on foot. You don't have to wait for the shuttle during the day, it arrives at your door within 2 minutes. Thank you Aska Lara 241. Comment: We found the opportunity to stay at Aska Lara Hotel before the holiday. The hotel staff was very respectful and helpful. We were really surprised by how plentiful and diverse all the drinks and food in the hotel were. We wholeheartedly congratulate such a generous hotel owner. We definitely recommend it. Especially the beach concept of the hotel is very exclusive. A concept that can be used with peace of mind. 242. Comment: We would like to thank Kids Club Ms. Buket and Ms. Zarife for their interest 😍 We were very pleased in general, cleaning & food everything was very good. 243. Comment: Everything is perfect, from the cleanliness of the rooms to the attentiveness of the staff, the animation team is very entertaining, it is a place where you can easily come without any questions in your mind. Do not have any doubts about family matters. Thank you Aska Lara… Thank you Ms. Gül, your interest and attention is very nice. Hope to see you again. 244. Comment: Everything was great, there was only one shortcoming, in my opinion, the majority of the guests were Iranian and Indian, so we felt like foreigners. It is a perfect hotel for family guests, but one of the downsides is that we have to wait in long lines at the bars. But despite all this, the staff was friendly and helpful. We would especially like to thank our friends Mehmet Şirinkurt, Adnan Yula Durmuş Özbek. See you again 245. Comment: We would like to thank Mr. Hamza and Mr. Arif who work at the Aska snack bar, both their attention to detail and the cocktails they made were very successful and delicious. We found the quality very successful as a family, but the only problem is that the hotel's parking problem needs to be solved, we have to park our cars outside 246. Comment: A nice hotel, especially the animators are very good. I would like to thank Mr. Ozgur from animation, he did his best for us, we are thinking of coming again. 247. Comment: Food could be more diverse, activities are very nice, location is good, but the hotel consists of blocks, there is a tunnel passage in between, but the weather is very hot, even if it is close, it is very difficult to walk, also the parking problem is very big, it is a hotel with space for 10 vehicles, the best part is the beach, the pools are perfect, clean 248. Comment: The staff is very friendly and the hotel is also spotlessly clean and the staff's attention to detail is very nice, we felt like we were at home, they pay attention to every detail, the sun loungers and pools are spotlessly clean, the beach is big, you don't have any problems with sun loungers, the sea is very clean, it's a bit wavy in the evenings but it's very calm in the mornings, the beach is slightly pebbly but it doesn't bother you, the events and activities in the hotel are in a separate section, in another area close to the beach, which is a very nice detail because those who want to spend their evenings relaxing in the hotel find a quiet and peaceful environment 249. Comment: First of all, we would like to thank the Hotel, which we have visited many times, for its friendly staff and services. Special thanks to Güler Hanım for cleaning the room :) I won't pass without writing this:)), the Little Man who threw our little one's pacifier from the balcony :) 250. Comment: Even though we came during a very busy period, the staff is very fast and can meet all your requests. They are friendly and attentive. The food/beverage variety is more than enough. Our room is spotlessly clean and prepared when we come back from the pool. The sisters at the kids club (especially Zühra, Zeynep, Cemilenur) are very sweet. They do different activities every day and make our children happy. We would like to thank all the staff for this wonderful stay. 👍 251. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with our family, the hotel was incredible, it was magnificent, I would recommend it to everyone, the lounge, bistro, asks, chef and anka restaurants and the launch bar, garden bar, pan, aroma bar, the service was magnificent, it was great, the staff was smiling, fast, friendly, thank you to Omer Gundogdu, Halide and Zeynep Hanım who took care of us, also thank you to Yilmaz, Korkmaz, Alpert Kaya, Murat Turute, endless thanks, we will come again, especially for Yilmaz Bey 252. Comment: The rooms were very clean every time we came, for this I would like to thank Birgül Hanım and the other staff members. The service was very nice, I'm glad I chose this place 🙏💖 253. Comment: We are currently staying at the hotel. In one word, we loved it.. A wonderful hotel, especially for children. I definitely recommend it in every way. The staff is very attentive and takes very good care of them. I would also like to thank Ms. Buket from the Aska team for her interest :) 254. Comment: This is the 3rd hotel in the world. I am here for 2 more days today, I wanted to write with impatience, very friendly people welcomed me at the entrance reception and helped me, the food is really nice, for a middle segment hotel, a lobster is missing and the food is very delicious, even by the pool, the waiters bring drinks, we have a 4 year old son and he has incredible fun, the evening activities are very nice, we were very pleased, thank you to Aşka Lara team 255. Comment: Aska Lara, which we found through Etsin Tour, is incredibly caring, quality, smiling, a complete family atmosphere, the hotel has such a smiling staff, you can find food for every taste, the aqua parks are very nice, although the hotel is crowded, there is never any congestion, the pools are calm, especially Mr. Hakan, who skates at the pool bar, and Mrs. Halide at the lunch restaurant, we were very pleased because they were very caring and smiling, see you on your next holiday 256. Comment: This is our first time at Aska Lara and we will definitely come again. Everything was great from the moment we arrived at the hotel, the food, drinks, service, smiling staff were great, the service at Aska Chef Launge restaurants was perfect. Thank you to Baris Oter and chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Yunus Murat Turut and the cook who took care of us in the main restaurant every evening, and also many thanks to Ramazan Tez who has such a team. 257. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank Aksa Lara sales office staff Mustafa Tuksal for his interest and attention, for me it was a safe personality and everything he told me about the hotel was exactly the same, today is our first day at the hotel, we came with my wife and children, it is a safe hotel for families and children, but again I would like to thank Mustafa Tuksal and his colleagues Ali and the hotel owner 🙏 I am sure that I will thank them until the day I leave the hotel 258. Comment: I liked the hotel in general. Especially the pool area was very good. Panaroma bar and Braserie bar were very attentive and the service was very fast. 259. Comment: FIRST OF ALL HELLO EVERYONE FIRST OF ALL I AM NOT A HOTEL GOURMET I WILL STATE IN ADVANCE AND IT WAS MY FIRST HOTEL EXPERIENCE FOR HOLIDAY PURPOSES WHILE PLANNING A HOLIDAY WITH MY FRIENDS WE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO MEET WITHOUT EXAGGERATION 30-40 HOTELS IN 1 MONTH AND READ A LOT OF COMMENTS OF COURSE THERE WERE ALWAYS SATISFIED OR NOT SATISFIED I AM WRITING THIS COMMENT FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE CONFUSED LIKE ME AND MY FRIENDS BECAUSE I HAVE NOT SEEN A COMMENT THAT COULD BE A REFERENCE FOR US WE SET OUT BY ONLY LOOKING AT THE REFERENCE PHOTOS WHEN CHOOSING THE HOTEL AND GO KNOWING THAT THE HOTEL CONSISTS OF TWO BUILDINGS AND A TOTAL OF 3 SECTIONS SUCH AS THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA. I HEAR THAT THERE IS A DISTANCE BETWEEN THE ANEX BUILDING AND THE MAIN BUILDING WHERE MEALS ARE EATEN AND THE SERVICES GOING TO THE ENTERTAINMENT AREA ARE HERE. BUT SINCE WE WERE IN THE MAIN BUILDING, I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH OF A DISTANCE IT IS. PAY ATTENTION TO THAT WHEN MAKING A RESERVATION, THEN YOU MAY BE MISTAKELY BOOKED IN THE ANEX BUILDING BECAUSE IT IS SUITABLE. NOW LET ME GET TO MY OWN IDEAS. WHEN WE CHECKED IN TO THE HOTEL AROUND 14:00, THE FRIENDS AT THE RECEPTION WERE AMAZING. THEY WERE HELPFUL AND SMILING. Ms. JANNA TOLD US THAT EVEN THOUGH OUR ROOM HAD A LAND VIEW, THERE WAS SPACE AND WE COULD GO TO A ROOM WITH A POOL VIEW. THEY HELPED US ALL THE WAY TO OUR ROOM. THE ROOM WAS BIGGER AND SPACIOUS THAN WE EXPECTED. THE BALCONY WAS SUFFICIENT COMPARED TO THE BALCONIES OF THE APARTMENTS IN ISTANBUL. THE ROOMS WERE EXTREMELY CLEAN. YOUR CHANCE TO STAY WITH AC IN THE HOTEL IS 0%. THERE IS SOMETHING EVERY HOUR AND EVERY MINUTE. STARBUCK WAS UNLIMITED AND FREE AS ​​IT WAS SAID. WE HAD THE CHANCE TO TRY IT ONCE AND WE HAD BEEN IN STARBUCKS IN ISTANBUL BEFORE. AS A COFFEE DRINKER FROM EXPRESS LAB, IT SATISFIED ME AND MY FRIENDS. IT WAS NICE. THE FOOD AND DESSERTS WERE EXTREMELY VARIOUS. I CANNOT SAY ANYTHING ABOUT IT BEING DELICIOUS. AS I MENTIONED ABOVE, I AM NOT A HOTEL GOURMET OR A FAREWELL. WHAT SEEMS DELICIOUS TO ME MAY NOT BE DELICIOUS TO YOU. BUT THE FOOD AND DESSERTS I ATE IN THE 5 DAYS WE STAYED WERE DELICIOUS IN MY OWN DECISION. THE HOTEL HAS ITS OWN POOL IN THE MAIN BUILDING, BUT WE WENT TO THE POOL IN THE ENTERTAINMENT SECTION WHEN WE WENT AWAY FROM THE HOTEL. They have a shuttle service. They say it leaves every 15 minutes, but I never waited for service during my stay. Someone was always leaving and someone was coming. The pools in the entertainment area were clean. That's the only point I agree with in the comments. As it was said, it was hard to find a sunbed. Since it has become easier to find certain hours, we first went into the sea and then came to the pool area. It is easier to find that way. There are two SNACK BARS in the entertainment area. You can buy your meals and alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks there. I mean the food there. DO NOT LOOK AT THEM, THEY ARE NOT BUFFETS, THEY ARE FAST FOOD STYLE THINGS, BUT THEY WERE ALSO SATISFACTORY GOOD. THERE ARE OPTIONS LIKE GOZLE SERVICES AND ICE CREAM IN THIS ENTERTAINMENT PLACE I AM MENTIONING. FIRST OF ALL, BECAUSE THE AREA IS LARGE AND THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE, IT DOESN'T WORK TO BRING ME THIS OR THAT FROM WHERE I LOSE, YOU HAVE TO GO AND GET YOUR OWN DRINK BECAUSE THE WAITERS TAKE CARE OF BOTH THE SNACKS AND THE GUESTS INSIDE. IT TAKES A LONG TIME TO ARRIVE. RIGHTFULLY, THIS WAS NOT A PROBLEM FOR US. WE GO AND GET OUR DRINKS OURSELVES. WE BOUGHT IT, I'LL WAIT YOU IF YOU'RE SAYING WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN, THERE ARE SERVICE OPPORTUNITIES UNTIL YOU GO TO BED. AFTER DINNER, THERE ARE ACTIVITIES IN THIS PLACE I MENTIONED. FIRST FOR CHILDREN, THEN FOR ADULTS, DANCE SHOWS, ETC. WE THINK THESE WERE ENOUGH. DO NOT EXPECT MICHAEL JACKSON TO COME AND DO A DANCE SHOWS. I MEAN, THERE WERE SUCCESSFUL SHOWS FOR CHILDREN TOO. THERE ARE FUN SHOWS FOR CHILDREN. YOUR CHILDREN ALSO DO NOT FORGET THAT THEY ARE ON HOLIDAY. WHEN THE ACTIVITIES WERE OVER, THERE WERE FUN AND FUNNY GAMES IN A PLACE CALLED GOLDEN BAR. EVERYONE WAS IN THE HOTEL THERE. THEY MET EACH OTHER. ESPECIALLY, THE ISSUE I WANT TO MENTION THE MOST IS THAT THE FRIENDS WORKING AT THE BAR WERE INCREDIBLY GOOD. BOTH THE COCKTAILS THEY MADE AND THEIR CONVERSATIONS WERE PERFECT. THE FRIENDS IN THE ORGANIZATION CONSTANTLY ASK ABOUT YOUR SATISFACTION. IF THERE IS ANYTHING TROUBLE, THEY TRY TO HELP AND FIX IT. THEY PROVIDE YOU WITH ALL KINDS OF ACTIVITIES. THERE IS A CLUP-STYLE PLACE INSIDE THE MAIN BUILDING. IT WAS NICE THERE TOO. YOU CAN CHAT WITH PEOPLE AND MEET THEM. THE OPPORTUNITY TO SOCIALIZE IS GOOD IN THE HOTEL BECAUSE IT IS A CONTINUOUS ACTIVITY, A PROGRAM. I HAVE MADE MY COMMENT VERY LONG. MY SCORE FOR THE HOTEL WAS 10/10. I HOPE THIS COMMENT WILL HELP YOU. 260. Comment: We had a great time with our family. The interest of all the staff was great. We would also like to thank Tuncay Bey, who welcomed us at the reception, for his interest. The beach side was a perfect hotel with a very large pool area, and the food and bar services were very good. Thank you Aska Lara 261. Comment: We left our experience at Aska Lara Resort & Spa, where we stayed as a family between 27.07.2024 - 01.08.2024, with wonderful memories and great satisfaction. During our stay in rooms 1306 and 1324, we thanked Mr. from the Housekeeping department for their efforts to ensure our comfort and convenience, and for never losing their smiling face. Hatice Hanım, from the F&B department, Mr. Mehmet Kurt, my valuable colleague who brought this wonderful team together with us. I would like to thank Ahmet Bey and the entire Aska Lara Resort & Spa family. Hope to see you again in the summer of 2025... 262. Comment: The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, the food is delicious, the animation team is incredibly beautiful, they are energetic, they are friendly, the evening shows are also very nice, I also loved the kids club, they are very caring, very professional, thank you for everything 263. Comment: We were pleased with the rooms, food and hotel staff. A hotel that can be preferred again. The pool shows during the day and evening are also nice. We especially thank our brother Ökkeş from the staff. The children's entertainment areas and pools are quite nice. 264. Comment: We came to the hotel with 5 friends, everything was great. The meals were delicious and had plenty of variety. The activities and shows were also very good. I would like to thank Gul and Melih from the animation team😊 265. Comment: This is our first time coming to this hotel. The number of elevators may increase slightly. The food and drinks were nice. It's nice to have a Starbucks in the hotel. The rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. We would like to thank the animation team, especially many thanks to Ms. Ayşe!! See you later!! 266. Comment: This is our second visit to this hotel and we will come again next year, the food is great, the service is perfect, the main restaurant Aska chef and lounge, the sinek restaurant and bar, the slungel bar, the halide service and service is great, ekin menevse, baris oter and chefs who took care of us, yilmaz korkmaz, yunus geven, alper kaya bar chef Eylem and ebru, thank you all, I also want to congratulate ramazan tez and his team, smiling staff, fast staff, thank you 267. Comment: Everything except the room deserves 5 stars! The animation was legendary, thank you again for everything and of course BAR MAN ISMAILLLL!!!! Aska chef poolside cafe you are great!!!! 268. Comment: I have never been subjected to such treatment in my life. Because we went there in the evening, they didn't even open the barriers and didn't let us in. Just because our reservation was for the next day. If your flight ticket is for the evening, do not come here for nothing, you will encounter a barrier. You must come on time 269. Comment: In one word, a hotel you can come to without thinking, clean, nice food, delicious staff, energetic, helpful, everything is magnificent, garden bar, Evren, thank you Dilara, fast service, we smile, animation team, entertainment without leaving time for boredom, smiling staff, kids club, bukettttt and other nice friends, bless your heart, you were the reason we could come again, thank you everyone 270. Comment: Everything was great, the kids club is very caring, very sincere, they make you feel that you are really cared for, especially thank you very much to Ms. Buket, I appreciate her attention and interest, she is a successful employee, the disco club was also very fun, there are all the possibilities, I will come again next year, 271 is a hotel. Comment: We are very happy that we chose this hotel, we did not think that we would like it this much. The staff was very friendly and polite, they did everything they could to please the customers. We would especially like to thank Ms. Merve who greeted us with a smile in the lobby and Mr. Nurullah Öziç who worked in the lunch service. We were very pleased with our trip. Tülin Meryem UCAR 272. Comment: Absolutely perfect holiday perfect hotel lounge bistro sinek restaurant aska sef and anka restaurants and bars especially the lounge bar halide alev the service was unbelievable fantastic thank you very much to mehmet goz alperen avci mehmetali and chefs tilmaz korkmaz alper kaya murat turut who took care of us also congratulations to ramazan tez and his team they are amazing 273. Comment: The staff is wonderful and friendly. It is very difficult to go to the beach with a baby. When the bus arrives, everyone jumps in; there needs to be an attendant there. I note that my child caught germs from the pool. We are still in the hospital 274. Comment: There are animations and activities for children and adults throughout the day. The food option is very good. The grill and barbecue options are very good, and there are different varieties every day. The employees are friendly and very attentive. You can access all kinds of services quickly. We especially liked the service of the garden bar. The drink you want comes to your sunbed very quickly. We would also like to thank Mr. Hakan for his quick service with his skates. We are planning to come next year too. We recommend 275. Comment: "I am very pleased with the service. The people here are very kind, we are warmly welcomed. We are always greeted with a smile and have so much fun here. The food is very tasty and offers a wide range of choices. The rooms are very nicely furnished and have a nice atmosphere. The evening shows are not to be missed. I plan on coming more often. I will be looking forward to future holidays here." 276. Comment: I came to Aska hotel for the first time. The hotel is fantastic. Mike is perfect. Main building restaurateur and lain he Aska chef. Service in restaurants is great. Thanks to Halide and Serhat Babur in the bar who took care of us and thanks to their chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, Murat Turut and also thanks to Ramazan Tez for being the Boyle team. 277. Comment: Our entertainment at the hotel was good, especially we sent my brother to the mini club all the time, the events and activities were nice and fun, the hotel rooms were also very nice, but there was a little cleaning problem, apart from that everything was good, our favorite place was the mini club, we would love to come again 278. Comment: The rooms are clean, the service is 10 points, really 10 stars. Especially the employees are very clear, they try to help in every subject and ask if you are satisfied every two seconds, they love what they do and respect their job, they are professional, you feel at home. The cleanliness was the most striking thing, the rooms are cleaner than the previous one. 1315 279. Comment: The hotel was very nice. The staff was very attentive, especially Mr. Selçuk at the beach bar and the waitress Ms. Havva were very attentive and friendly. We thank them. 280. Comment: This is our first time coming to the hotel. We were very pleased as a family, everything was great. The staff is very caring. The animation team is very good. Come again and I will recommend 281. Comment: This is our first time at this hotel but the service we encountered was completely different, we were very pleased with everything, especially the animation, Ozzy and Fırat from the animation team did their best to have fun, Aska lara, wait for us, we are coming again and the food was also very good, have a nice holiday 282. Comment: 2 to the hotel. our arrival. It is truly a great hotel for families with children. miniclub is very active. The staff does everything without any duplication. The order placed arrives very quickly. Overall we had a great 4 days. I hope to come again 😍 283. Comment: See you again Aska Lara, everything was great, your smiling face also pleased us, we stayed in room number 1457, we also thank Ümmü Hanım for the cleanliness and hygiene 284. Comment: It is a hotel that can be preferred without hesitation in terms of cleanliness and hygiene of the rooms. The staff is friendly and the service is great. We especially thank Ms. Gülten, who served us with a smile in room cleaning. 285. Comment: The rooms are very nice and the interiors are clean. I can say that the food is the best hotel food I have ever eaten. The service is extremely good, but the pools and their surroundings and the shared toilets are not very hygienic, and the shared toilets are used quite dirty. I think this is not due to the hotel but to its guests. My general opinion is that the hotel is very good. 286. Comment: I would like to thank Eylem Hanım and her team very much. My friend and I were very pleased with all of them. Thank you very much, I am very satisfied, I recommend it to everyone. I think they deserve 5 stars 🌟 at least 6 🌟. The hotel and the facility were also very nice. My name is Vedat Demirci. 287. Comment: Gül hnm from your animation team. He took very good care of us, both about our requests and about entertainment, and provided very good information. I thank him for his kindness and interest. 288. Comment: The service in the restaurant and bar is excellent, especially the Chef YUNUS is very attentive and cheerful, we thank them. We also stayed in room 1272 for 7 days. Every day when we came back from the beach, the room was as clean as the first day. I asked the staff who cleans it, they said AYSE, we met her, she is a very cheerful and friendly sister, I thank her. 289. Comment: I liked the hotel in general, my favorite part was the kids club, they are very entertaining, their activities are very good, see you next year 290. Comment: I would also like to comment on the negative aspects. The fact that the playgrounds where children have fun in the evenings by the pool, especially the jumping and horse riding areas, open and close them as they wish is breaking the boundaries. I request the authorities to take action on this issue. 291 Comment: We stayed at your hotel for 3 days. The bar service is great. I would like to thank Ms. Ecem and Mr. Selçuk for the cocktails they made. I would also like to thank Ms. Havva for her wonderful service. Bar service Great 292. Comment: I stayed in room 1387. It was my second time here. Everything was great. I was very pleased again. See you next year. I would also like to thank Ms. Emine. The employees were very friendly 293. Comment: We completed our stay in room 1381 and left very satisfied. I would like to thank the team very much, especially the cleaning team and the chefs. We would also like to thank Ms. Emine 294. Comment: It was a hotel that I went to upon recommendation. I think it was a perfect place with everything, from the food to the pools, the rooms were very clean. I especially thank Ayşe and Selma who looked after our floor, they were very attentive. 🙏 295. Comment: We are leaving Aska Lara Hotel with pleasure, where we stayed for 5 nights and 6 days. The activities, cleanliness, delicious food and facilities were very good. Thank you for everything. 296. Comment: We were very pleased with the hotel, we especially liked the cocktails made by Halide from the bar team in the lounge bar, skater Hakan Bey was very attentive and brought the orders quickly, everything was great, thank you 297. Comment: Fantastic holiday at Guzzle hotel, the service at the lounge bistro was perfect, it was great, thank you to Yusuf Demir and Yilmaz Korkmaz who took care of us, we will come again for holiday 298. Comment: The staff is friendly and attentive. The food is good. Easy to reach from the airport. The animation team is fun. Activities continue until nightfall. There is also a nightclub. I recommend it. 299. Comment: This morning my wife commented on her satisfaction with the room, and I also appreciated the fact that Cansu Hanım, the superpower of the hotel and the person in charge of guest relations, helped us in every way, asked us if we needed anything on the phone at every opportunity, and was always there for us, making us feel like very special guests. We have been vacationing at Aska Lara every season since 2017, but this is the first time we are leaving this happy thanks to Cansu Hanım. We have decided to make a reservation again before the end of this season, we are taking a short break at the moment but we will see you again soon. Thank you Cansu Torun, Thank you Aska Lara 300. Comment: We have been staying at the Aska Lara hotel for 6 days. We were very pleased from the moment we entered the hotel. The rooms are meticulously cleaned every day. The hauskeeping staff is very friendly. Thank you very much for everything. We are very pleased and our holiday is still continuing 🥰 301. Comment: We liked your hotel in general. Ms Evren from the garden bar, Mr Cinar from the skate waiter and Mr Ozkan from the Aska bar were very attentive. Mr. Hakan was very helpful in ordering. I would also like to thank the bar manager, Ms. Ebru. 302. Comment: this is 5. I feel like I have come to my home of development. I would like to thank all the employees, they are all very warm, there is a very nice family atmosphere and Hayrullah Bey's cocktails at the bar are great, those who like 303 should definitely stop by Hayrullah Bey, you will not regret it. Comment: We had a great time at the hotel. We were very pleased with everything and would like to thank especially Guest Relations Agent Mr. Zafar and Ms. Sultan at the reception for their hospitality and friendliness. 304. Comment: It was a hotel that I came to upon the recommendation of my friends, everything was perfect, I never understood how our 4 days passed, but the biggest reason for this was the animation team and especially Özgür, he never let us get bored, everything was perfect from the first moment we entered the hotel until our last exit 305. Comment: Fantastic hotel, incredible service, service at Anka restaurant and Lounge, Sinke Restaurant was great, also the service at the Lounge bar and Anka bar was perfect, Mehmet Goz Halide and chefs Yilmaz Korkmaz who took care of us, endless thanks to Alper Kaya, Murat Turut, Ramazan Tez and the team, thanks 306. Comment: Although it was our first time here, we were very pleased. They did their best for us. Especially the animation team is very good. The staff is cheerful and all of them are very helpful. The room cleaning is good. We were very pleased. I would also like to thank Ozzy from the animation team. Have a nice holiday 307. Comment: Dilara and Evren, who work at the Gardon bar, were extremely friendly and their cocktails were great 💕 We were very pleased, especially their interest in us, we liked the hotel very much, the service quality was very good, our holiday is going very well, thank you Aska team 💕❤️ 308. Comment: We would like to thank Mr. Fuat for his interest and cheerfulness. He is a very sincere and friendly staff. If you come, please contact him. On behalf of Aska Lara Hotel, we would like to thank his team and interest. 309 is a hotel with full gratitude. Comment: We thank Ms. Ummu for the cleaning and order of room number 1453 and say thank you. We were also very pleased with the family friendliness. 310. Comment: In general, we were very pleased with everything. The hotel was clean, the animation team was very good, and I would also like to thank Mr. Özgür very much… 311. Comment: It was the hotel we chose for our honeymoon, we were very pleased, the guys at the bar were very attentive and prepared incredibly nice cocktails, the hotel was very nice in every sense, we were very pleased, 312 is a place we want to come back to. Comment: We loved the children's club, the staff is very attentive, very cheerful, my children have so much fun with them, their energy is amazing, I would like to thank all of them, especially Ms. Buket, see you next year 313. Comment: First of all, we were very pleased with the attention and concern of the waiters at the beach and garden bars, especially Tunahan. We would like to thank the chefs and managers who trained him, the service was great, we are grateful, they are absolutely perfect. 314. Comment: 3rd time with my family. development. Our room is spacious and clean, the food is delicious, the animation group is very entertaining, we open a separate parenthesis for Gül, we loved her very much, we recommend her to everyone 315. Comment: We would like to thank all the staff for the service we have received in your room number 1414 since 05.06. We would especially like to thank the floor attendant Nuran for her sincerity and smiling face. 316. Comment: I stayed at your hotel for 5 days. The bar service is great. I would especially like to thank the bartender Selçuk and the waitress Havva for their friendly service. They provide top notch service. Thank you 317. Comment: We have been coming here with my family with great pleasure since 2014. The food is very nice and varied. The service of the staff was very good and friendly. Thanks again for everything, aska Lara. 318. Comment: Everything was great, especially the cleanliness and food were great. A complete family hotel where you can have a holiday with peace of mind🫶🏻 319. Comment: Hello, this is my first time coming to the hotel. First of all, the food is great, the staff is smiling and attentive. It is a wonderful hotel, the pool and the sea are really wonderful for those who want to come. Gül is a very sweet person who we have never met before. ❤️ 320. Comment: We were very pleased with everything. The hotel was generally very good. I would like to thank Mr. Özgür very much… 321. Comment: Hello, We left the hotel today and we were not satisfied at all. We arrived at the hotel at night, there was no one even at the door to take my luggage. If we did not ask, no one would tell us. If you say Aqua Park, there is no reception outside the hotel, the food is almost the same every day, it is far from Turkish cuisine and the room cleaning is zero. Can a 5 star hotel be this dirty? When you leave the hotel, you should show respect and ask if you are satisfied. At the reception, everyone is there just to get your money. The organization is zero, brother, do not go to Aska Lara, we will not even go near it, my advice is Do not go... This is what I'm going to say 322. Comment: First of all, I would like to thank the valuable management team, Ms. Şenay and Mr. Fırat, for the friendliness of all the staff, and the service and housekeeping staff, especially Ms. Ayşe Kart, for their meticulous and devoted work. A facility where you can feel at home. Worth a try. Footnote (My 3rd stay) 323. Comment: In the restaurant, our friends Mehmet Emin Selçuk and Mehmet Ali Karadağ made us feel at home. Thank you very much family 😊 324. Comment: We were very pleased with Bai Emin in the restaurant department. He took care of everything very quickly and brought our drinks right away. I hope all the employees here are like Bai Emin <3 325. Comment: I was very happy with the bar service. I would like to thank especially Eylem Hanım and her team. I would also like to thank Cansu Torun, the assistant manager of guest relations, who helped us a lot. She took great care of us. 326. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with friends. I recommend everyone to come! Ms. Gül helped us very well, thank you. 327. Comment: We had a wonderful trip, all the services and food in the hotel were wonderful. I definitely recommend it, it's a special place to spend time with your kids! We are extremely pleased! 328. Comment: Incredibly beautiful hotel, fantastic holiday pleasure, restaurant service is perfect, lounge restaurant service is great, aska chef restaurant service is great, thank you Mehmet Kurt, Eda Ertunha, chefs, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Alper Kaya, and also Murat Turut, Ercan Inci, thank you, beautiful staff, fast and smiling faces, and Ramazan Tez and Ahmet Davaz, thank you.