1. Yorum: Thank you very much for the excellent service at the Venezia Pallas Hotel, and a special thanks to Elif and also a special thanks to the manager Lilia 2. Yorum: There is nowhere worse than Gadyushnik 1. They charged extra for the normal accommodation of 3 people, and instead put them in a terrible room for 2. There is mold, cobwebs, rust in the room 3. Tasteless coffee from running water 4. Stale food — poisoned the next day with mussels 5. The hotel is outside the city - it takes 40-50 minutes to go to the city by transport and wait for transport 6 for the same amount of time. No entertainers, worse than in boarding house 7. A room for three, we have to sleep on a folding bed and there are not even enough towels 8. One bed has a broken leg - it is impossible to sleep, the back is constantly tired 9. A large area, but all the staff from 6:30 in the morning drive under your door on the cobblestones and keep you awake because of 10 o'clock. An old air conditioner that has not been dusted for a long time. I can say the same for the carpet and the carved walls. Maybe 30 years ago the deluxe looked like this, but now it's a viper 3. Yorum: The Palace is a very good hotel for me. I like the beach, the dining room is good, I like it, everything is good, but the minus is the tables. There are a little too few of the balconies, it is good from the view of the sea, the entrance to it, money, it looks cool 4. Comment: A great hotel for family vacations, a large area and a beautiful beach. 5. Comment: Chic Hotel. Thanks to the staff 6. Comment: Everything for recreation 7. Comment: Cool hotel 8. Yorum: We chose the VENEZIA hotel because it was a concept hotel with a good design and on the advice of a representative of Jolly Yavuz (Maltepe Park branch) and took a 10-day vacation. We arrived at the hotel on 09/28/2024. In general, the hotel is really good, we really liked the green area, it is very well designed, the hotel area is large, the pools are large, there are 4-5 zones. The water park is very interesting for children, and its adult part is very large and diverse. The village is not far from the airport, in this region it is the hottest time of the season. The food is tasty, but I would like more variety. Bars and all kinds of drinks are available at every turn. A variety of snacks are offered at any time to keep you from getting hungry throughout the day. Waffles, baked kumpir potatoes with various fillings, ice cream, cake, sandwiches, fruits, dried fruits, etc. d. When we happened to meet the customer service representative, we expressed the attitude of the service staff that we did not like and the F&B manager Suleiman wanted to meet with us. when we said we were inconvenienced. some problems, he apologized on behalf of the hotel and gave a logical explanation that the shortcomings were due to the fact that the hotel is closing in November and the restoration process will begin. We thank him for correcting the situation and solving the problems. Although we have the right to visit the a la carte restaurant for 1 trip, the hotel has defined the second right of customer satisfaction. The Turkish a la carte appetizers and Italian a la carte dishes are very delicious, the staff is very attentive and professional, we also express our gratitude. Mrs. Sevda for serving our table and us. The hotel attaches great importance to customer satisfaction and takes care of its guests. I would also like to thank Mr. Kaan for taking care of us in our last days. My rating is all 5 except for the rooms because they require renovation and it is already scheduled for November. Next year, we plan to come again to the renovated Venezia Palace hotel. 9. Yorum: We chose Hotel VENEZIA because it was a concept hotel, with a nice design and on the advice of Jolly Yavuz (Maltepe Park AVM branch) and we took a vacation for 10 days. We entered on 09/28/2024. In general, the hotel is very nice, I really liked the landscape design, very well designed, the territory of the hotel is also very large, the pools are large and zone 4-5. The water park is a lot of fun for children, and the adult part is very large and varied. The settlement is located not far from the airport, in the hottest part of the season in the region. The food was tasty, but could have been more varied. Bars and all kinds of drinks are available at every turn. A variety of snacks are offered at any time to keep you from getting hungry throughout the day. Waffles, baked potato, ice cream, cake, sandwich, fruit, nuts, etc. When we happened to meet the customer relations representative, we expressed his displeasure about the attitude of the service staff towards the customer relations representative and the F&B manager, Mr. Suleiman, wanted to meet with us. When we said we were inconvenienced by some issues, he apologized on behalf of the hotel and explained that the issues were due to the fact that the hotel was undergoing renovations in November. We thank him for fixing and solving problems. Although we were entitled to 1 excursion in the à la carte restaurant, the hotel defined a second right for customer satisfaction. Turkish a la carte and Italian a la carte are delicious, the staff is very attentive and professional, we also thank Mrs. Sevda for taking care of us. The hotel places great importance on customer satisfaction and takes care of them. I would also like to thank Mr. Kaan who looked after us in our last days. My rating is all 5 but excluding the rooms because it needs renovation and it is already scheduled for November. Next year, we plan to come again to the renovated Venezia Palace hotel. This is our recommendation (Our room number is 2134) 10. Comment: This hotel is fantastic. It's spacious and offers great amenities, including pools, water slides, and air conditioning in every room, even the bathrooms. The staff is incredibly friendly and the hotel is conveniently located near the airport. The cleanliness is extraordinary. The food is good, although the variety could be improved as the menu is usually the same every night. For this reason I am giving one less star. Note: This hotel is best for families with children and older guests. If you are a young solo traveler, this might not be the ideal choice for you😉. 11. Yorum: This is our second day in this hotel. |- The air conditioner in the room is hot. It's cooler outside at night. I can't sleep. (I am writing this review at 02:30)|- The hotel is so old. The carpet is dirty. Our room smells!|- The animation team is not motivated. |-… 12. Yorum: I really liked the hotel staff, everyone was nice, responsive, and friendly. A wide selection of food and drinks, a 24-hour bar in the lobby. The child liked the slides, he sledded all the time. Clean beach and sea. Everything we asked for was brought to the room. Special thanks to Guest Relations Ahmet, he solved all our little difficulties. We will definitely come back again! 13. Yorum: Rested in October for 8 nights, very satisfied with the vacation! They celebrated their husband's birthday on vacation. It was nice to receive a compliment from the hotel. We liked the hotel, bed linen and towels were changed every day, the room was cleaned, and the minibar was replenished. After check-in, we contacted the guest services department, asked for bathrobes, and they brought them to us. Elif, the girl in charge of guest services, helped us with our questions and ordered a la carte restaurant Gusto from her. We loved that the hotel had coffee makers and always started the morning with coffee. About food, there is always a large selection and delicious. The beach is good, the sea is clean. All the staff are friendly and ready to help. The wife liked the choice of alcohol, except cognac 🙂 14. Yorum: If there is something to compare with good quality, then I do not advise you to go to this hotel! When buying a tour, we were faced with the choice of going for 7 or 11 nights, we chose a long time... and we wanted a hotel with a large area with greenery... we realized that we were going to... 15. Yorum: We stayed last week. We would like to thank Mr. Čaglar for the reception. He was very helpful with the room. And we would like to thank Ms. Fisun (I hope I didn't get her name wrong) who works in the main hall. My daughter did not eat, she won my daughter's heart by playing a mini game with her and helped us enter the next days. First, the hotel is renovated and beautiful. The lobby and murals were very nice. The rooms were old and the floor was completely covered with carpets, which worried us. My daughter is allergic to mites and no matter how much she vacuums, it doesn't clean up. The rooms are cleaned when you first enter and unless you insist they are not cleaned until you leave. At the end of the third day, our bed linen was changed and then the pillows we brought from home were taken away. We found one, approaching the dirty basket, and said goodbye to the other. When we were leaving they brought one that said "this is your pillow" but it wasn't ours. The hotel pool is large. We liked the idea of ​​having a bar in the middle of the pool. Subsequently, the situation when so many people drink, sit in the bar and do not go to the toilet (maybe we did not see it), made us think a lot. The pool bar had a bad smell that wouldn't go away, maybe it was because of spilled drinks. While there, we witnessed a beautiful event. Two employees in white coats came and took samples of the ice and ice containers used in the bar. They took samples of the consumed drinks and placed them in a laboratory container. Nice to check. The hotel lobby offers better quality drinks than other places. There is a wide variety of food and drinks, but in our opinion the taste was not very good. The desserts looked like they had always been the same, only the colors had changed. In our opinion, the diners were very good. The service provided by the staff creates the atmosphere of the restaurant. It is very dense. Long lines form from 12:00 until the snack bar opens at 12:30. The materials used were sufficient. They say that children under the age of 10 are not allowed to visit the water park. Well, for security reasons, they're right. But, according to the officer, the fact that one day was given off and another day off, we were not concerned. They made a special water park for children under 10 years old, they should use it, it's a good idea. In that water park, water hits from below, flows from above, water flows over the head... It was like chaos. As an adult, I was uncomfortable around a child. Luckily they also built a kiddie pool which wasn't that stimulating, the kids played there and we relaxed. On the way, not far from the airport. If they come by transport, the roads are very good and it is easy to find. Chaos at the entrance, things can get lost, so take care of your luggage :) 16. Yorum: Impressions from the hotel are good, issues that arise were resolved quickly. The beach is well equipped, there are sunbeds, free ones could always be found. The waiters serve well. Territory Rating: 4 The territory is beautiful, we climbed the tower near the pool, a very beautiful view opened up. Many thanks to Ahmet Uman and Elif. 17. Yorum: The hotel is not bad, the territory is large, there are places to be similar. The water park and pools are great. They are cleaned. The service is trying, the guys at the reception and in the bars are great, everyone knows Russian, even if you speak to them in English, they switch to Russian themselves, the staff really tries very hard, respect. Breakfast is good, for lunch there are incomprehensible soups, children and even adults do not eat them. Dinner is the worst in this hotel, neither before opening nor an hour later, the situation does not change. Queues are constant and everywhere, there is absolutely not enough space, it is difficult to find a free table, tables were set even in the corridor to the restaurant, full of them. The walks between meals are very narrow, you cannot send a child alone, not even a small one, he will simply be crushed by a crowd of people. There are no coffee cups all the time for breakfast and dinner, there are glasses, but how to drink this coffee afterwards?! People join other families or singles who have free chairs at the table. Dining room effect. It is not a convenient amphitheater for evening shows, why are there bar tables and tables, again for adults, but it is not convenient for children. There is not enough space for everyone, people watch the show while standing, for me, amphitheatres are much more convenient than such a "cafe" near the stage. The hotel is under renovation, I hope they can somehow change this minus with the restaurant. Special thanks for Wi-Fi, it is an undeniable plus. The sea was close and you had to walk straight into the sun, there were not enough tall trees for shade. The beach is narrow in length, but there are about seven rows of sunbeds, they were not occupied, they always found a place, but everyone swims one and a half meters from the shore, the sunset is not smooth, the water is dirty compared to Kemer. The toilet is only near the beach bar, not close. And most of the beach is reserved for wild boars, why is there no one sitting there, and as a result all vacationers are swimming in a barrel. For a budget vacation, again regarding budget, I can generally recommend this hotel. 18. Yorum: Today I checked into a hotel. I live in number 1506. I will share my comments based solely on my impressions. First of all, I would like to thank the representative of the Jolly tour hotel, Havvi Noor, for the interest. It is a great chance for the hotel and Jolly tour to have such an employee. From him I learned all the details about the hotel, and thanks to his attention I was accommodated in a super room with a view of the pool and the sea, although I had a view of the land. It is only because of their care and attention that I will book this hotel again and do my next trip with Jolly tour again. And now let's objectively evaluate the hotel. I have canceled my reservation twice because of the comments posted here about this hotel. Just because of the comments posted here. But after seeing the unrealistic posts of people, I came to the conclusion that this hotel was treated very unfairly. First, eating in rows of restaurants was called suffering. I went to dinner at 18.45, had lunch and left at 19.10. All comments written on this topic are baseless. They wrote that people stand in queues for hours at the meze and leave after finishing their meal. I left at 3.30pm, had lunch at 3.55pm and left without a queue. Then there were articles like waffledq has an incredible queue. It didn't take me 2 minutes to get a waffle. There was no queue. There were plenty of seats at the Gusto restaurant. I didn't stop there, but if I had, it would have been impossible to wait there. They wrote that there are lines in bars and we wait for hours. I got my item from there without waiting even 5 minutes. They write that the pool bar smells bad. I went there and swam there too. There wasn't even any smell. This was a completely fabricated comment. Pools are written as dirty. I am watching live from the balcony of my room, Mr. is cleaning. I bought products at a pastry shop, the waiting time is 2 minutes. I went to the sea in the afternoon, there were sunbeds everywhere. Those who say they haven't found a place are making completely fabricated comments. From there I came to the pool. There are sunbeds everywhere. There is no such thing as a lack of space. The staff is friendly and very attentive. In short, such hotels are under suspicion because of your baseless comments. Every year I go to a hotel. But there were very few hotels that provided such fast service. In addition, the à la carte restaurants were full. There was room for all 3 à la cartes and I chose the à la carte for Turkish dishes tomorrow. Finally, I make these comments completely independently. Unfortunately, the job of our people is to turn high-quality hotels into low-quality ones. You can easily choose a hotel. Thank you for everything. 19. Yorum: First of all, we are still continuing our vacation and are leaving tomorrow. Yes, we came knowing the numbers were old. However, we had no problems with cleaning. We didn't spend any time in the room anyway. The breakfasts were very good, we ate at the gusto and meze restaurants by the sea at lunch time and we could eat very comfortably during our time. Everything was delicious, but the pasta and ragout were our favorites. It was a lot of fun playing beach volleyball at 11:00 and 16:00. The sea is wavy, but pleasant. There were enough sunbeds by the sea. There was a smell in the pool that we couldn't figure out and thought it was coming from the bar so we didn't choose it. The water park was more fun than many hotels, we really enjoyed it. For dinner, you could grill dishes and the main courses were very tasty. Sherbet desserts are also very successful, but the cake department needs to be changed urgently. I was very disappointed by the cakes, which were so attractive to the eye, but had no taste. Despite this, it was surprising that the tea was always fresh and well brewed. I was pleased with the attention of the staff. The beach shells were quite clean. Thank you Ms. Anakiz. But we were very pleased that Mr. Sinan took care of us, especially during the morning breakfast at the Gusto restaurant. It was a very good breakfast. In general, the rest was good and calm. We thank the Venezia family :)) 20. Yorum: Our experience of visiting Turkey is simply cosmic: we saw both luxury and non-luxury, and at different times. Vacationed with a friend and together with four children. Pros: an absolutely fabulous beach, very tasty food, high-quality alcohol, we don't drink hard, but I saw how they pour Balantaise, Bells, Jim Beam bourbon. We were all given a cool king room above the category we paid for. A cool water park, a decent children's club, where you can really leave children and they will be interested there. In the room, we accidentally broke the glass curtain in the bathroom, gesture relation Ahmet Uman, came to the room, quickly called for cleaning, sincerely worried about our children. Such an attitude was very pleasant. The hotel is a bomb!! Do not doubt! Cons: take away glasses are very weak. Need to replace. 21. Comment: DON'T COME!!! We left the hotel a few days ago, having stayed in many hotels at home and abroad so far. In each of them we encountered different quality of service and understanding, but the experience we had in this hotel taught us that we need to pay more attention to many things. Jolly recommended this hotel. I wish we didn't listen to their suggestions. Let me make something clear to you; DO NOT COME until the hotel is renovated and the management approach changes! The rooms are old, the bathrooms are useless, the beds are unkempt, like the sheets have just been turned out and left. Disaster in the pool!! There is a strange and unpleasant smell in and around the pool bar. The smell gets worse during the day, the pool isn't clean, the one who urinates most of the time in a plastic cup by the pool, the one who drops the shell of the nuts he eats and doesn't pick them up, the one who goes into the pool in his panties, whatever you're looking for , you come across small rocks and sand at the bottom of the pool. The hotel is full because we found out that daily check-in is also allowed. They even said that the rooms were oversold (according to the hotel staff), other customers were placed in other hotels and they were picked up when the room became available. If you don't want to wait in line for food, I recommend that you be there when the cafeteria opens. Then the fight for food and space begins. We stayed for 5 nights and 6 days and the food was always the same (grilled food was served at all meals. The friend in the water park treats everyone with anger. It seems that the friend was put under the crosshairs. I saw a family whose child urinated on himself many times in the water park, and then went into the water as if nothing had happened. 22. Yorum: I will try to tell a short story about the hotel for those who are thinking of going to the hotel. On August 19-25, when my wife and I went, there was a huge crowd. Based on the feedback we have received from friends who have visited in the past, I can say that the hotel is generally overbooked. You can find food at any time of the day, and the flavors are not bad at all, if you judge them from the point of view of price indicators. There is a very nice children's water park for small children, even my wife and I spent half an hour there :) There are eateries where you can order pizza, hamburger, meat doner, pita, chicken for lunch and waiters will bring it, but, unfortunately, to find a place here requires a lot of effort and effort, you have to stand in long queues, but the tastes are above average :) In general, they serve the same thing for dinner, I think the menu should be. expand a little. I think desserts are a big problem. We lived in a room without a balcony, the rooms are really old, but still, if you don't spend much time in the room, it won't be a big minus for you. We were a little disappointed in the sea. If you are looking for sand and a sea that deepens slowly, like us, the sea of ​​this hotel consists of pebbles at the entrance that make your feet hurt, and a sea that deepens immediately after 3 steps. By the way, you can also consider using the pool, it has a large pool and there is a bar inside the pool. 23. Yorum: The location is very good, the sea is wavy, small stones at first, but then sand and the water in the sea is warm, so it is easy to enter. Breakfast and meals are not bad, but standard (I would have expected more visual appearance of tandoori beef, lamb chop, optional large fish, pastrami or various culinary delicacies. There was never pistachio baklava, the cheapest food was offered. Cold appetizers Prepared in small quantities are always tasteless, and the masters who make them are not edible. They said the rooms are very old and will be updated and they don't have much taste for children or adults, I don't know why there is a closed patisserie, but there was a place in the closed tower, but the waiter service was shown as skates for the beach side , unfortunately, this was not on the video. Our room was cleaned every day, the minibar was updated, we had no problems with a table in the Turkish restaurant without exception, the time there was 1 hour, the tastes are good, but both. the customer and the employee are victims. I watched everything I followed before going to standard events. Also I don't understand why it was bar stools and not a lecture hall, we always either watched standing or found chairs without a table, this place is not suitable for capacity. We had a nice stay but I wouldn't choose it again. The price suddenly dropped in September so we preferred it, but I didn't find the quality I expected. 24. Yorum: We bought a ticket through an early booking and only a couple of weeks later decided to read reviews about the hotel here - we thought we would be shocked by the purchase upon arrival! But everything turned out great, the area is good and getting better, the staff is amazing,… 25. Comment: Very nice. The hotel is just an ideal place for family vacations with children. The staff is very friendly, and the hotel workers who clean the rooms deserve special thanks - they do it quickly and efficiently: they vacuum, dust, make the bed, vacuum the balcony, and even fold and neatly fold the child's scattered clothes. They settled in for 30 minutes. FOOD - a lot, diverse, delicious. The department for working with guests helps to solve various issues. Thanks to Elif, she helped us, I RECOMMEND! 26. Yorum: First, the hotel is overcrowded, that's a fact. If you visit each location before it opens, you can find a comfortable seat without waiting in line, yes, but if you decide to go when you want and feel free to go, it seems like you're left to your own devices. The staff do their best, especially the service staff (thanks to the main restaurant staff, Ms. Esra) Although the decoration of the hotel was good, especially the furniture in the rooms was falling apart. According to what we heard from the staff, the hotel will be undergoing renovations this year. (I need money, apparently the administration did not respond) Cleaning in the room was also not good. Bed linen is changed every 2 days. Cleaning the pool is in order, because the hotel is full. The sea is wavy. I think the water was the best part. Although the children's aqua zone is good, it is also crowded. If you are looking for sunbeds for a long time, you will definitely find them, I can't say that there aren't any. The hotel has created its own culture in this regard, the first thing in the morning we put on towels, it should be, because while we were going to have breakfast, I saw that all the sunbeds near the pool were occupied. The main courses, appetizers, and breakfasts were good. Red meat appears every day. But there was no business in desserts. There are dance shows and live music in the evening, but you need to arrive at least 1 hour in advance to get a seat. I didn't particularly stress, I listened in one evening and it was also not bad. Overall, I would have regretted choosing this place if I hadn't bought it at a relatively cheap price. 27. Yorum: Hello, I am currently living in a hotel. When we checked into the hotel, Mr. Çağlar was very attentive and responsible for a small problem we had, and Mr. Suleiman, the head of the department, took great interest in us and solved our problem. There is little variety in the food, but some dishes are very tasty, mostly the same dishes are served, the pool is large and sufficient, the sea is mixed with pebbles and sand and suddenly becomes deep, but it is clean and beautiful. Some of the staff are really uncaring and have a nasty attitude. Overall, despite some flaws, we still enjoyed it. 28. Yorum: As a person who has worked in the field of tourism for many years and visited almost all hotels in Antalya, I share my experience. We were not helped with our smelly damp room for which we paid 3 minimum wages for 4 nights of rest. No problem, the smell will be taken care of somehow. The music system is provided by 2 speakers placed by the pool instead of scattered throughout the area and you have to listen to it from 10.00am to 12.00am whether you like it or not. I categorically do not recommend it to those who came to relax. The bar uses 3rd grade products and the bartenders are not informed. The guy at the pool bar has to coach the others. Because the whiskey sour appeared as 3 different drinks in 3 different bars. You have to sleep with air conditioning to get oxygen at night, otherwise the suffocating humidity will never allow it. The sofa bed is so bad I can feel its metal sinking all over my body. Sleep comfort 0. Finally, I got food poisoning, which I thought was caused by air conditioning or food, and had been vomiting since morning. I couldn't stand it and asked to call a taxi. While I was struggling to get up, one of my friends asked me, “Did you call me too? I will go to the airport” with his low speech and directed me to another taxi to the hospital entered and went to the taxi. Interest is at a high level. As I finish my third day at this hotel with very little activity, I feel bored and look forward to the day I leave. On behalf of the entire travel community, I would like to point out that referrals will need to be made to other hotels. Friends who want to relax here can refer to their colleagues and get better service for less money. 29. Yorum: We rested in this hotel for the first time. Beautiful rooms, a gorgeous pool, the most beautiful area. We were very impressed by the animator Harry. He painted our leisure time with bright, unforgettable colors. Elif helped us solve all the issues promptly. Thank you for a wonderful vacation. 30. Yorum: First, it was an unpleasant situation when we were told that all the room types we purchased about 6 months ago were full when we checked in and that they could refer us to another hotel until the room became available 3 -year-old child, we decided to move into a room that was not in very good condition to avoid the need to change hotels. Subsequently, if in the water park for adults, my child and I were allowed to ride down the slow slides for the first 3 days, then for the last 2 days we were not allowed in the water park, because we were told that it was not allowed for children. kids i can understand the situation but a 3 year old can't understand this situation. If it's forbidden, it should always be forbidden. If you tell a child that it is forbidden to go skiing with his father for 3 days, he will spoil our vacation, which he did. The food was the same every day and the variety was less than in hotels I've been to before. I have not seen the friendly staff mentioned in other comments for 6 days. I think it says something about the fact that the pastries appeared on the counter about 5 minutes after the master who prepared the breakfast pastries rudely said that they would be ready in 15 minutes. As a family whose priority is our child's happiness, would we choose this hotel again? Our answer to the question: - Dad, I will not come here again. 31. Yorum: Summary of the article below: DO NOT GO to avoid torture. If you are a masochist, this is the hotel for you! I have been to many 5 star and all inclusive hotels in my life but this place was truly the worst. Firstly, the rooms are old, you cannot take a shower, because there is a bathtub. The toilet lid in our room was broken and there was a smell coming from the toilet. No matter how much we told the Reception, they did not provide a solution. Second, service... Although they had to clean the room every day, they did it as they wanted. Even though I called the front desk for 1.5 hours, I couldn't get a clean towel and had to dry myself. hand towel. Even if this hotel doesn't have a reception desk, they still won't help. 3rd ROW… you can buy food and drinks in many places in the hotel but they all have a QUEUE, first you have to wait 30 minutes to be seated, then you have to wait 45 minutes for pizza, we are tired of waiting. You don't wait that long in the army. If the restaurant opens at 12:30, will there be a line at 11:45? This was provided in this hotel. If you go to a meat doner restaurant that opens at 12:30 at 1:15 pm, you can sit down at 2:00 pm and of course the meat doner is finished. QUEUE for meat doner kebab at 11:45am The next problem is the pool…impossible to get a seat near it after 9pm. Since there is a bar inside the pool, you are in for a smelly and dirty pool. Since we decided to go to the sea, we couldn't find a place there after 2 meters, the sea is getting deeper and the beach is pebble, and the legs appear. 32. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel for four days. When I first checked in I was told that I could stay at another hotel for two days as the hotel was very busy and they also stated that the hotel I could stay at was a higher end hotel. After that I researched the hotel but said I didn't want it because it would be a hassle to pack my luggage again and then they said I would be held up in the room due to the rush. So I thought about it again and spoke to the front desk, the man working the front desk told me exactly this: Go sir, what are you waiting for here, the hotel you are going to is much better, he said and literally his own staff offered their hotel to a guest who hadn't even checked in yet. When I refused the trip and hesitated a bit, they immediately prepared my room and took me. Leaving this problem aside, I can say that the hotel rooms are old but very clean and the food was good except for the dessert. Evening entertainment such as live music was good, but I expected it to appeal more to Turks rather than Russian songs and entertainment aimed at Russians. If you come to the sea, it is quite wavy, but I tried to enjoy it, the pier and beach are beautiful. The pool is clean and large and there is a nice bar. I can say that the drinks are of average quality, not too bad, not too good. Apart from this issue I faced, I can say that this is a value for money hotel. Except for those working at the reception, the other employees were very polite. 33. Yorum: First, the comments I will write are not slander or praise. We stayed at the hotel from 05/09/11/09/2024, 2120 rooms can be checked. I will share the pros and cons from start to finish; **We went there after being told the rooms were old, but haven't had any problems since, but when we first walked into room 1108, the humidity hit us in the face. We reported this to customer service, they took us to another room, you can say we solved this problem, but don't expect anything in the rooms in terms of cleanliness, they said there was no housekeeping, they came and fixed the bed linen , they didn't sweep, they didn't wipe, there was dirt everywhere, the rooms were like that. **Food, first of all, do not cook soup, if possible, it would be crispy, salty, with meat, it would be very tasteless, what is the point of serving meatballs every day? There was nothing like meat as a main course for a week, I can't say the food was tasteless, it was good, but lacked variety, no meatballs every day, no meatballs every day, thanks for the dessert master of sherbet, cakes were not very good, the breakfast was unfortunately mediocre, as was the main course, the same assortment every day, such quality ingredients, can't you appreciate that? (By the way, I made sure that mostly quality materials are used) we have a confectioner who works a lot and makes 4 cakes in 1 hour. You have waited a long time. ++ As for another a la carte restaurant, we had dinner at the meze once, really everything that got on the table was very tasty, well done master. However, for lunch service, you won't be queuing at 12:30, and if you go after 1:30, you won't be able to eat the doner for some reason. **We ate pasta and pizza at the Gusto restaurant. Hi from my brother at the pizzeria, as for the pasta, on the first day the penne with tenderloin was on the menu, they removed it and changed it to chicken to save on meat, it's like a joke :) **As for the bar/drinks, all the bartenders don't know what to do and how to do it do it without him This is such a bar; Even sadder, on the first day all the bars had Jack and Chivas. On the 2nd day they reduced it, besides being hidden in a cabinet in the lobby, there is no whiskey of these brands anywhere in the pool bar, it's a shame...! **Regarding the staff, unfortunately the weakness and indifference of the management is reflected in the full-time staff, the young people are careless, I think it was our sister and Mr. Oktay in the snack bar, thanks for their efforts. **I find the pools quite adequate, we had no problem with the sunbeds, but the pool pavilions take up unnecessary space, hehe the kids aqua and regular aqua are very fun and adequate. ** As for the evening entertainment, there were good and attentive teams, which I have not seen before, DJ performance, etc. maintained cheerfulness, it was nice.. As a result, it would be difficult to consider a second hotel that has such a good location and service with such a poor management approach. Unfortunately, we went there expecting the new business that had changed hands to be more enthusiastic, and we were wrong. By the way, I also want to mention that there was an Iranian population, which I have never seen in any hotel. 34. Yorum: We spent 3 nights and 4 days of vacation with 2 adults and 2 children in the first week of September. We were very pleased with the relaxing atmosphere. First of all, Tatilbudur. com. This hotel was recommended by. We would like to thank our friends at Tatilbudur Customer Service. com. While we expected a standard room for 3 people upon arrival at the hotel, we were very happy to receive a large family room. The friendliness and kind words of the people working at the reception desk are wonderful. The family room we were given was very spacious with a large balcony and a nice view. The rooms are not as old as the comments say. In our opinion, the entertainment team was weak and in our opinion, this is not a good reference for the hotel. Both daytime and especially night activities were bad. The hotel is quite large, so it is crowded. Of course, there may be some downside to the food, but we didn't experience any negativity. The food was tasty and filling. The staff on duty were friendly and very hard working. We want to thank each of them. The water park was nice. It is only natural that they are very sensitive to safety and cleanliness. Preferred hotel for children. Overall, the staff are attentive and friendly, so I will choose this hotel again. 35. Yorum: We were very uncomfortable when we looked at the comments about the vacation we spent with our two children between August 12-16, with the recommendation of Jolly tour. Although it was a busy season, we never experienced long lines for food as mentioned in the comments. The food was delicious, you can eat at any time. The food and drinks were of high quality and we never felt bloated. The rooms have old carpets, but we saw that they had been updated. Regarding room cleaning, they provide explanatory cards for those who want to help. As you know, the times when we will have problems with water are not far off. In order to use it effectively, it aims to ensure that sheets, etc., are cleaned when needed. After all, few people in our house change the sheets every day. Pools were cleaned regularly. All workers were local residents. They were very hospitable, solution oriented, caring and friendly. We especially noticed that SINAN GYULGUN loved his work. He took special care of the guests, offering nice treats between orders. There was no special demand for the adult Aquapark, because all the adults occupied the children's Aquapark. There were even those who left their children and lived their childhood 🤣🤣 For us it was a good holiday 36. Comment: Good evening! We would like to thank all the hotel staff for a wonderful vacation. The hotel is wonderful, large, green territory, at the same time compact, everything is within walking distance. The reception staff are polite and attentive. Everyone is very... 37. Yorum: Now I live in a hotel. First of all, I would like to note the following. Don't make a vacation decision without doing your research and taking the comments into consideration. You will see a lot of negative comments and you will also see positive comments. You will be very torn between negative and positive comments. When I was walking to the hotel I was walking with a question mark, of course the first day I felt negativity and on the second day the negativity piled up and I shared all my ideas and thoughts about it. like a comment here. This is my comment that I just edited. Due to the negative ratings I made, Mr. Mustafa, the guest relations person, contacted me during my stay at the hotel, listened to me very carefully for 30 minutes and explained what caused all the shortcomings and what improvements were needed would be improved. to be done The hotel rooms will be completely renovated, the restaurant will be expanded and much more will be done. The territory is incredibly large and beautiful in every sense. The snack bars are very good, Gusto, Meze, Fellini. The Turkish restaurant, each with delicious appetizers, serves the legendary delicious doner kebab every day. Delicious doner kebab cooked on wood. Of course, it is now hosting guests beyond its capacity, and this is due to the price characteristics. Mr. Mustafa said the price situation will remain because the hotel has changed hands and they will serve new rooms and a new concept next year. I will evaluate it next year. Many thanks again to Mr. Mustafa and staff. 38. Yorum: Greetings, we just left the hotel. My comments below, don't go, you will regret it. I regret every penny I spent. We checked into the hotel, no one paid attention to us, they gave us a room card, we found the room by asking for the address, one represents the hotel, escorts, and if nothing happens, you show a promotional video so that people know what and where to find. The rooms are terribly old, but I thought they were clean. But everything was very old, B TVs. C. The room is completely haliflex, etc. etc. So, apart from cleanliness, mediocre. The food is generally varied, but tasteless, so we were full. Perhaps you see meat in a dream, when you sleep in a hotel, ate barbecue with meat, even there was no food. We ate chicken and giggled. Occasionally grilled fish appeared. The meatballs were the same, but we couldn't eat them, they were like anything but meatballs. This is a 5 star hotel in my opinion, those who run this place should think about what they are doing wrong. Salads and desserts were varied and delicious. The pool is a disaster, dirty, the bottom is stone and it is obvious that it has not been cleaned. The pool bar always smelled different. It looked like they were working in the family business, like they saved the world, it was just a cocktail. Several times we heard them shouting unnecessary slang at foreign tourists, it was quite unpleasant. People give money and get something in return. The person in charge of the water park in a white T-shirt warns that, in his opinion, it is not possible to go in like that and it is not possible to go in like that. He didn't take our child, then as if he was doing us a favor he said ok, come in. There will be a standard, you can write that this age cannot enter etc, these things do not differ from person to person…. So in my opinion the hotel is nice and well located but the management is very mediocre. Of course, it's not in the next plan... 39. Yorum: I really liked the hotel! As if he had visited Italy. The gaze was constantly clinging to something beautiful! Very beautiful territory and thoughtful comfort. Pleasant staff. They even helped me find sneakers that I lost in the lobby on the day of check-in, and I realized... 40. Yorum: Unfortunately, our experience at this hotel turned out to be extremely negative. Firstly, there are no opportunities for a full-fledged rest here. Repair work is carried out right at a quiet hour, and none of our requests, appeals, complaints helped to change the situation. This created significant inconvenience, especially for children. In addition, we encountered sloppy service. During the painting of the paving slabs, the staff did not take care to install the necessary pointers, and as a result, our children got traces of paint on their heels, which had to be wiped off with tools for a long time. It certainly does not match the level of the hotel. It is also worth noting that the hotel does not provide the possibility of hourly extension of the room. For three hours of extension (for children's sleep), we were charged 400 euros (extension per day), which seems extremely inappropriate and unreasonable. Room cleaning (there is practically no cleaning, you need to remind yourself every day), food (monotony and huge queues for dinner), unfortunately, all this left only negative impressions, the big plus of this hotel is the territory, but whether to close your eyes to everything else is up to you . 41. Yorum: In terms of location, this is a very nice place. In general, a nice and high-quality hotel. But the rooms are old. It will be a more successful hotel when it is renovated next year. The reception department is staffed by attentive and responsive employees. But unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the F&B department. Their attitude towards guests could sometimes be strange. But it did not affect our rest. I would like to thank Ms. Sevgi and Ms. Tugchenur from the food and beverage department for their interest and care throughout our vacation. It is also a successful hotel in terms of cleanliness. It is successful in terms of common areas and room cleaning, and its staff is experienced and friendly. 42. Comment: From the moment we entered the hotel, we received very good service. The staff is very friendly and caring. The food is good, but the variety could be improved. The beach and pools are very clean and comfortable. We had the opportunity to use the Italian Ala… 43. Comment: As a family that rests in the hotel every year, we want to share our impressions. We stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in the third week of August. - Despite the fact that the description of the hotel states "RENOVATION", the rooms are very old. Renovated areas are bars and restaurants located on the seashore. I think this detail was deliberately hidden. - The food is good, but the desserts are mediocre and always the same. It seems that the hotel is full. Finding a table at lunchtime or a Meze restaurant is a real "survival" atmosphere. This upsets those who want to relax. The noise in the main restaurant is at maximum level, it is impossible to hear the music etc. - The pool and water park are nice, but you have to get up at 7 in the morning to find a sunbed. - While our holiday package included the right to use the a la carte restaurant, when I wanted to make a reservation, I was told that it was full and could not find a solution. - The team of animators and evening shows are not satisfactory, the whole program is routine. It is necessary to monitor the time at which entertainment or sports are held in the hotel. Announcements of the team of animators do not reach anyone. The notification system is inadequate. - The pastry shop is extremely inadequate, there must be special cakes, they change every day, etc. The snack bar and patisserie offer the same desserts as the restaurant. - Pizza and hamburgers are delicious, gasmander, waffles and baked potatoes are ordinary. 44. Yorum: Hello, we stayed with my family from 4 to 7 September, I would like to thank Mr. Čaglar for his interest, the comments before my departure really scared me, but we had a great vacation, yes, but we only cleaned the room, we went with him a 6 month old baby, everything from soups to desserts was very tasty, we left hungry, I wonder what you eat at home? The snack bar was great. The pool was large and deep enough for everyone, the child was very cheerful! I don't think there should be a charge for the camellias by the pool, why are you charging for all inclusive if we are going to pay extra? As for the sea, the sand was pebbly and very wavy, there was a sudden depth, if you are not a very good swimmer you might have a little difficulty, we are pool swimmers so we had a lot of fun elsewhere. a restaurant on the beach whose name I can't remember, both the service and the taste were excellent, the night entertainment was very good, the dancing and music were excellent, so to sum it up I can wholeheartedly recommend it to those who are thinking of going, let go calmly 45. Yorum: In the hotel where there is service, there is a queue everywhere. The content of the service doesn't matter as long as people are standing in line to get something, because the service is so inadequate that people just say get it while it's there. Friends, is there an hour for ice cream in the hotel, I'm sorry, I correct it, in a five-star luxury hotel. The main restaurant is small, inadequate, stuffy and smelly. Red meat only one or two, there is or is no fish. In hotels where red meat and fish are scarce or not available, chicken and turkey varieties are usually all you want, but this is not the case. the point is here. And how did you convince people to line up for fries before the buffet? For the first time in my life, I saw a hotel where the lobby bar was full, that is, there was nowhere to sit, and I was very surprised. Let me briefly mention the rooms: they are small, old, outdated and uncomfortable. I said ok, the air conditioner is working in the room. Think about the quality of service in the hotel. It's like an aparthotel. Everyone, employees and customers, are very unhappy. The name of the hotel will change next year, so this comment won't have any meaning, but it wouldn't have existed if I hadn't written it. I wish patience to customers who will book rooms under the name next year. 46. Yorum: Hi, as someone who lives in the hotel now, this is a very good hotel. Ignore those who make negative comments. The food, side dishes and salads are delicious, but the same cannot be said about the pastries. The restaurant serves an average of 1,400 people. Of course, the hotel may have queue interruptions 10 minutes before the meal or during the 2.5 hour meal period. Laugh at those who say they were hungry and could not find food. I have no words for those who eat twenty types of food in their normal life, but it is funny when those who eat at most 3 types of food in their normal life. they say they are hungry. The hotel staff are helpful, friendly and caring, I would also like to thank them. Hotel check in time is 14:00 but if you say "I have to leave early maybe they will give us a room" if the room is free then yes otherwise you may have to wait in the lobby for 1/2 /3 hours depending on arrival time If you don't want to wait, you can take your beach clothes, change in the changing room by the pool and start your vacation without waiting for a room. The pools are very large and very interesting for children. There is both a normal children's pool and a water park pool, and the adult water park is also very interesting. For lovers of the sea, the sea was very beautiful, a little wavy sand and small pebbles did not interfere during the day. The rooms are old, but they are not too disturbing. There were negative reviews about the bathrooms, but I didn't see anything negative. We can say that the landscape of the hotel is very beautiful, there are enough forest plantations, there is a long path for those willing to walk. We plan to come again next year, if nothing goes wrong, thanks in advance. 47. Yorum: It was one of the best holidays I've ever had. I want to thank the family and staff of Venezia Palace for making this vacation fun, quality and good. Especially the employees of the guest relations department solve problems very quickly. The hotel area is very large and beautiful. The rooms are old, but comfortable. A la carte restaurants are very tasty. Overall, I liked it. I would like to thank Mr. Ahmet from Guest Relations, Mr. Ahmet the Bell Boy Captain, and the entire front office team, especially Mr. Çaglar from Reception. See you later. 48. Yorum: I was very satisfied with this hotel, where we stayed from 08 to 12 August, it had almost no negative points and it more than met my expectations. Food and drinks are available almost any time of the day, the food is delicious, there are many appetizers, salads, main dishes, pasta and even potatoes, there is also a grill section with meat options, but you have to wait a little while in the restaurant to be seated. The food in the diners, especially the hamburger, was very good, ice cream, waffles and baked potatoes were also available during the day. Alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks are available almost at any time. Alcohol is famous and this surprised me the most 😂🙏🏻 As far as I can see, the pool is big. mainly families with children stay in the hotel. Since the sea was rough and very salty, we generally preferred the pool. The rooms are cleaned regularly, and the minibar has enough drinks. The staff was understanding, friendly, there were enough people in each zone. Our room had a large bed and a small children's bed, the air conditioner cools well, full Wi-Fi in the hotel. On the other hand, I believe the markets are only inside the hotel, they sell cigarettes for 150 TL, I wanted to buy a pair of slippers, the fake Crocs price 1100 TL is a joke😂 Also, the workers at both markets were frowning as if they had to stop, maybe they didn't care because we are Turks. In places like markets and hairdressers, where prices are usually quoted in euros, the fact is that you can be upset if you leave without a supply of cigarettes or things like slippers, swimwear and sunscreen. I was very satisfied with the Venezia palace hotel, where I stayed through ETS tour, I will definitely visit it again. Thank you🙏🏻♥️