1. Yorum: I spent the beginning of my vacation in this so-called 5-star hotel ⭐️. It is well located, the landscape, the beach, everything was magnificent, we liked walking, it was pleasant. The room was ok but not well enough appointed for 5 stars ⭐️. The food was varied for the dishes and quite fresh, they offered a lot of fish and they cooked it well, the desserts did not reflect the 5 stars, too many colors for bad surprises in the mouth. More fresh fruit would have been better. Regarding the customer service, I am very disappointed that there is a preference for Russian customers, the bistro kitchen which serves pizzas at the beach level left us waiting for almost 1h30 without serving us anything to let the orders of Russian customers who came after us go through!!! The service was delayed and sloppy, the waiters and waitresses preferred to play with utensils instead of caring about the customers, they did not understand the language and could not even understand the dissatisfaction of their customers. They lack training in active reception for a 5 star ⭐️. When we say 5 stars, we have to know how to be important to all customers and not just those who drink alcohol and who are white. Regarding cleanliness, there was always a bad smell in the entrance hall and a lot of flies in the restaurant!!! I do not recommend this hotel! 2. Yorum: A huge spring, the size of a neighborhood: extraordinary.. Attentive and very friendly service. Improved bus service, to connect rooms, beach, swimming pools, restaurants. Mainly to compensate for the distance differences between buildings. But above all the sloping layout of the place. Catering open all day from 7:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. I recommend for families. 3. Yorum: Very good hotel, the sea, the swimming pool and the rooms are very far away, which is a shame, otherwise the entertainment is great! I recommend. The paid wifi is also disappointing but works very well once paid. A variety of food quite good and good. 4. Yorum: We were assured of a very clean hotel, top notch with lots of charm, with every comfort! We ended up with a dirty room that smelled bad! The shower water was stagnant! Drainage problem! You had to walk a long way to get to the sea and the swimming pool! In terms of catering, it was acceptable! 5. Yorum: Truly an admirable and warm place thanks to an excellent welcome (I salute the best receptionist Yaşar kaçmaz), a terrace with an exceptional view, perfect equipment and bedding. The food is very good The location is great This is definitely where we will come back on our next vacation, thank you Senza hotel 🛬❤️🇹🇷 6. Yorum: Very bad surprise on arrival, disgusting food, very poorly laid out room, zero waiter, they don't understand anything, even worse at reception, the setting is magnificent, but luckily we changed hotels 7. Yorum: I do not recommend this hotel, I am currently there, 8. Yorum: Hello, the check-in date at Senza Garden Holiday Club Hotel is October 12, 2024 and the check-out date is October 18, 2024. We had a vacation with my wife and left the hotel today. I would like to tell you sincerely what we experienced. At the reception, Mrs. Ayşe greeted us with a smiling face, checked us in in a short time, gave us 2 beach towel cards, gave us a very nice room and sent us to lunch. M. Cemil took us to the building where. we would stay in the car, take our suitcase up to our room and say, "If you need anything, please call me, I'd love to help you." Our room had a view of the pool and the forest. The hotel has 2 large swimming pools, but the most beautiful one is on the beach. The sea is like a specially designed swimming pool, it is beautifully clean and there are no waves thanks to the mountain. on the sand and breakwater side. Anyway, we never felt the need to go to a restaurant at lunchtime, because you sit at a table and the waiters come to take your orders at home. table. I would like to thank all the employees working at the beach for their smiling faces and services. Much respect. Thanks also to the animation team. Thanks to the sister who made amazing pancakes. Housekeeper Gülhan YÜKSEL cleaned our room spotlessly every day and our room smelled great, thank you. Note: The location of the dining room is AMAZING The sea beach is AMAZING The employees are all friendly and try to help. Anyone who says they are hungry in this hotel would be ungrateful to me. Even though the food was plentiful and ordered to capacity, we did not spend our time in lines waiting for food. The dining room is very large and we ate with a wonderful view. from the sea. Walking to the beach can be tiring only for very old people. It is 200 steps from the cafeteria to the beach, although vehicles come and go from the beach every half hour. 9. Yorum: I'm not really one to write reviews, but I think this hotel really needs one. ||To begin with, this hotel is known as a 5 star and honestly I don't understand how, because it barely pushes a 2...10. Yorum: AVOID! We arrived at 1am and were disappointed to find that the two rooms we had booked were not available. Instead, we were given a single room for four adults and told to return to reception in the morning to resolve the issue. The reception area had an unpleasant smell and the atmosphere was quite miserable, with other guests lingering around. The room we were given was nothing like what was advertised online. It looked more like a dated, dirty hostel from the 1980s. The next day we were finally given two rooms, but they were far from the five-star standard we had expected and were still in dire need of renovation. The bathroom in one of the bedrooms was leaking water all over the sink and the shower was broken for two days before it was fixed. The shower drain was clogged with hair and generally dirty. The rest of the room was dark, with barely working air conditioning, uncomfortable and old beds, and an empty minibar. We had to get our own towels from the spa, which were thin, worn and felt like sandpaper. On a positive note, the hotel representative we met was very nice and helpful, although he did mention that this hotel was one of the worst in the area, with very little to do. No information was provided on the hotel's facilities. the emphasis was instead on selling excursions. The pool bar was disappointing. It smelled like garbage and the tables and chairs were sticky, like they hadn't been cleaned in ages. There was no table service, just long lines at the bar, where only one person was serving. The drinks were mediocre, with only one type of beer and wine served in cheap little plastic cups. The cocktails tasted like soap. We spent most of our time by the sea, but you have to get there at dawn to get an old deckchair for the day. You are also prohibited from passing the Senza Hotel area, as the guards enforce you to stay in your area. The beach bar offered the same limited selection of drinks, but the toilets were even worse, with ceilings covered in mold. On a positive note, the food was good, with a nice selection available. However, you must arrive on time for dinner to guarantee a table. The staff were very hardworking and friendly, which was one of the few redeeming aspects of our stay. 11. Yorum: This was the 4th hotel we stayed at this summer. The previous ones were all very bad individually. Holidays at the Senza M garden. Kadir Gözüdegmez welcomed us very kindly as soon as we entered the hotel, we were very happy to be his guests. We thank him once again. In addition, the staff is very respectful and works meticulously, and we have accumulated a maximum of good memories with them. The gastronomic event at the hotel was perfectly organized in a way we had never seen before. You can find something to eat at almost every stop. Even though Aqua is in a separate location, crepes are even available. The flavors are many and delicious like crepes at the pool bar, hamburgers, pizzas at the snack bar, etc. and your order is taken at the table without queuing and served to your table. This is a nice detail compared to other hotels. The most important part is the food at the restaurant, Executive Chef Mustafa Ergin is the master and the excellent flavors of his food are mind-blowing. We also thank him very much. When we saw the hotels where we had starved to death before, our stomachs felt happy here. We had a great time between nature and gastronomy. Due to the nature of the hotel it offers a wonderful environment, although people who like the apartment concept and stone buildings say they struggle. A clean and tidy hotel surrounded by nature with a magnificent view. Many details have been taken into account. Friends who complain about the walk up from the beach, it would be more fair if you also told us about the shuttles that take you from the beach to your room. From now on, I will plan my vacation and make my reservations at the hotel where the staff is located who prepare these meals and welcome us with great kindness. Executive Chef Mustafa Usta is almost there now. Continue to follow Master Mustafa and Mr. Kadir.. one last thing, the pastries, breads and pancakes are very good, we ate them with pleasure. We would also like to thank Master Mehmet. We had a lot of fun and gained some weight. 12. Yorum: I was really nervous before we arrived because of negative reviews. I'm glad I made my own decision. ALL staff were pleasant, helpful and accommodating from the first minute. We tipped a little because it was deserved, but we had excellent hospitality even when we didn't. The pools were great. The beach is a bit gravelly but still a nice place. The food was standard all inclusive but with plenty of choice and very well done. The beer was cold and tasty. Cocktails are not my cup of tea but a normal choice of wines and spirits. Get over the fact that it's hilly and a bit of walking and it was a lovely holiday for all 4 of my group. Thanks to Senzo Gardens. 13. Yorum: Hello everyone!|Maybe for the first time in my life I will write a review that is not entirely positive. |We stayed at the Senza Garden Holiday Club from 19.09. As of 26/09.|I am a very experienced Turkish traveler, as it is already … 14. Yorum: When I booked this hotel, I felt that the rooms were modern, spacious and clean. However, we found that the photos look nothing like reality. The shower is a little dirty, I guess it's hair from previous guests. We paid for a week all inclusive. The food, breakfast, dinner and tea are the same. Bachelor. Jour. Every day we had to eat chips and (cold) onion rings due to lack of options. The pool bar near the hotel absolutely stinks, really unpleasant to enjoy. The staff are polite and pleasant. However, this was advertised as a five-star all-inclusive resort. This is not the case. 15. Yorum: Never trust bad reviews! The hotel is very beautiful, it is actually a holiday village, with very large buildings. Imagine this, there is a hotel entrance and lobby and they are spread out block by block like a huge site. Water pool. The large swimming pool and beach are all within walking distance. It's quite natural, of course. The working children are like gold, they all work as hard as they can, I have talked to many of them, some of them are our brothers from the East who came abroad, some of them are studying at university. So dear to all employees and to Kadir Abiye on the beach. The rooms are old but clean! The view and the atmosphere are magnificent. The large swimming pool is very good. The food can be improved a little more. As a family we were very happy with our week's vacation. There is only one big problem! Foreign guests staying at the hotel. Especially the Russians. My friend, stop acting like a cannibal, be a little nicer. I was ashamed of my humanity. There is no respect or understanding when buying food and taking the shuttle to the beach. You are a guest in another country and you are behaving inhumanely towards the people of that country. Come to your senses... Unfortunately, no matter which hotel we go to, the scenario is the same. Foreigners who don't know respect, love. and manners are far from human values, especially Russian ones!!! As I said, the hotel gives more than its money's worth. Would I go back? My request to the hotel management is to increase the quality of alcohol and the quality of beds and pillows in the rooms. Uncomfortable bed pillow. And the alcohols are wine-based. It needs to be developed. 16. Yorum: First of all, we stayed for 5 nights. The location of the restaurant is incredibly beautiful, that was my favorite part. Of course, when you criticize, you also have to take the price into account. Our room was clean and we always had hot water. The air conditioning was quite adequate. Even though we're in the middle of nowhere, you're still far from somewhere, you're walking and climbing hills, the campus is incredibly messy. You can only get to the beach by shuttle. The burgers and pizzas next to the beach are very good as well as the fries. In the water park above, a chicken doner is served between hamburger buns. :) Overall, the open buffet is very varied, you won't leave hungry, but don't expect too much, you will just be satisfied. Don't expect red meat etc. The drinks are generally adequate, I know places where they are much worse. The service in plastic cups is not pleasant and the smell in the main bar is indescribable. If you tip, everyone is at your service. Apart from that, nobody cares, except for a few staff of course, since we are Turkish. Generally you can go there if you can afford it, but it still makes sense to pay the same amount for a one-building hotel right in the city center. We buy an ultra all-inclusive concept service, but fresh fruit juices, Turkish coffee and ice creams are sold at €, what do we do with them? 17. Yorum: In terms of location availability, you enter from the inside on the right, continue left and go through another hotel, but what I mean by actual location is that there is a staircase, you go up to the hotel restaurant with a 60 degree incline. , not on a ramp. If you are a family with children, do not go there. You develop leg muscles. I stayed in a room near the pool so it's a matter of moving from left to right, God help those in different parts of the hotel. The guy at the pool bar, I think his name was Murat, was good and offered different suggestions. The staff were generally friendly but it felt like foreigners were treated differently. The food was stable and they tried to prepare it differently. I would rate it 6 out of 10 based on my tastes, but some days there were dishes that performed 9/10. If you are not a foodie, you will not be upset. Our room was bad and old, but I think it was due to our request and the air conditioning was insufficient. The maid was the king. Oh, you can't benefit from certain things, for example, there is a barbecue bistro. , it is not open, but even if it is open, finding its place is a problem. There is a sister who makes pancakes, the man is rude, he comes and goes as he pleases, I was able to catch him once every 4 days, and then he kept saying "take it, present it all" and he sent him back. There is no need to compete for levels. Finally, if you own such a hotel, you must show the premises and inform them. This is not possible by giving you a paper. The correct term is mountain, not garden. 18. Yorum: We had 14 people on vacation for two weeks! We loved everything, fun, warm and good. The views are magnificent, the view from the room was breathtaking. The food is excellent, for all … 19. Yorum: Total disappointment, never again This vacation was a total disaster. Let's start with the food – horrible. Every day it was the same bland, tasteless garbage. I expected at least some variety, but what they serve here wouldn't even pass muster in a cheap restaurant. Calling it “all-inclusive” is a joke: everything tastes like bad fast food. After just one day we wanted to pack up and leave, fully aware that we wouldn't get our money back, but we didn't care because the place is absolutely disgusting. We even considered paying extra to book our own transportation home, but no flights were available. That's how serious it was. Then there is cleanliness. Or lack thereof. Dirt and stench everywhere. It's like no one here has ever heard of cleaning. For a hotel that claims to be a family resort, the hygiene standards are absolutely unacceptable. And the land? If you like climbing steep hills every day, you will love this place. But otherwise, avoid this place. The endless uphill walk will kill your legs unless you are a trained athlete. In the end, it was just money thrown out the window. Honestly, if I had given that money to a homeless person, I would have felt better than after spending a week in that dump. 20. Yorum: I just got back yesterday and decided to write a review right away! We were a group of 14 people and stayed there for two weeks. We liked everything, the food was excellent, very tasty, porridge, … 21. Yorum: Hello, It is a real shame that the hotel has such a beautiful location and is so poorly used. A magnificent view, magnificent nature, a magnificent sea. Those are all nice things to say anyway. Let's talk about the bad sides of the hotel... First of all, the rooms are really old, neglected and not clean! The layout of the hotel is completely tiring, it's certainly not a place without facilities, and the worst part is that none of the social areas are close to each other. To get from the beach to the pool, you have to climb a hill for 10 minutes. (it's really steep and really tiring) or you have to make a big effort to go from your room to the restaurant. I wrote them just because they came to my mind, but everything in the hotel is so far away that you really get tired of going to some places. Of course, you don't have to walk. A shuttle runs around the hotel every hour. If you can find a place or make the time, you can use it. Hotel staff must undergo serious training. Do you mean wiping sweat on the restaurant tablecloths, talking bad words to each other, or worse, I've seen people insult foreign guests because they didn't understand them. You have to spend at least 15 minutes to get a drink at the pool bar because the queue is never short. The variety of dishes is very low. We spent 5 nights on vacation and only got to eat meatballs once. Other than that, look for red meat to find it... I'm not even talking about the drinking part, we're a couple. who don't drink alcohol, we couldn't drink anything but coke and fanta during the whole vacation. Anyway, we didn't have many alternatives :) The hotel advertises itself as an ultra all-inclusive concept, but such a thing is out of the question. I don't understand how Turkish coffee or ice cream can be sold for money in an ultra all-inclusive concept. In summary, I never recommend this hotel. You will not be able to enjoy what you eat or drink, nor sleep peacefully in your room. You will ruin your vacation by constantly climbing hills, getting tired and constantly complaining during the vacation. 22. Yorum: We rested together in this hotel from 27:05 to 06:06: me and my teenage daughter. Check-in was before 2:00pm (you can ask and if there is a room available they will check you in). Initially we were given a room at the highest point of the hotel, but after some negotiation, as well as the step of the administrator offering a "family room" (additional payment of $150), we were given a room next to the reception. (room 843, no extra payment). Location and territory The hotel is located on the outskirts, on a mountain, next to the highway. Every walk is a form of fitness, from hill to hill. You can travel by minibus, route: reception - SPA Center - beach (according to timetables). There are many beautiful places to take pictures and just relax. There is a children's playground, sports horizontal bars in a separate area, a gazebo next to the reception, 2 swimming pools (one next to the restaurant; the other at the top of the hotel, with 3 slides), a petting zoo. There is nowhere to walk outside the territory, but you can get by public transport (bus 50) to Alanya (15-20 minutes) or Konakli (10 minutes) Number The "standard" room looked neat. It was clear that cosmetic repairs had been made, but the furniture was old, the refrigerator was on its last legs, and the air conditioner was so dirty and dusty we were afraid to turn it on. White linen, hard mattress - a good bed. The bathroom was poorly lit, the shower cubicle had a strange design and every wash left an ocean on the floor of the room, there was a powerful hairdryer and washing equipment: gel, shampoo and soap. The balcony overlooked another hotel and partly the sea, there were a few chairs and a table, as well as a very handy clothes horse. Service Immediately after check-in (8:00am) we were given wristbands and sent to breakfast (more for the treatments). The cleaning of the room left a lot to be desired: the floor was simply mopped, the bed was not always properly made, you had to go and change the towels yourself. A very big disadvantage is the zero level of knowledge of Russian and English among the staff (especially cleaning and security staff). The food was good. There was enough of everything, everything was fresh - we didn't leave hungry. Meat (mainly turkey, chicken, fish, semi-finished products, breakfast sausages), vegetables (tomatoes, cucumbers, herbs, olives, etc.), fruits (apples, oranges, grapefruit and watermelon), sweets, lunch and dinner soups, beer and wine. Wide variety of marinated cheeses for breakfast. The only and most unpleasant thing was that from time to time there were dirty dishes and a lack of cups, glasses and mugs (instead, paper or plastic cups were placed). In principle, the restaurant was clean and tasty. There are 3 bistro bars (fast food) on the beach (menu: pizza, salad, pasta and burger with fries, drinks); by the pools (drinks, gozleme flatbreads, etc.) I was surprised by the availability of a night breakfast (from 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.). The bar next to the reception offered drinks and small snacks in the form of various biscuits. There was entertainment: during the day - by the pool with a restaurant, in the evening - in the amphitheater. Every day there was a disco and children's shows, which, unfortunately, were often repeated in their design and could not always be called interesting. Beach The beach was relatively clean, with sand and a good sunset. There are deckchairs with mattresses under the awnings. BUT a lot of garbage floated in the sea for 2 days in a row (we found a syringe, a tampon, a toothbrush and much more - a very unpleasant sight) After this situation, they pretended to clean the sea, but the remains of garbage sometimes arrived in the evening. I would also like to point out that before the start of the summer season (i.e. until June 1) there were no lifeguards or buoys (as if people did not drown and end up in the open sea until summer). Conclusion Overall I liked the hotel, a solid 4. There were more pleasant experiences than negative ones. Thank you for the great vacation! 23. Yorum: I had a long stay at the hotel. Therefore, I will give detailed information. 1. It would be helpful to use signage for those who will come to the hotel by car. 2. The reception was good. They were very helpful. This is one of the few things I can comment positively about this hotel. 3. I thought the sea was beautiful. It has a mixed beach of pebbles and sand. But it doesn't hurt your feet. There are small rocks. Just pay attention to them. I think the warmth and cleanliness of the sea is pleasant. Sometimes you jump off the pier at the next hotel. 4. You can use a long staircase or a shuttle service to reach the sea from the hotel. Sometimes when the shuttle doesn't arrive, you have to climb the stairs. Going down the stairs is no problem, but going up the stairs is a big problem. Our brother who provides the shuttle service is friendly. 5. All the hotel's entertainment is designed for the pool. There is no activity at sea. There is a beach bar by the sea, but only beer and cola varieties are available. In an ultra all-inclusive concept hotel, you will only be able to access cocktails at the pool bar. The room only has 4 cocktails :) Dinner at the 6th restaurant opens at 7:30pm. But don't get upset just yet. You can't easily walk into a restaurant. The gentlemen make their guests (sorry, CUSTOMERS) wait at the door. For example, did you arrive 5 minutes early? You are waiting in a crowd at the door. But similar punctuality is not expected when it comes to picking up dirty plates from your table. 7. If we talk about meals, you won't be hungry, but you won't be full either. You eat a lot of pasta. Our 8th room that was assigned to us was good. 9. Hotels treat their customers like guests. Don't have such expectations in this hotel. The point is, you'll get pancakes. One person receives 5 pieces of flatbread. There is nothing more. Do you want more? They tell you to get in line again and get it back. Very interesting. The hotel should retain its ultra all-inclusive concept. Giving drinks in a glass cup doesn't make you an all-inclusive ultra. Pay attention to customer satisfaction. At the 10th restaurant, drinks are served in glass glasses. But it is placed on the counter in advance to avoid crowds. Guess what happens to previously poured drinks. Gas is escaping :) Brain Cube 11. My favorite part of the hotel is the location of the restaurant. You can dine with a beautiful view. As much as you can eat 12. You will go to the restaurant in the morning. The staff working in the hotel shops may greet you with bad language. Cover your children's ears :) Friends, you can use bad words among yourselves. But you have to know how to speak in public. If you don't know, the hotel you are staying at should let you know. But hiiiiiiiii? Conclusion: Friends who will go to the hotel, think in detail. A hotel that I absolutely do not recommend. 24. Yorum: We chose Sanze at the last minute, we bought the hotel at a very good price. Large complex with two swimming pools and a private beach. If you get a room at the top of the resort, expect to walk a lot. The hotel has 5 stars but deserves three or less. Many people come from Russia. My expectations were not high - clean and tasty food, but unfortunately they were not met :(. Hotel advantages: Private beach Food at the beach bar - even good (Burger, fries, pizza). We had a large room with a sea view, the hotel has many rooms of this type. The main restaurant also overlooks the sea. A large installation and it feels like you are in a city. A bus transporting people from the hotel to the beach and vice versa. Cons: Chickens running around the main pool. Dirty and smelly - The Turks in the restaurant did not always clean the tables after the guests, placing the cutlery on dirty tablecloths. When they behave like this in a restaurant, it's scary to think about how they prepare the food. Cigarettes - smoking is not allowed in public places in Turkey, but smoking is allowed everywhere: in restaurants, on deck chairs by the pool, on the beach. In the evening, the queues at the bar are 20 metres long. We were given a room where we had to use force to close the shower door. The bathroom was generally in a deplorable state, dirty and damaged. We arrived at night, got a room about 50m from reception, I asked where to go, and the gentleman told me to wait for the bus and that the hotel was very big. The gentleman showed us around the entire hotel, carrying other guests, and in the end we ended up in almost the same place ;). It's nice to walk around the station with Turk after a long journey. My overall impression is bad, I definitely do not recommend this hotel and will never return. 25. Yorum: Before planning our 4 night vacation we looked at the reviews and my wife and I said "let's not be fooled by the reviews, we're not that unhappy people" and made our vacation reservation. When we started our holiday, we encountered a very nice atmosphere, the welcome was nice, we settled into our room, we went to the sea, we ate burgers and pizzas on the beach, they were really nice as written here. In the evening our problems began, we arrived in the room, we wanted to take a shower, there was no hot water, we called the reception saying that it would come in 5 minutes, it would come in 10 minutes, and the next day we began to encounter unpleasant and disrespectful attitudes from the hotel staff in the bar and restaurant during the day. I found it a bit ridiculous that restaurant meals were called open buffet, or table d'hôte, almost every day the same main course or its derivative, sugar-free desserts that didn't even change their location. When we went to our room the 2nd night we were told the hot water was faulty and our room had been changed. In the room we just passed, this time the toilet was not flushing, I started walking around the room like Recep İvedik's. line "Is it broken?" Let me summarize briefly: if you like mountaineering, if you want to be treated like 2nd class just because you are Turkish (the staff is very interested in foreign tourists, you can't attract attention if you are Turkish), if you don't like If you want to enjoy the food you eat, this will be the ideal hotel for you, don't look elsewhere. 26. Yorum: This hotel was disappointing for us. Luckily we are only staying here for 2 days. There is definitely no 5 star hotel feel. Plastic cups and plastic chairs are served. The hotel bar serves only beer and hot drinks. The pool bar and surrounding area smells bad, and there is always a queue in the evening. It takes 10-15 minutes walk from the main building to the beach (hill and stairs). The rooms and houses closer to the beach are nicer. The beach towels are very old and stained. The first night there was no hot water to take a shower (there was some during the day). Today there is no running water in the shower (neither hot nor cold). We called the front desk and the clerk had no information. He said they would send someone or examine him, but no one came and no information was given. Good things; The location of the hotel, the employees are polite (especially the friends at the reception) and do their best. The view from the main restaurant is magnificent. The food is not bad (the desserts are not very good). The soups are delicious. The sea is very clean. In summary, if you are looking for a comfortable 5 star hotel, this is not the right address. 27. Yorum: Located in a rocky bay, planted with pine trees, roses, hibiscus and shrubs, other flowers, I don't know the name. Residential buildings and restaurants stretch from the bay to the top of the cliff. The bay has … 28. Yorum: The first room we got was a complete disaster: fungus in the couch, unvaccinated floor, vermin behind the shelves, etc. When we argued about a new room, it was already clean. I don't know if we were unlucky with the first one and they are all clean, or if you have to specifically ask for a clean room. Ants in the rooms. The service seems to have mood swings - the gentleman at the front desk is sometimes nice, sometimes rude. The food was repetitive, as is usually the case in All Inclusive, but it was not bad (very good fresh bread at the grill stand). About 200 steps from the beach. For us it was not a problem, but it is better to take it into account, just like walking uphill. You can go to the beach and back by bus, but you don't have to stick to the schedule. The water in the pool is colder than the sea, but it doesn't matter. The music at the pool is extremely loud, but that may also be a matter of preference. Near Alanya - taxi about 13 euros. This is definitely not a 5 star hotel!!!!! 29. Yorum: The hotel is located in a beautiful location, on a hill, right by the sea. We had a beautiful sea view from the room. The hotel is very big, there are many attractions, the hotel staff is amazing, they take care of every detail, they are very kind and helpful, you can really feel like a king. The hotel manager is also a fantastic man. The restaurant has a great selection of food, they serve something different every day, the food is of high quality. Rooms are cleaned daily. A beautiful sea view from the restaurant. I highly recommend this hotel 30. Yorum: Not recommended in our opinion. Unfortunately there was no trace of cleanliness in the accommodation. From holes in the ceiling to dirt in the “freshly made” beds to cobwebs in the bedroom, everything was… 31. Yorum: We just finished our stay in September at this hotel. As for the advantages: - the location of the hotel; on a hill, beautiful view of the sea, private beach but very small. We had a room with a water view which was a big plus. It's quite quiet and peaceful around here, there's plenty of greenery to take a break away from the city. - tasty cuisine, a large selection, especially sweets. -it's worth going for a massage for an extra fee because it's wonderful. - near the bus stop to go to Alanya. And that's where the pros and cons of this place end: - the rooms, or rather the bathroom, are in a deplorable state. No sliding door in the shower, broken flush. The room was only cleaned after about 3 days, or rather the towels were just replaced, - generally very dirty - everywhere. The hotel is old, I'm a little afraid to use some things. It looked like it was about to collapse in some places. There were ants on the restaurant table!!! - terrible alcohol, served in plastic. I feel bad after drinking these drinks. Of course, there were people who were given alcohol in glasses, but these were mainly people of Russian origin. - unpleasant smells in some places of the hotel, probably because the waste was stored right in the center of the hotel - paid WiFi, paid popcorn, paid corn on the beach, paid fresh fruit juice. I felt like the hotel wanted to make extra money on everything, so why the all-inclusive option? - clean beach, but small, neglected, old and dirty sun loungers. I would go back just to get a massage and walk the leafy streets. In short, the hotel has already had its glory days. Potential currently unused and neglected. Pity. I don't recommend it. 32. Yorum: We also encountered most of the issues mentioned in the comments. First of all, the rooms were so old that we couldn't charge our phone. I could feel the springs of the bed that was brought in later, it was an extremely bad bed. The food wasn't too bad. In my opinion, the best thing about the hotel is the restaurant area, thanks to its view. Some employees were very disrespectful. Since the majority were Russians, they spoke freely because they did not understand. The pool was very dirty and there were oils on its surface. We preferred the pool upstairs, it was cleaner, but going up there was also death. Also, when we arrived at the hotel, we went to the beach of the neighboring hotel because we did not understand the places belonging to the hotel. It was an extremely complicated place and it was really difficult to move from one place to another. Everywhere was hilly. In fact, when we met another Turk, he also complained about this situation. There should be more signage, everything is chaotic for first timers. Yes, everything is directly proportional to the price, but unfortunately we were disappointed. we encountered something worse than those in the photo. 33. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 7 days, do not take seriously anyone who gives this hotel 4 points or more, the reviews are misleading, I am sorry, but they have never stayed in a good hotel in their life, unfortunately they gave 5 mediocre. stars. The human population of the hotel is 90% Russian, although there are also people of other nationalities, there are very few local tourists, of course there are no problems in this regard. The food is 2.5 at most, let's force 3 stars, there is variety but no taste, most of the variety is wasted, everything you consume in the middle of the hours is either ready-made products or very simple food, do not expect quality because the alcohol is local, there will be nothing for you from morning to night. In this heat, water will make you happier, don't torture your body, morning, noon and dinner times are chaos, the area where you eat your main meal smells very bad, the ventilation is poor, you can breathe a little when you go out on the terrace, I don't have a word to say to the employees, I hope their salaries satisfy them necessarily. ordeal, once dinner time is over, alcohol is only served by the pool, there is an endless queue for hours, and while the alcohol is already of poor quality, it gets depressing waiting in line. The seating areas are very bad, you have to sit at the tables and chairs where you eat, a pleasant conversation in the evening is imaginary. If you have never been to Alanya, do not come, spend a vacation in the Aegean, do not suffer. heat or sacrifice that humidity with your money. The beach is normal, unfortunately the sea is bad, there are waves even though the end part looks like a breakwater, the sea is not clean, it smells, for information, we stayed in the pool except the first day, I would never plan a vacation based on the pool, but we had to, it was the only pleasant part when we were socializing with people. Anyway, look, in the comments, people who can't put two words together are trying to steer you, your opportunities may be limited, you may want to choose this hotel for its price and performance, believe me, this is not such a place, you may have a heart spasm walking to your room on the beach, this is the first time we choose a hotel where we are the victim of comments, this happened to us He came for the first time, we will not come. Again in Alanya, we will not come back to Alanya, medals should be given to people who live here and are used to these weather conditions, life here will not be longer, it will be very short, I am sorry. The hotel rating is 1 in my opinion, 2 for the efforts of the employees, the view is good, the social areas are extremely poor compared to this view, the very old rooms smell of damp, hot and cold water is a constant problem, you use the sink with disgust, every day in the hotel somewhere is broken, even the showers are a joke, the last time they suffered a tornado was at the beach. If you have read this review and decided to stay at this hotel, you. have already accepted a bad vacation. Have a nice holiday in advance. The hotel is very old, it is probably accepting its last customers before going bankrupt... 34. Yorum: We have been holidaying in hotels for years and usually read the reviews and go accordingly, but this hotel was a complete fiasco, I always read reviews like this; People are not happy, after all I would say how bad it could be, but this hotel answered that question very well, it is as bad as it can be. Would you like to take a vacation to Tatilbudur again? Repentance. When we booked our holiday we asked if the hotel was suitable for us, especially as we had children and a pushchair. We said it seemed like a climb and they said they would give us a room accordingly, but when we arrived it was not like that at all, we were literally miserable with the child, it took us half an hour each time to get in and out of the stroller, and it was extremely tiring in hot weather. vacation is torture in that sense. *Meals; I mean, it's God's blessing, but I've never seen such bad food in any hotel. There is no meat, but at least the chicken and turkey are good, but even that is not there, everything was extremely tasteless and tasteless, some dishes were literally sour and spoiled. We would be hungry without pizza and burgers, but we have to eat them because there is no other choice. In short, the food is bad. *Location; The location is very nice and we liked the sea. The views while eating are extremely good, but the food is so bad that it's hard to focus on it, so this good feature doesn't work either. *Service; We liked the staff and found them attentive, but the room service is bad, they come and leave toilet paper in the room and leave. *Rooms; I don't want to extend it at all, it's a shame. Overall, it's a hard hotel to like. Read the reviews and take them seriously. If you want to go somewhere really bad, go there. 35. Yorum: This was the worst hotel I have stayed in in a long time in terms of hotel service, quality, vision and professionalism. This is an average quality aparthotel, which has fallen into the hands of uneducated and rude employees due to lack of management, and is not suitable for Alanya hotel management. *As the hotel is located on a dispersed campus and on sloping terrain, it is necessary to travel very long distances. *The rooms are not in the concept of a star hotel, but in the quality of a mid-range apart-hotel. Lots of parasites. Sometimes there is no water. The landscape is ancient. Cleaning is insufficient. *Towel service is inadequate and staff is rude. *Food is very poor, red meat is almost non-existent. For example, I couldn't eat a dessert in 7 nights, food colored cakes. *Since a full-fledged drinks service is provided from a single 4 square meter bar on an 80,000 decares plot, the queues are very long. *The hotel does not have a professional management policy, it is ownerless, the work is done or not thanks to the personal efforts of the department heads. My Lord, things are going well. *Unfortunately, the vision of tourism presented to the people of the world is displayed with the image of uneducated employees. *I have heard this phrase dozens of times, from top managers to the lowest-skilled employees; “Turkish guests usually behave like this and do that.” Untrained employees do not want or like Turkish guests. They don't know that Turks also come on holiday paying money. *there is no full drink service on the beach, you have to walk uphill (10 minutes uphill) *Full drink service is only available at the pool bar (10 minutes uphill when swimming in the sea) What is good about this hotel? God's blessings are beautiful! The weather is nice, the sea is beautiful. (Unruffled and dirty) The few employees who don't slack off towards tourists and do their job with a smile are friendly. The pizza at Beach Bar is good; Kadir Chef and Mahsun Bey are excellent, kind and hardworking people. A professional manager in an emergency; I hope they find a manager who is truly educated in management and public relations, far from the mentality of "I've been in this business for 30 years". (What happened to me the day I entered the hotel) Since he didn't say "Can I have pizza" and I politely asked for pizza in Turkish, I told my 10 and 9 year old children at the beach bar service in the evening that "M…. The friend who wrote "", who is Western (!) and whose native language is English (!), did not bring pizza to my children. 36. Yorum: First of all, if you prefer a quiet place, this is one of the nice hotels you can choose. The mountain, the sea and the forest give peace. There have been many comments about the food. You won't find 10 types of turkey dishes like in other hotels. There are some carefully made choices, but this is definitely not a hotel where you can leave on an empty stomach. Especially the seafood restaurant is very good. The lack of ice cream service is a disadvantage for families with children. All kinds of drinks are served in their bars, only at the pool bar. Other bars only serve beer and cocktails. This doesn't make much sense, but since the new bar manager Gamze, whom I met during my stay, showed from day one that she is very well equipped in this area, I think it will be greatly improved. If you are looking for animation or evening entertainment, you will not find it here. As for the issue of slopes and stairs, unfortunately there is no other option due to its location. But shuttles still provide transport within the hotel. Just call reception. The rooms are very clean but their furniture and design are old. They are very good at cleaning. Even the toilets in the open spaces are clean. The view at dinner is magnificent. First impressions are always very important. We would like to thank Mr. Cemil, who greeted us with a smile a few seconds after we entered the hotel, for his kindness. 37. Yorum: Delete and throw aside all the comments you have read about the SENZA GARDEN HOLIDAY holiday village. Here is a real review for you: I took advantage of the early booking before the holiday and booked into this holiday village with cancellation fees. But later, some negative comments I read almost turned into a nightmare for my wife and me. I got into trouble and almost called the tourist authority and cancelled my booking, which I happily spent in this wonderful atmosphere. Listen to me the truth about this matter. Now I tell you exactly the impression that SENZA GARDEN HOLIDAY left on me, with its location and visuals, with a delicious taste, and benefiting from my personal experiences with its social events. SENZA HOLIDAY GARDEN The first impression I got from the holiday village was that it is a wonderful tourist paradise. Even though it's autumn, there are foreign tourists everywhere. This holiday village is flooded with tourists. , mostly young people, coming from Europe, Russia and Ukraine. The criterion is as follows: as the density of accommodation in a place of accommodation increases, the enthusiasm of the employees of the approved company increases in parallel with the taste and flavor of its meals and the care taken in its offerings. It is exactly the same in this holiday village. We were very satisfied. As for the accommodation costs, considering the conditions offered by the hotel and the conditions of the day, I think I had a very affordable vacation. I can say that they make money from hosting. If you don't mind walking up and down to the sea in the rooms that are located sea side but on the slopes, a magnificent view under your feet can refresh your soul. I can feel and observe the happiness of my guests. Everything has been thought of in this holiday village built on hundreds of thousands of square metres. The service is provided in all areas in a fun and honest spiral. Walking down to the beach from the hillside sea view rooms, waiting for the safari bus that runs every half hour, going up and down the stairs or the adjacent hill may be difficult for some, but it was not a problem for me. Even though I am 70 years old, on the contrary, I was very happy that walking had become a sport. In the short term, I got back into great shape. The rooms are simple, nothing extravagant. An endless view of the sea embraces you. You will be able to rest your eyes on this unique view while watching the horizon stretch out to the depths of the Mediterranean. You find yourself alone with a view of nature and the sea that you will not be able to get enough of from the balcony of your room. A deep blue sea, like a magnificent sheet, smiles in your face. The rooms are simply furnished, there is no exaggeration in luxury, but they are large, comfortable and spacious and fit for purpose. You can find happiness even in your bedroom. The maid cleaned the room every day with an understanding of hygiene and cleaning, and did not forget to change all the sheets, duvet cover and towels every three days. While the Senza Holiday Club bar overlooking the pool serves you until midnight, it is very pleasant to sip your drinks and chat by the pool. There is more and less of everything in the hotel concept. There is more, but we only spent time in the immediate vicinity of our room and by the sea in the beautiful bay. Upon entering the restaurant, you are part of a delicious festival of flavors, from grilled meats to tandoori skewers, from offal skewers to shrimp and fish, to milk desserts, to fruit salads, prepared with care and attention to detail under the guidance of Master Chef Mustafa. Ergin and his team will give you the pleasure of eating and drinking with your palate. I have found that it is impossible to capture this rich diversity and taste, even in many luxury hotels and resorts where I have paid many times this price for years. I have left many holiday villages and hotels dissatisfied. SENZA GARDEN HOLIDAY prepares open buffet menus with wonderful taste for you. Of course, it becomes difficult to decide what to eat with such variety. Employees work like ants, as if they were flying like bees. They too have joined the caravan of happiness. The system is in place, everyone is aware of their job. 38. Yorum: I have never seen such a disgusting hotel. Rats are crawling everywhere. Cleanliness 0. Some waiters are so arrogant that we feel embarrassed about our money. On the other hand, the hotel is entirely built on a slope. It is extremely difficult to move from one place to another. We leave the hotel where we came to rest, even more tired. The food at the restaurant is very bad. They added something called a dessert, we don't know exactly what it is, anyway the menu is the same every day. This is the first time I haven't liked the food in a hotel so much. We made an a la carte reservation but were reprimanded and denied entry. There are those who scold the customer instead of admitting their own mistakes. If the friend at the reception had not been interested, we would have lost our rights to the card. The only person we can thank is the friend who works at the front desk. 39. Yorum: We stayed here for 10 days, our room was not the best, it really needed to be renovated, the location was great but not used to its full potential, was only 20 minutes from Alanya and another... 40. Yorum: Very well located. The hotel grounds are so large that you can walk around the area for a long time. Many people complain about it, but we and our family have fond memories of it. The hotel is not like many other resorts. This one is distinguished by a very large plot of land on a hill, small houses and a warm atmosphere. Access to the beach is via stairs, which can be inconvenient for many people. The restaurant is very nice, you can try something new every day. Unfortunately, you have to choose plates because some of them have food stains. As for the rooms, we had the one in the main building with the reception. It was very spacious and clean. Unfortunately, the floor was not cleaned regularly or too thoroughly. Anyway, I remember my stay so well that I would come back. 41. Yorum: First of all, the advantages: the hotel is in good condition, the rooms are spacious, with comfortable furniture. The food is great, the cuisine is varied. You can eat 24 hours a day and for free. The bar is free and … 42. Yorum: One of my best holidays! Clean, pleasant hotel. The neighborhood is great! Delicious cuisine, varied entertainment. I don't understand why this hotel has such a low rating. I will definitely come back here. I recommend it to everyone 😊 43. Yorum: If you want to be dishonored with your money, you can come. The hotel has many flaws. There is no variety of food and they don't taste good. If there are leftovers from the previous day's meal, they serve them the next day with tomatoes and peppers. Impossible to find cold drinks, the ice machines constantly break down and the drinks are lukewarm. The cleaning of the rooms was good, but the air conditioner works very loudly and you can't sleep, and when you turn it off it gets hot. In the dining room, the waiters are charged and all the cool tables at dinner and shaded at breakfast are occupied by the waiters. It is a considerable distance to reach the sea, and this distance is not a problem going downhill, but coming back from the sea the ring does not normally come every 30 minutes, but we waited. 1 hour or more. Ultimately I don't recommend it at all, we definitely don't get what we paid for. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the staff are always friendly and attentive, but unfortunately that doesn't mean anything in itself. 44. Yorum: When I came to comment I read some reviews and I was surprised to be honest, we have been choosing this hotel with my family for years. Yes, the hotel room is a bit old, but we still use it from bed to sleep and the price you pay is affordable compared to most hotels, so you shouldn't expect much. The reason why I chose this hotel is because they offer very entertaining and unforgettable moments. I would like to thank the entertainers who really make you have a good time, whether it's pool games or evening entertainment. I even come to the hotel for the entertainers, they are all really caring and nice people. As for the food, I think what the chef does best are the starters, they are really delicious. I ran out of room for the main course after the appetizer. I think the food was pretty good, so I don't know what people expect, but I don't think they've ever seen bad food. As for the sea, I don't prefer it much because I have allergies, but I can say that my family doesn't go to the sea. The sand is beautiful, the beach is very beautiful, there are vehicles for those who have them. problems going to the sea because some rooms are far away, I think it is an ideal holiday hotel, but one drawback is that if you go to buy drinks from the bartenders and if you are a woman you must have Instagram, the bartenders are good, I have no words, please do your job. So if you want it to be affordable and have a great vacation, Net is better. 45. Yorum: As we were sitting at a table with no "reserve" written on it, a waiter-like creature came over and said "we reserved this table for the boss", it was like a camera prank or something. When we asked why there was no reservation written on the table, my pasha also replied that the tablecloth was a different color. Sorry brother, we didn't pay attention to the color of the tablecloth while sitting at the table to see if it was different from the others. We changed tables in the middle of the meal so as not to be upset. Drinks are served in plastic cups. There is a lot of variety in food but no taste. Sweets should be avoided anyway. To pass the time in the evening, you hang around the plastic tables and chairs in the tea garden, which they call bars. After sitting for an hour you get bored and go to your room and sleep because there is nothing else to do. Everyone who gave a 5/5 review here is probably a hotel employee. Definitely stay away. There is no point in wasting your money. Wi-Fi is chargeable. zero activity the location is good the sea is beautiful bad rooms the service is not even bad it's horrible. 46. Yorum: The hotel is very old. The rooms are collapsing. The small box springs collapsed in the middle. The bathrooms are in very poor condition. The ground collapsed and water accumulated. The air conditioners are making excessive noise. The staff tries to do their best, but hygiene and cleanliness are very poor. Food and treats are close to Antalya hotel standards, but red meat and hot pot dishes are lacking. The seaside snack bar serves at the table, leaving a little time to relax. The pool is inadequate, the water park disappointed the children, it has nothing to do with the photos. The view and location are nice. But the rooms and facilities are very old 47. Yorum: There are different opinions and tastes... I will say that the resort is spread out over the entire hill, we were at the very top so it is a bit of a hassle walking up the hill to the room in the heat. the room itself, it was clean and cleaned everyday, we could live there, we had a balcony with sea view, so ok if anyone expected luxury here they came to the wrong hotel. The food was pretty good, there were regular dishes but there was always something new and different every day. The grilled food was tasty, the canteen overlooked the sea, so it was a pleasure to eat, there was always white or red wine or coffee, juices and drinks, there was a great selection of cakes and other sweets, fruits, watermelons, delicious sweet melons, oranges, cherries and apples. The beach was quite clean, there were always plastic pots for the rubbish and a team always came there several times a day and collected everything in big bags and took it to the beach, as well as to the restaurant, beer, wine, coffee, pizza, burgers and chips, they didn't serve drinks on the beach, only drinks, and those stairs up from the beach to the lower pool, to the next one I counted almost 180 steps, only twice I managed to catch a bus that went from the beach to the reception or canteen and back, but all this had a beautiful view and a warm sea, the water was 30 degrees and clean above all. So I recommend it if someone is not afraid of hills 48. Year: Stay: 07/27/2024 - 08/02/2024. The hotel is located in a mountainous area, with lots of climbing. Food: Same every day, cold dishes, e.g. pasta, spaghetti sauce, nuggets. The service is friendly, reliable and very helpful, they try to make contact and get to know each other without any problems. I didn't notice any bad intentions towards foreigners. The photos posted by the Hotel show too large an area because the Hotel is located on the left side of the photos. There are 3 swimming pools, one with three slides. The beach is divided into two parts, namely the left part for Senza Garden and the right part for another hotel which is located in front of the beach. There were a lot of Russians in the hotel, I had the impression that they were favored there. Midweek there is a foam party at the pool near the restaurant, and daily water exercises accompanied by music (music plays all the time from 10am to around 5-7pm). In general, I do not recommend staying there, because if I had not gone by city bus (20-35 lira per person one way, pay to the driver when getting off, I recommend the Moovit app, timetables, etc.) to Alanya and Payallar, I would have felt like I was on vacation in Russia. We got the room at noon and arrived at 6:00 p.m. Check-in at the hotel closes at noon and you must vacate the room by this time upon departure. You can leave your suitcases behind the reception in a special room with a TV, air conditioning and a bathroom with shower. You can use the swimming pools and restaurants until departure. I would like to remind you that when we stay outside Poland, no matter where, we are in a foreign culture and we must understand the local population and their way of life. If anyone complains about the hotel stars, please note that: 5 stars in Dubai would be golden walls, 5 stars in Turkey would be beds, TV, air conditioning... I would like to mention that the hotel qualifies for these 5 stars because what is required for 5 stars. 49. Yorum: The negative aspects I observed for a week of family vacation: - Food: very bad and lack of tables. We waited 20 minutes for a table, with my child on my lap. - Room: Cleaning was delayed by 2 days, the reason was the days when there were many people coming and going, even though the cleaning button was on. - Night: Unable to sleep. You can hear snoring from the next room. If your room overlooks the pool, you can listen to the drunks below until morning. - Location of the hotel: Not close to the sea. They come and pick you up with a tractor and take you to the sea. The beach is literally very neglected. Positive: Staff: Everyone is very attentive and helpful. Swimming pool: It is really clean, well maintained and very large. Water park: INCREDIBLE! Animation : SUPER ! Hotel cleanliness: SUPER! Drinks: Good Garden: Great This is a nice hotel as a family hotel. 50. Yorum: My opinion on the day of arrival is different from that of the day of departure. The first impression after entering the room is one of drama. The woman is devastated, the bathroom is old, damaged and moldy. We arrived at 4am so no one had the energy to change anything. In the morning we walked around the property and realized that everything probably looked the same, and due to the mountainous nature and very difficult terrain to navigate, we concluded that our house was in a convenient area. We stayed in the room. They survived :) The area is beautiful, although the location is not for the young and hardy as walking to the restaurant from the beach is about 200 steps in full sun. We skipped dinners as the beach bar had good pizza, spaghetti, salads and dinners were not our strong point. But the dinners are great. Grilled fish, meat and lots of delicious vegetables save this hotel. A la carte restaurant - great!! Service, first class. Everyone is useful here. Yes, they rely on tips, but it's not much, a euro here, a euro there, it doesn't hurt. Note that the swimming pool with slides is at the top. They turn on the slides twice a day. If your kids get wind of it, you'll be flying between the sea and the pool, it'll be annoying :) it's a shame they turn it off. Another drawback is that the pool closes early in the evening and many children are eager to swim. The downside is the general mess and rubbish strewn around the area. Ultimately, I wouldn't stay here again, but assuming the price is relatively low, you can give in and have a good time here. It's worth taking earplugs as there is music until late at night. Anyway, look for Andrzej ;) or he will find you 51. Yorum: The reception was very friendly. The restaurant was very good and open 24 hours. We were here as a family and had a great time. The rooms were always beautifully decorated and we had a wonderful sea view from the balcony. 52. Yorum: I came to the hotel to relax and the area is so big that whether you want to relax or have fun, you can find great opportunities and places for both. There are activities and parties every day. At the same time, there are places where you can take some time for yourself surrounded by greenery. The food is not like ordinary hotel kitchens, it is very delicious. All the employees are kind and polite. I highly recommend you to meet the hairdresser Hasan, he is really competent. At the same time, try the crepes from the crepe makers right next to the hairdresser. You will certainly understand that they are unlimited and available at the hotel and taste their buttermilk. Very nice hotel, I recommend it to everyone. 53. Year: September 2024 Disadvantages: 1. Upon arrival (2.5 hours from the airport) you will see a modest reception desk whose staff has a well-developed system for extracting money from tourists. First, to warn you, they will put you in the highest house on the mountain, in a small damp room with a view of the wall and the trash cans (photo 1; 2), convincing you that this is the "standard" you paid for, for which the guys at the reception want to be paid for the move starting with $200 in your pocket (they will not give you a receipt for the extra payment). The deal is in progress, you can negotiate. This performance is observed every evening with the arrival of a new batch of Russian-speaking tourists. If you do not pay and demand to be accommodated in the room corresponding to the photo when purchasing a tour from the operator, the operator will transfer you the next day to a lower room in a real "standard" room with the 30 m2 indicated for free (photo 3). But the hotel's negativity cannot be corrected. 2. The territory of the hotel consists of three-storey houses scattered on the mountain, connected by a road with parked cars of Turkish holidaymakers (the majority of them in the hotel). You have to be constantly careful that you or your child are not hit by a passing car or motorcycle; there are no sidewalks. (photos 4;5). 3. The stairs leading to the tallest houses are almost vertical (photo 6). It's not about fitness, but about the challenge of walking along them to the beach and back (photo 7}. There is a free bus from the hotel on a schedule. The urge to go and bring food and drinks to your room disappears on its own. 4. The beach line is small. Delimited on the left and right by concrete pillars. After 6pm there is no more sun on the beach, it sets behind the mountain. Half of the beach is occupied by another hotel, so the Senza deckchairs are side by side (photo 8). 5. There is a children's room with games and miniclub television. During working hours, the teacher-animator and his child turn off the lights and lock the club from the inside. All holidaymakers with children pass through here. Or knock and ask. 6 When leaving this 5 star hotel at night, they do not provide lunch box with food. Usually they greet you and say hello. Pros: - beautiful scenery, excellent food and catering staff, playgrounds, coniferous forest with hammocks, mini zoo (chickens, geese), cleanliness in public toilets. 54. Yorum: We stayed as a family in early August. We often read all the comments written here and almost cancelled our vacation. We thought we would have a hard time with our 2 children. Frankly, we had no more questions in mind as soon as we entered the hotel. We have noticed that the comments here are very cruel. A hotel with perfect value for money. The food is quite sufficient and varied. You'll definitely leave the table full at every meal, and fast food like flatbread pizza and burgers will satisfy your needs throughout the day. So much so that we never went to a restaurant for lunch during the holidays. It says there is a crazy queue for drinks, yes it is true there is a queue, but you can get it quickly without passing out. The only thing I can agree with in the comments is the location of the rooms. If you have a room close to the main pool, the hotel is perfect for you. Otherwise, there will be many ups and downs. The sea is very beautiful and the beach is not disturbed by sand and small pebbles. We definitely got what we paid for. 55. Yorum: After reading selected opinions, I was terrified. It turned out that this was false. I ordered a room for 2 people (economy) and we received a nice big room for 4/5 people. The room is clean, new air conditioning, bathroom ok. Spacious room and above all with a beautiful view. Great restaurant, very tasty and varied cuisine and above all a beautiful view. There are two swimming pools. One of them is very open to knowing him (this surprised us). There are bars and shops. This hotel is a small town located on a mountain consisting of a dozen buildings with rooms, bars, entertainment, etc. In fact, if someone is afraid of birds, they can see chickens on the sidewalk. But not everywhere and not always. I do not recommend it for parents of young children due to the large number of stairs and up/down movements. You also have to climb stairs to access the beach. Personally, I don't mind, but there are definitely those for whom it is a big inconvenience. The snack bar offers fries, burgers, pizza and drinks, so it's okay. The setting is charming. Friendly and helpful service. The bathroom has a hairdryer, beauty products and towels. There is no kettle. The beach is indeed not perfect in terms of cleanliness. There are some cigarette butts or small pieces of trash. But no exaggeration for me. I didn't expect luxury for this money. And I am very satisfied. If you don't have very high requirements, I recommend it! 56. Yorum: The worst all inclusive hotel I have ever stayed at. We found the room we were staying in in complete disarray... I added the photos. There was a real hole in the ceiling, the bed was collapsing, everything was dirty and I … 57. Yorum: Overall it was a great vacation... It was really nice with its water park, its lively main pool, its beach and its sea... :) However, the room was a bit dirty and everything was wet when I came out of the bathroom. The food was also very varied and sufficient... :) I would give this hotel 4.5 stars, or 5 out of 4.5... :) 58. Yorum: This is not a hotel as mentioned in the comments. The restaurant and staff are very helpful. The food is delicious. The rooms are clean and cleaned regularly. I had my hair shaved by Hasan Bey, the hotel barber. I didn't expect such a haircut in a hotel. M. Hasan and his family take care of all men and women and you will not regret it. I recommend it to everyone, the atmosphere is very nice. 59. Yorum: Everything was great, except the temperature. As there were a lot of customers, there was naturally a queue at the buffet and the bar. But the employees were superb, dedicated, warm and solution-oriented. We would particularly like to thank the à la carte chef and the restaurant manager. They serve their guests very well. We returned home with regrets, we would return if it happened again. 60. Yorum: I do not recommend staying at this hotel. Dirt, syphilis and the grave. Nobody cares about order here. The rooms are located in houses located on a hill. There are slopes everywhere, lots of stairs, which is difficult even for young people. To get to the beach, you also have to climb stairs which, at almost 40 degrees Celsius (in August), make you sweat. Breakfasts and lunches are plentiful but monotonous. Always the same. There is a bigger choice for dinner, but you have to queue. The pool bar is horrible, sticky tables and bartenders who only want to tip you. The drinks and beer are watered down to the point where it couldn't be worse. Plastic drinks, queues in the evening are terrible. Bartenders swarm like flies in tar. The air conditioning in our room was not working. After reporting it it was supposed to be fixed but it was noisy and didn't cool very well. Another thing is the smell in the bathrooms coming from the sewage grate. In previous comments I heard about Andrzej, a Turk who speaks Polish. I don't know what people are so fond of, it's the "hyena" that recruits from the morning at the Spa, and once there, you can't resist the offer of a massage. The Turkish bath was ok, but the insistence on subsequent visits was terrible. They invent diseases just to come and get a massage. It's far from the city, you have to order a taxi. The ladies at the reception seem to be working as a punishment. Paid WiFi 2 euros per person per day. This hotel doesn't even deserve 3 stars. 61. Yorum: The first day we came here with my family and from the first day they showed how serious it was. We made an appointment here earlier because it was a rush, but later we ignored the negative comments, but I wish it was a while. place worth the 12 hours we spent there. The 3 star hotel I stayed in before was better, their hygiene was crap, I bought towels on the first day, they were stained with blood, there were no sockets at the bedside, the beds were sunken and the walls were stained. I don't lift the bed and look in detail because I can guess what I would see. The employees are very rude and full of foreigners and they have priority. The interior decoration is very old. If the hotel had any positive aspects I could ignore it, as I said it's only my first day and I'm thinking about how. the remaining 5 days will last. As they say, you have to walk a lot to get somewhere. 62. Yorum: We flew to this hotel with some trepidation as we found it last minute two days before departure and then read the reviews... And it wasn't necessary... we know the hotel is on a slope and it needs to be done. walk a little uphill, whether from the beach or from the restaurant.... but we knew it because you can see it in the pictures and write it in the hotel description... We are very satisfied.... large room.... with a balcony and a beautiful sea view... a good kitchen... very spicy... We know that some dishes are repeated, but it's like everywhere... A large selection of dishes... a restaurant with a magnificent view, right by the sea.... on a cliff... a swimming pool with super slides... You could find a place even at 10:00. Some bars... alcohol in a bottle that can be unscrewed in front of you, so no question of fraud... and since they are local, it's even ok... bars and restaurants by the pools and on the beach... the weakest point of this hotel because for us it is a beach... one part is pebbles and one part is concrete... but it's not a tragedy... for us the hotel is ok... so when I read these strange opinions and this great discontent, I wonder what others have at home and how many meals they take, for example for breakfast or dinner, that they are not enough and always bad.... aaaa greetings to Andrzej from Spa. but I wouldn't be persuaded to go to the spa again... it's expensive and it was supposed to be a Thai woman and there was Mr. To sum up and considering the price we paid for this vacation, there is really nothing to complain about... We were a family of 4... And we are satisfied... and what's a big plus is the way they approach tipping... they have tip boxes and if you want, you put them in the box and if not, then no... even if you wanted to give it to someone individually, they probably won't take it.... Excellent solution.... ok, that's enough. 😁 63. Yorum: You have to compare the opportunities offered with the price paid, you can't pay 2k and get a 5k service. From this point of view our room was fine, the air conditioning was very old but it was cooling. However, as the hotel is located on the mountainside and scattered, transportation is tiring. Our room was very close to the pool and dining area and halfway to the sea. But there is a service inside every half hour. The food is average in variety and taste, but the location of the restaurant is beautiful, the sea is right under your feet. The attention and care of the staff was very good. The entertainment team is constantly doing activities by the pool, you won't be bored. The sea and its own beach were very beautiful, sandy, without waves and it does not go down immediately, we went into the sea at night because there was night lighting, it was very nice. There are usually foreigners in the hotel. Happy holidays to those who prefer it. 64. Yorum: Dirty and smelly hotel. Cat droppings in a flower bed in the main dining room. The main bar stank of cat poop and the service was terrible. The food at the beach bar was disgusting, the …65. Yorum: The only good thing was the location and the view. In a word, eating and drinking was terrible. The guys made tantuni with turkey meat :) We tried to fill our stomachs with fast food. The drinks were generally still and warm. The sea is crowded and dirty. They swim in the pool until 10:00 p.m. I wonder when it will be cleaned! (Addition: The day we arrived at my house, we could not sleep because of my family's earaches due to the infection caused by the swimming pool. The next day we went to the doctor and he gave us a course of antibiotics.) Most employees go back and forth between doing and not doing, as if they are fed up with life. We said to cancel our last 2 days but they told the travel agency that if we did that we would cut a day off. This is not a value for money hotel. You neither come to such a hotel nor work with a travel agency that claims it is a vacation. 66. Yorum: The room is clean and there is no problem with cleaning. The bathroom was worse: plaster was falling from the ceiling, there was fungus, and the ventilation had probably never been cleaned. There are few attractions for guests. The food is okay, almost always the same, but good. 67. Yorum: I have vacationed in Türkiye several times, but this is the first time I have seen such a horrible hotel. we were placed at the very top, although upon arrival we immediately asked to be put in a normal room so that there would be no scandal. Thanks to our tour operator and receptionist Bey, after a few days we were transferred to a better room and closer to the sea without additional payment, even if they changed us for 100-150 €😢. It is very difficult to walk in 30-40 degree heat on steep climbs and millions of steps; the transfer leaves at a certain time until 17:00. the food is not good, there is no variety, sometimes we leave the restaurant hungry. There is not much choice of alcohol; it is usually paid in nightclubs😡. There is entertainment, but only for an hour and it is very boring, there is nothing to do except wander around the hotel and occasionally choke on these climbs. The rooms are very poorly cleaned, once they even left 1€ to at least sweep the floor, but no one came that day🥲. There were only 5 nights, but they were very unbearable, because we did not feel comfort and relaxation. The situation was saved by the excursion we took, just to avoid being in this hotel. I highly do not recommend it and give it 2 out of 10 for the beautiful sea view and the delicious pizzas at the bar (even if you could eat normally during the day). 68. Yorum: A week ago, two families stayed 5 nights in this hotel, all the negative comments are completely true, the only good thing is that we had no problems checking in and out, and luckily there was no standard room available, so they gave us a family room. It was a clean two-part room with a nice view.. Regarding the hotel, it's horrible, there was an entertainment organization (except the animators, these guys do them justice) they were playing. YouTube music using the phone's internet, the connection kept getting lost, the animation team coming from outside was ruining the show, so to speak, the audience was laughing at the situation the hotel was in, they were supporting the animation team with applause to boost their morale, it was a good thing for humanity 👏 the cleaning of the rooms was good, I won't comment because I don't have much contact with the staff, but they work in the service sector, how happy they can be, 80 percent. people staying at the hotel were Russians and Poles, don't expect red meat in the meals, there is only turkey, we would have been hungry without the pizza, burgers on the beach and chicken doner in the aqua pool. Don't expect any delights in the desserts, the drinks were always lukewarm, we were happy when we found cold water, the alcohol is horrible including beer, you drink coke and water... woe to you if you have to walk from point to point because there is no flat space in the hotel 🤤 there is still a lot to write but for now these comments are enough, I read most of them before leaving but I thought how bad it could be after all, it is a hotel worth its price of course but I did not expect so much, after all, as a family of 4 we paid thirty thousand TL for 5 nights, we are tourists! Unfortunately they cost half the price of the same holiday in Turkish lira (unfortunately this is a very controversial issue!) So would I go back or recommend it NO! 69. Yorum: Hello; I stayed with 3 adults and 2 children from June 15 to 20, 2024. The family room is beautiful, the rooms were cleaned daily, the air conditioners worked great. The staff are respectful and there is a certain discipline in the hotel. There is food available 24 hours a day. A bar brings the food you choose from the menu list to your table but there is plenty of food in the main dining room. Some dishes could have been better, there are dishes with mediocre ingredients. the leader should be more careful). The pool is clean, the sea is beautiful, close to the rooms, non-swimmers have a little trouble entering from the edge. The entertainment is as good as it can be in a family hotel. I didn't regret it, the vacation was pleasant 70. Yorum: Hello everyone) We went on holiday with my mother at the end of September, beginning of October, like many people we had two mixed impressions) We seemed to like it) But with reservations, the food is in my opinion excellent, … 71. Yorum: 06.06.24, we are now at the hotel. Queues for beer everywhere.. 5 km between 2 swimming pools.. the sea is further away. The car passes every hour. It's the second day and we're bored. Our hotel last year, Palmeras, had a different concept every day. There is no activity in the evening, we just hang out. We slept at 10 o'clock, there is nothing to do. The food is a disgrace, they reheat old dishes and bring them back. The type of meat is only one type of meatball dish. We would have been hungry without pizza and kebab. Outside, the rooms are beautiful and spacious, but the place is very remote and you never get tired of climbing the stairs. We are still out of breath. I didn't like the hotel. It's just a room with a view, but there's no entertainment. It is very popular among Turks. Even Russians wander around bored and without any activity. We bought it for 7 days and were disgusted on the 2nd day. Anyone who doesn't respect their money or themselves should try it. But I'm sorry, my money is trash. We would have liked to go to the same hotel as last year. Never again. 72. Yorum: If I never return to the hotel again, the only reason would be that there is no regular bell service on the road between Deniz - Restaurant - Aqua Park. If there is a bell service with a certain time and order, this is one of the best hotels you can find in F/P. The food, cakes and desserts, room, view and attention of the staff were all very good. If you call to say we have resolved the ringtone service issue, we can meet next year :) 73. Yorum: Overall, this hotel feels like a small town, with great views, lots of greenery - and that's all positive. 3 star rooms (although there is a supplement for a better one). Lots of uphill walking. The food is the same every day, compared to other hotels I have been to the choice is limited. The service was generally good, with the exception of one gentleman working the front desk. WiFi costs 2 euros per person per day, which I consider a mockery in a 5 star hotel. 74. Yorum: From the beginning it wasn't great, we arrived a few hours after the scheduled time because the flight from Gatwick was delayed. The room we were given was not ready (even though we were late!), we were told that towels and the mini fridge would be restocked the next day. We had to run around a lot the next day to get towels and toilet paper, it became a daily theme. The only good thing about his room was the ice cold air conditioning. The shower flooded every day and the tiles were cracked and needed repair. The hotel is located on a hill and depending on where your room is located you can walk to the pool and restaurant. The food at the restaurant is ok, with a decent selection of salads, meats, rice, fruit etc, but it's the same day after day. The English are definitely not welcome here, a few staff members spat at us because we were from the 'UK', I complained to the reception staff member... who also looked like he could spit at me quite easily. The cleaning staff is a joke, they clean the floor with a dry mop, make the bed and that's it, you have to ring the bell to get towels and toilet paper. They also bullied my 18 year old daughter to the point that she was in tears. Once again, the complaint fell on deaf ears. Having stayed in other parts of Türkiye over the last three years in 5 star resorts, I can honestly say that this is a 2-3 star resort at best. Everywhere is dirty and needs repair. The best thing was the beach, even though it is a small stone beach, the water is warm and clear, For me it was an experience, the weather was great but I will not recommend this place and I do not want to go back 75. Yorum: Hello, If I had to evaluate the hotel in general as a tourism professional and former hotelier, it has many flaws!!! Especially in terms of hygiene, zero cutlery, tablecloths, when cleaning the buffet, they drop paper napkins on the floor and pick them up. again and wipe the buffet, do you think the waiter and the bellboy are abusive? What do you mean by conversations? If you are a Turkish citizen, this means you failed the course. This means being treated like a second-class citizen. the concept is ULTRA ALL INCLUSIVE, but I don't understand why, the quality is zero in some places. At an ultra all-inclusive hotel, at least branded drinks are served. There can't be such a terrible drink concept. It's possible, we literally drank illegal alcohol. You may be wondering why you stayed and why you drank those terrible drinks, but unfortunately we went in. After all, we paid a price. Experiences NEVER, EVER AGAIN bring anything. I want to write some positive things about my brother Hakan, the waiter, and Soner, the bartender Barboy Gürsel, their interest and concern were completely different, I thank these brothers separately, I appeal to you, hotel management, at least. use the hotel location well, it has a very nice area, cleanliness, education, landscaping, ultra all inclusive system, apply it properly and do not use plastic, you will get better quality. Let it become your hotel. The hotel is only 3 stars. Sincerely. 76. Yorum: 2+2 vacation, rooms not modern but clean, cleaned every day. Excellent service, very friendly waiters and bartenders, delicious food, no monotony - I don't know where the opinions about eating the same thing come from, if you don't like a lot of things you know you will constantly eat fries, there was plenty of food there. Drinks, beers, alcohol in general, it's not that weak 🫣. Nice view, the hotel is actually located in a very mountainous area, it is difficult to walk. There were very few attractions for children, there was a playground and a games room straight from the Polish People's Republic, but there were no animators for children. I missed the service like electric kettle and coffee in the room, with such a beautiful view from the balcony, it would be nice to drink coffee there in the morning. In summary, we can see that the pool bar is starting to age, but the houses on the hills have their own charm. I recommend 77. Yorum: A hotel with a holiday village concept. The rooms consist of different buildings of 1-2-3 floors. There is a scattered distribution over a wide area. There is a Turkish bath, a spa, a water park, a discotheque and a sports area. The staff were friendly and the bistro bar and kitchen staff were very helpful. Pizzas, pastas, burgers and chips are delivered to your table upon order at Bistro Kitchen. The pizza varieties are very good. We had no problems with the food and drinks. There are always varieties of pitas available at the main restaurant. On Fridays, Turkish Night offers a wide variety of dishes, from kokoreç to doner to raw meatballs. Seasonal fruits arrive fresh, watermelon, cherry, orange, melon, apple... The restaurant staff helps in every way. Rooms are cleaned daily. There is a shuttle service from the front of the motel to the beach and event spaces every 30 minutes. If you say like us "I can walk anywhere", you have to go up and down a lot of stairs. Intertwined with nature among the pines. We were satisfied. 78. Yorum: It is a 3 star hotel, not a 5 star. The room was not very clean and not as you would expect in a 5 star hotel room. The food was okay. The swimming pool needs maintenance, especially the main one and the small one for children. People smoke everywhere without worrying about the presence of children. 79. Yorum: The food was very average, only breakfast was edible for us, the rest was painful. It's a large facility, but most of the walk from one building to the next is uphill. The ladies at the front desk were a tragedy - on the first day we were given a replacement room due to a leak in the bathroom toilet, when we asked to be shown to the room as it wasn't even in the same building as the previous one, the lady at the front desk told us to wait 3 minutes and she would help us, then she got in the car with the other employee and they drove off. Yeah, they just left us and do what you want. Every day was a day of survival, plus no one warned us that during our stay there would be RENOVATIONS right next to the beach - we only went to the beach once because the noise was unbearable. There are many things that can be mentioned here, for example we asked about tennis rackets for 3 days and each day we were told that "they will be here tomorrow" - we did not live to see that "tomorrow". In summary, we do not recommend it. 80. Yorum: Our vacation in Senza has just ended. A year ago this place stole our hearts and we just had to come back. The location of the hotel is so beautiful that it turns a blind eye to other flaws. The hotel is like a large campsite with plenty of opportunities for fun. It will be appreciated by people who love activity, nature, animals and those looking for more space. Everyone is very nice, especially the little brunette who greets guests with a nice smile at the entrance to the restaurant, and Andrzej, who always says something nice in Polish. I recommend the masseur Halil, who is a talented specialist and has excellent contact with the client, and Mehmet. Bathing in a Turkish bath with a massage is a wonderful experience that is definitely worth a visit. At reception there is a friendly car rental company, Rozart, who also arrange a very convenient and quick transfer to the airport and beyond. To sum up, it was great. Thank you for this good time♥️ 81. Yorum: Almost everything in the hotel costs extra money, this is the first time I hear about a hotel where Wi-Fi is paid, the rooms are not well maintained, some parts are broken, the hygiene of the hotel is not good! The housekeeping is not clean, they are supposed to clean the room but they only change the sheets and leave, I think it is because of its location, but bugs come out everywhere, even our car has bugs. Moreover, you get very tired even going from your room to the swimming pool, to dinner, to the sea, everywhere is far from the stairs and the slopes. The food is simply good, there is a lot of variety and delicious, there is nothing else I can praise. We bought this for our honeymoon, what a shame. 82. Yorum: Since I had to give 1 star, I gave them all 1 star. I have never seen such a bad hotel in my life. Even the Wi-Fi is paid 😂😂 The rooms are horrible, the hostel rooms are better than the ones here. They built a hotel on top of the mountain. Those who want to go to the pool, the beach or the amphitheater can do so if they have a car, otherwise they will not want to leave their room. It has a very tiring surface. I don't understand if we are on vacation or mountaineering. There is no flat surface. Room cleaning is not sufficient. There is also no environmental cleaning. If they said how bad a hotel could be, I couldn't explain it, you have to experience it, but it's a waste of money. It was a painful experience for us, don't worry. 83. Comment: Tui Department. My room was not shown in any of the photos provided by the office. The rooms were a disaster, even though they were large. Faulty refrigerator. After reporting it twice, they replaced it with a defective refrigerator. After reporting it again, no one came. There is virtually no cleaning and no advice will help you. They make their own quilt (itchy bedspread) and don't even mend the pillows, and replace the towels whenever they want, or take them away and leave no charge. The food is good, but there is some. a lot of meat, for example ready-made quilts of different shapes, bought frozen and transported directly from the box to the grill. Come to dinner either at the beginning or after an hour (at the most there will be many uncleaned tables) because 10 minutes before the doors open there is already a crowd of people, I have never encountered anything like it in Turkey. The level differences are the least of the problems. Everything is old, neglected and worn out. There is a keeper at the upper pool and he works hard to keep it clean. There is music for 12 hours outside by the lower pool. After dinner there is a disco until midnight; it is so noisy that no one in the hotel can fall asleep until then, there are screams of Janusz. the staff under the window because they have been working since 7 am, and on top of that there are cars passing by with groceries. So you won't be sleeping in this hotel. The only positive side is the price of this 5* place was 30 years ago, 80% of the customers are Russian and like everyone else, they are drunk on these hideous colored cocktails. every day. 84. Yorum: The rooms are dirty, brighter make the bed and empty the trash. That's it. The place is located on a steep hill and it is really tiring to go up and down a hill all day. The food is really mediocre and caters more to Russians than anything else. 3 staff members really made the difference between a bearable time and a horrible time. Thanks to Aiden from the entertainment team, the big boy at the bar who works everyday and was always so nice and the night reception manager who called us dominoes and ordered us a taxi, he was great. This holiday had potential but it's clearly not going well, all the public toilets are absolutely disgusting. What bothered me the most was the fact that we took an all inclusive package, there was nothing ultra, everything cost money except food and drinks. Zip line, adventure park, tennis, basketball, ping pong, swimming pool, games room are all extra. They say it is a 5 star, maybe it has the facilities to call it 5 star, but those facilities come at a very high additional cost. Don't go if you are from the UK. This place is 95% filled with rude, selfish, ignorant Russians. And it's in the middle of nowhere. Don't come here, save your money and go somewhere else. 85. Yorum: We rested at the hotel in early May 2024, we were lucky with the weather, the sea was quite warm, we swam from May 2nd! The receptionists work quickly, check in, organize a machine to inspect the room, check in. Special thanks to Hotel Representative Katerina! Very subtly and accurately solves all questions of Russian tourists! H As for the diet, it is quite varied, every day there is fish and meat (chicken, turkey, beef), lots of fresh vegetables, fruits, lots of fresh herbs. The lobby bar serves Turkish coffee and oriental treats. A nice bonus is the hammam with sauna. The hotel staff is very nice, polite, all the waiters, especially at the beach bar, work very well. As soon as you sit down at the table, you are ready to take your order, the order is executed quickly. We had a great rest, thanks to all the hotel staff! 86. Yorum: First of all, there are some employees I would like to thank. I would especially like to thank the lady Fatma who prepared the crepes and all the friends who work at the bar. The service they provided was really good and they worked hard. However I can suggest that the lady who was the bar manager be a little calmer, she was a little nervous and didn't treat the employees very well, we didn't like that at all. The entertainment team kept us very entertained, I think their presence was the best part of the hotel. The food was good, but the desserts were not good at all. On the last day we came across a spoiled dessert, we did not expect this from a hotel. The hotel's population is made up of Russians. We were happy when we found a Turk. There are a lot of Russians and even the employees were surprised when we were Turks. However, we created a very friendly atmosphere with the Turks we met and the water polo match was great fun. 87. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the sea view is very good. There is 1 3-lane Aqua pool and 1 large pool. You can walk to the sea and up and down the stairs, and there is also a shuttle/ring service. The restaurant is very big, the food is average, the drinks are ok. Other beer brand drinks are poured into small glass bottles, it is not clear what they are. The room we stayed in was old and okay. As you know, a big place like a village is usually good, of course people's opinions can change depending on the places they visit. Would I go back? Yes, I will definitely go back. Are there better hotels? It can be said that you get service according to the money you pay. There is no parking problem, it is safe. 88. Yorum: As I write this review (still here unfortunately), there is a dead rat outside my room… also outside my balcony there is a towel covered in poop… | This has to be one of the biggest disappointments I have ever… 89. Yorum: If you are in a room far from the main pool and you don't like walking, that will be the main problem. The hotel is built on a large plot of land. We would like to thank Mr. Berkan, who works at the pool bar, for his smiling face, his special attention and his attentive service. 90. Yorum: Ahhh, I don't know where to start. - in general: I traveled with a travel agency, the price was low (last minute, 2 days before departure), I read the reviews, curious about the extreme ratings, I decided to check, slightly expecting that it would not be the five stars I thought. - area: hotel located on a slope, beautiful views, not well maintained but green. Due to the location, there are many climbs and descents, as is typical in the mountains. - rooms: upon arrival we were shown to the room: a large room (a plus), dating from the 1990s - ok (low price, low expectations), an old wardrobe, an old air conditioning blowing in the center of the bed, a little rearranging and the matter was settled. After entering the bathroom, I was slightly terrified. In almost 40 years of life, I have never seen a worse mess in a hotel toilet and I have traveled a lot. Cracked tiles covered in some black stuff; dirty mirror and sink; fungus (mold) under the shower; the shower itself was a mess - a stall with no door, falling off the wall when you touched it. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. I reported the problem and we were given another room. I guess it was a higher level because the view from the balcony was also better. The room is smaller, the furniture is old, but it is well maintained and clean, the bathroom is also ok. The downside of the room was one outlet for the entire room (plus one in the bathroom). - the food: I was in the all-inclusive option: it seemed a lot to me, but it wasn't crazy. A small selection of fruits (apples, pears, oranges, plus watermelons or melons cut on site every day - in fact, people ate whole plates of these watermelons as if they had never eaten them, a watermelon sensation). 4 types of juice from the dispenser - when you put a cup in it, you never know if you will get only concentrate or almost only water. Espresso coffee - couci-couça. If you want, for example, a regular latte in a regular glass, forget it: you can drink it in a small cup. Interesting fact: A coffee machine electrocuted me, just like that. The food did not stand out in terms of taste. In 6 days, I found a dish that I really liked. Since the main restaurant is located on a slope, right by the sea, there were crazy competitions between people who would be the first to reach the tables located right next to the railing after opening the restaurant door at a certain time. - people: Poles and Russians represent 90% of the clientele. - swimming pools: hits in different languages ​​are played in the swimming pools: in Polish I got acquainted with the wide range of disco polo. There are animations, but not intrusive - if you don't want them, don't participate. - evening entertainment: unleavened bread In summary: the atmosphere is the same as on the Polish coast in the 1990s. Once you find a good room, it's bearable, but I would rate the comfort at 2/3 stars. I wrote this review with reference to other 5 star hotels I have stayed in. Actually, 3* is the maximum I would give. 91. Yorum: We were there in September 2023. Interesting location, hilly area, so the hotel is not suitable for families with children, which is certainly a plus for some people. The food was mediocre, two kinds of bread, desserts for a hoof. The staff who collected plates at the restaurant were terribly irritating and to this day my ears ring with the sound of broken plates. The poolside entertainment is repetitive, but in the "amphitheater" it is more interesting. There is a taxi stand right next to the hotel. 92. Yorum: Good afternoon It's a long walk to the beach by stairs The hotel entertainers are very good The dishes at the buffet were dirty The pool is clean I also loved the foam party But it was not for children, even though the entrance for children was free. There was too much debauchery at this party 93. Yorum: The surroundings are beautiful, although by the time you get to the room you'll be sweating because of the amount of stairs and hills, but it's worth it. The rooms are certainly not 5 star, but for us, no matter where we stayed, they could be. Food the best breakfasts and dinners. Very good service at the restaurant, they work hard. Big wow and respect to them. I warn everyone against massages. I paid a lot of money and got cheated on the 4th massage. Instead of Nina, as they promised, and I agreed to pay a lot of money for such a masseur, they gave me an apprentice and I left after 15 minutes. The best is the first massage where Andrzej, who speaks Polish, invites you, then after the massage he invites you into the room where a pseudo doctor comes who has never seen you and tells you that it is just water in your body and that you have spinal problems and massages are needed hahhahaha. Andrzej sells these massages and persuades you to take advantage of them. I recommend the Turkish bath, but do all the complementary treatments in Poland. After 1 massage, the following ones focus on quantity and not quality. I advise against…. Avoid the fake doctor who ruined my stay - a fraud. He didn't give money for a massage that wasn't done. I do not recommend massages. The rest of the neighborhood and the pools are very good 94. Yorum: Very attentive reception team. I can't remember his name but our transfer company let us down but the gentleman at the front desk did his best to help us. The hotel is located on a hill so it can be difficult to get around, but other than that it's a good site. However, the food was mediocre and the cocktails even worse. Nothing near the site, so I can't even get a good coffee for breakfast 95. Yorum: One of the most beautiful places because of its environment and location. I recommend it mainly because of the photographer Senza Garden, who takes great photos. You organize a photoshoot, either at the hotel pool or nearby, if you like the photos, you buy them, if you don't like them, you lose nothing, but it's really worth it... A wonderful souvenir of your vacation... 96. Yorum: We chose this hotel for our ten day vacation this summer. An excellent hotel in terms of value for money. The view is magnificent. It was peaceful in a natural environment with a magnificent sea view, trees and flowers. The staff were very attentive. The hygiene of the hotel was much more attentive than it should have been. We can prefer it with complete peace of mind. The restaurant was like a piece of paradise, on the cliff, with the possibility of looking at the sea from above. Also, the food was very delicious. We would like to thank the Senza Garden Hotel, which offers a comfortable holiday in nature, for the pleasant moments we spent✨😇🙏🏻🌸 97. Yorum: It's a place that plays extremely loud music until midnight, disturbing those of us staying at the hotel next door. This noise ends at midnight, but this time they can play Ibrahim Tatlıses loudly at 8:30 in the morning, honestly, give up!! 98. Yorum: It's a very nice holiday. Our room is cleaned daily and the cleaning team is really nice. But I can definitely say that about all the service staff, whether at the bar, restaurant, beach, etc. Everyone is very friendly and tries their best. The entertainment team is great. They speak Russian, English and Turkish. They are also fun for everyone and a lot of fun. They are not intrusive but very kind. 99. Yorum: Overall the stay was good, the only thing we didn't like was the room, especially the air conditioning which was not working properly. The hotel is old and not the most modern, but it is charming, the food is varied, I don't understand the reviews that it was monotonous because the choice was very wide. The sandy beach is a big plus, the water is clean. Lots of attractions organized around the pool. One of the hotel employees is very helpful: Andrzej, who speaks 8 languages, including Polish. 100. Yorum: We received a very high level of service compared to the price of the hotel. Food and drink can be found throughout the hotel. There are hills and descents, but the distance to the sea is not long. We walk to our room in 2 minutes. There is also a constant service. The sea is beautiful, clean and sandy. The burger, pizza, barbecue, crepe and doner bars are pretty nice. The food is not bad The pool is big and clean The staff is adequate and helpful The rooms are constantly cleaned There is animation available pool side. Value for money hotel Can be preferred again 101. Yorum: We spent our holidays in July with our family, the location of the hotel is actually on a cliff, the views are very beautiful, the land is very large and it is suitable for those who like to walk a lot, because to get to the beach and back you have to go up and down. The rooms are mostly old, the restaurant offers beautiful views, the rooms too, the choice of products is wide, the service is 4, the entertainment is weak. In general, maybe. And only the views give it 5+ and as a final score 4. 102. Yorum: Hello dear friends, If you want to go to this hotel, please know that you have to pay 2 euros per person per day for WiFi. It's a shame. 2. Tours try to sell them even if you say no 10 times, which also leads to a disgusting manner. A resort that offers 5 star options but charges money for every little thing. This is not recommended 103. Yorum: First of all, even though there are so many stars, I didn't see the real ultra all-inclusive concept. The welcome when we first entered was nice. What forced me was that as a disabled person who walks, they sent me. and my wife in a room far from everything. Then, when I objected, the administration changed our room, but you can't access everywhere immediately. Neither the room decoration nor anything was sent to the room. the map. The menu is so bad. We had to eat cold grilled fish prepared by a bad chef. I still couldn't figure out what the green bean and pasta salad served as a starter had anything to do with fish. fear when we asked a request to a sullen staff. Also, the animation team was very nice, the cleaning staff, the bellboy Veysel and the transfer agent Cemil were very good, thank you, but because of such misfortunes I would not even do it. I recommend going back. 104. Yorum: I stayed 5 days with my wife and child. The view is very good, other than that I don't think I can find much to say. The beach and the pizzas on the beach are wonderful. The chicken doner in the water park and the doner kebab master are good. I didn't like the food at the hotel. In the evening there is a queue for drinks like at the Ziraat Bank ATM. The entertainment is standard water polo, darts, etc. The hotel buildings are about 20 years old. I went there thinking about that. The price is affordable. Would I go back? I don't think so. 105. Yorum: Beautiful views, good food and friendly service, especially the waiter Barzan, very hospitable and helpful. Despite the large number of stairs, I recommend staying here. 106. Yorum: We arrived here to a dirty room, the beds were dirty and the air vent collapsed in the bathroom, narrowly missing me. The mirror was falling apart and there was a dead bug in the draw. We complained and eventually got a better room. However, the best room smelled of sewage. They only show good photos on their website. The food was not at all appetizing, there were flies buzzing around and they served cold fries and onion rings. The wine tasted like vinegar. This hotel is not maintained and is dirty. I felt sorry for the cleaning ladies. I do not recommend this hotel. A waiter had coins in his hand, asking people to exchange them for bills while they ate instead of asking how their food was. Some waiters were banging their heads and having fun when the restaurant was busy. You have to pay for WiFi here and my partner received a notification asking her to give the hotel 5 stars or they refused to reconnect her even though it was paid. When she gave 5 stars they reconnected her to WiFi. Absolutely disgusting. I will not return to this hotel. 107. Yorum: We went on vacation with friends in September 2024. We were checked into a smoky, dilapidated room with no balcony and only one window. I'm a smoker, but even I was disgusted by the smell in the room. … 108. Yorum: Hotel for sportsmen! The problem is that you have to pay more for a room a little closer to the sea. The beach is dirty. After lunch the sea on the beach is very dirty. We do not recommend the fish restaurant, it is dirty, nothing special. Cats are everywhere. You won't want to go down from the sea to the water park until long after the pool. You won't want to see any entertainment or nightclubbing away from the upper rooms. 109. Yorum: You can't call it a 5-star hotel. It's not even a 2 star hotel. The reception alone looks run down and the whole hotel generally smells bad. The air conditioning wasn't working anywhere. We couldn't call it a vacation, so we changed hotels immediately after the first night. It was unbearable anywhere because the air was unpleasant, stuffy and heavy throughout the hotel. The food was nothing special. To get from the room to the pool/bar or anywhere else, you had to climb three mountains and walk about 10 minutes. The hotel is very isolated, to get out of the hotel you have to rely on their overpriced taxi prices. The drink service was also terrible. The refrigerator wasn't working either. Everything was dirty and smelled very unpleasant. We spent one night there and couldn't take it anymore. We have not received a refund for the other nights we had already paid for. 110. Yorum: The rooms are a bit old but clean. The view and the environment are magnificent. The staff is very successful. There are stairs to go down to the sea. It's a bit tiring, but we get exercise. The bistro on the beach is great. There is no need to go out for lunch. There are swimming pools in 2 different locations. It is mainly a tourist hotel, but it is a family hotel. We are happy to have spent 4 nights. 111. Yorum: At first glance it is a good hotel with nice views. If you are a sedentary person and do not like to move, then you should ask for a room right next to the sea, otherwise you will have to go up and down the stairs for a very, very long time. But we knew what we were getting into, so it didn't surprise us. Unfortunately the security of the hotel (when we were on holiday between 12:00 and 18:00) was very weak, there were no lifeguards in the pools, there was one at the seaside and that's it. Purity Unfortunately, there was no cleanliness! The room was dirty when we arrived. In the photo I will attach the room already cleaned and, according to them, clean towels. This was my heel after walking through the "white room". The bathroom didn't look great before I even had a chance to use it. During the 7 days of laundry at the hotel, there was not once any water in the room. The views from the hotel are very beautiful, the staff are friendly and willing to help you. Food Unfortunately the food is always the same, I didn't even want to eat at the hotel (knowing the rich Turkish cuisine) What should not be missed is that despite the tasteless food, the view from the dining room was simply unimaginable, it was very beautiful on a hill. The flatbreads prepared by the local Turkish women were delicious, it was amazing. Delicious pizza at a beach bar. The hotel is old and dilapidated, unfortunately it doesn't even deserve four stars. What a pity 112. Yorum: I am surprised that TUI sells such an offer as a 5* hotel, they should at least remove it from 2* Nice views, good food, but almost the same every day. When it comes to cleaning the room, only the garbage is removed. thrown away every day and towels are changed and that's it. Sometimes they even forgot to add toilet paper. The waiters were very nice and as we learned they don't even get food, they work on an empty stomach, I personally saw a waiter hiding behind a waiter, taking a banana while he was cleaning. the guests' plate and eating it quickly, hiding behind his friend so that no one would see him, it was terrible there were some. Be careful, several people have had their money stolen when taking money out of their wallet because they did not hide it and. I left it on the table, so if anyone goes here, hides his money, one of the tourists was telling by the pool how they took it from him, a lot of money!!! When you go on a trip, they don't give you a lunch box. During our trip the Turkish resident counted us on the bus and told the driver to leave and when the bus started 2 ladies stood up and said they got on the wrong bus can they get off, when they got off people were outraged as he counted that the number of people was correct we had to be careful what did anyone say? for a resident who doesn't know how many people he has, if he was angry, who said it, his behavior was shocked, a little more, he would probably complain. When it comes to trips, they all start with an hour visit to jewelers, leather goods, shops, then a trip to Side is great. great and Antalya with the old town where there is a bazaar, a drama, the gate, he spoke for 15 minutes and the rest was a big cheesy mess and that's what the old town looked like. The day ends at 12:00. The person we met was leaving at 6pm so they extended the room by 6 hours and it cost them 60 euros so if someone doesn't have money to extend the room, they take the tapes out of their hands and at the end. they can't even dine and camp at the door, they are perfect for tourists. I was in Kemer from another office and I come back to them because I have never been there, I failed p Wioltka, what she said. It was still true and, above all, she advised against eating there 113. Comment: CECI... EAST... NEVER... AND... 5 STARS... CLUB HOTEL. Not even by Turkish standards. I have been to Turkey several times for vacation and there are definitely better hotels. It also became clear from the first day that this hotel was clearly designed for guests from the Eastern Bloc. If you want to see how food is wasted in moderation or want to know the culture, this is the right place for you. The fact that this hotel is offered on the German market is a disgrace. All the German holidaymakers, there were not many of them, shared the same observation. The hotel is definitely not suitable for holidaymakers with weak feet. Since the hotel complex is built on a hill/mountain, you have to deal with considerable increases. The stairs to the hotel beach were awesome and require some basic fitness. I only say 168 steps. Once you climb it and are drenched in sweat (38 degrees), you are in the pool/restaurant area, but still no where near the rooms. Yes, so the path begins with the slopes. Pure activity. To be honest, I have to say that there is a shuttle from the beach to any place in the hotel. But this happened quite irregularly and you had to fight to get a seat or a standing place. The hotel, I must unfortunately say, is aging, you could see it everywhere. broken beach loungers, partially broken chairs and furniture. We have also learned or heard that the establishment is only rented. You can draw your own conclusions regarding the renovation work. Our room was a disaster and I don't even know where to start. It wasn't dirty, but something was broken everywhere and had nothing to do with the rooms marketed on the websites of the relevant suppliers. Please note ⚠️ The hotel's WiFi connection is only available for a surcharge of €2. This is also described in the hotel description. What is not stated in the description is that these fees are charged per device. Depending on the length of your stay and the number of devices, this can be expensive. Ummmm 5 stars 🌟. Anyway, I won't go into details at this point. Positive: I agree with some of the previous reviewers, the view is truly phenomenal, it must be said. The restaurant staff are also friendly and really try hard. Unfortunately, I can't necessarily say the same about the (unfriendly) welcome. The resort itself was clean and there was plenty to do. Shopping, sports, entertainment, etc. But ideal for visitors/holidaymakers from Eastern Bloc countries. Conclusion: we won't be back, maybe not. But everyone should make up their own mind. Others will certainly appreciate the hotel. 114. Yorum: We stayed in the honeymoon concept for 5 days. The cleaning of the room was really insufficient, the towels were not changed even though we asked for it and the balcony was always infested with ants. The food was good, the alcohol could be improved a little. The Aqua Kitchen doner guy, the gozleme maker, the bartender, the pool attendant, they were really very caring and friendly, every business needs such staff. Only the small swimming pool needs a little more improvement. However, thank you, Senza Garden, the price and performance are very good. 115. Yorum: The location is just great, from this height there are beautiful views, the hotels are comfortable, everything you need is there, the rooms are clean! The restaurant is large, with several spaces, the staff is friendly and welcoming, they will always be able to help and advise! The dishes are varied, there is an entertainment program for children and adults. I recommend the Senza Garden Holiday Club hotel! 116. Yorum: I went there in 2022 and spent a vacation in this hotel. As soon as you arrived, the "extortions" began at the reception, "if you buy Wi-Fi, we will move you to rooms by the sea, if you don't buy it, you will go and live in the birds of the mountain" ... as a non-confrontational but principled person, I did not buy it, I was seated last and in the highest rooms. In principle, this is the only drawback. In general, regarding the cleanliness of the rooms and the attempts to scam the guides and staff, it is not even worth mentioning (it goes without saying)... On the positive side, the food and the view... Everything was very good and the view from the restaurant is fascinating 117. Yorum: We came for 3 nights and now this is our last night at the hotel. The location of the hotel is very nice. But those who don't like walking shouldn't come. You have to constantly climb stairs to get to the rooms. It has 2 swimming pools. The food is not good. There is a lot of variety but the taste is not good. You have to walk to get to the sea. Or you can go there by shuttle vehicle. Only the view is beautiful, but you can't rest. Those who like walking should come. 118. Yorum: There is no hotel as shameful! The rooms are beyond horrible, the toilet and bathroom are flooded with water, there is no solution, you have to swim and enter the toilet, the room smells of humidity, the furniture is dirty and shabby, no service, the food is horrible, the employees are very rude. The rooms are in other places which are crazy, you have to go a long way to swim in the sea. We can't even sit down because of the crowd and the noise. This was our meeting point this year with an organization organized every year between friends, otherwise it would not be a hotel where we could stay even for a second. I advise you not to get lost. Even if it does happen, the only good thing is the hotel's pastry chef and crepe maker, nothing more. DISGRACE! 119. Yorum: A beautifully located hotel, especially for those who enjoy a lot of walking. The rooms are rather small, 3 stars. The air conditioning is fully functional. The bathroom was neglected and a little damaged. The food is very varied and you can find something new at every meal. Large selection of cheeses, salads and sweets. There are 2 soups to choose from each day, you can also eat them in the evening. Amazing staff. (They actually deserve 5 stars) The massage recommended by Andrzej - FANTASTIC - you have to try it because it is definitely worth it. Andrzej speaks Polish perfectly and works much better than many locals (he advised how to get to the city for a few cents, where to buy cheap cigarettes and what not to indulge in. Every evening there are interesting activities for children and adults). amphitheater. The price of the stay was not excessive, so despite some flaws, you can continue going. 120. Yorum: Last summer my wife and I visited this hotel after reading "good" reviews about the view, rooms, service, etc. This hotel had to be the biggest fraud I have ever had the opportunity to see for myself. The pictures you see online are fake, those beautiful real hotel rooms you see are taken in another one of their hotels, far away. Starting with the rooms. you expect to pay a total of 3,000 euros for a decent room with decent amenities and a clean floor and balcony; however, once you reach the room, you will see a small ant infestation that you will have to dig out of your ears at night (maybe because if you don't tip those nasty room attendants, they will never bother to clean the floor). We visited our friends rooms, and 5 others when the room attendants were there, still, bugs everywhere. So the rooms, maybe for local standards are good, but for our standards, very very upsetting. The service was also satisfactory, at the reception there was a group of children who made fun of you on everything you said and interrupted you while you were talking and never took complaints seriously (because they have many). The big guy at the office who I had to have a heated argument with because he was disrespectful to my wife and friends. And he listened very well, so don't hesitate to raise your voice to these children at reception. The food service was the most enjoyable part of the overall "service" experience. But in typical Turkish fashion, advice, advice, advice for everything. I didn't give them a dollar, and neither should you at this "ultra all-inclusive 5 star resort". And if you don't pay or see the guy getting the money from a nightclub, you can't party ANYWHERE. Other people from different stations take over the "club" which is a DJ with an IPOD and a flashlight for effects, located at your station, which is pathetic of them. The location was pretty, very steep and difficult to walk up to your room, especially after a Polish vodka, your room could be 1.5 km from the beach and you will be losing weight by the time you get home, very uncomfortable. There is a bus every 30 minutes (so imagine how far the beach is), and we found out that they only pick you up if you can promise to tip the driver, which is another reason why I will be leaving Turkey and visiting our beautiful Europe instead, where the hospitality here is far better than anything I have seen in Turkey so far, it almost seems fake, I can't explain it but you will know if you want to see this resort. Oh, and Russians don't speak English around them, or any other language in Europe. 3 nights we saw Russians drunk to the brains (as usual) and approaching people from UK and Poland, harassing them for no reason. , again, typical. The best thing is to leave this resort for Russians and come to Europe and enjoy this poor resort. I will also provide you with photos of the station without any fancy filters or nonsense. If you want to do excursions, ask at the reception, tip the guy, and he will call his tourist friend who will give you the real prices, do not buy anything with the tour guides you came to the resort with, please, very important! Get a second opinion or you will spend hundreds of euros for nothing, and nothing in Alayna is worth hundreds because trust me, visit the city instead, spend your money there, don't spend a dollar in the resort. 121. Yorum: If you are looking for a resort that claims 5 stars but would be really lucky to be a 1 star, this is your resort. Upon arrival we were shown to our room in a converted van with … 122 roll cages. Yorum: I would give the hotel a maximum of 2 stars, 5, it is bright, the buildings are not well maintained, creaking, the paint is peeling too much, there are a lot of Russian guests, which personally bothered me. In the canteen there is a constant search for cutlery and all drinks are served in plastic cups, at the swimming pool it is still understandable, but breakfast, lunch and dinner are a bit excessive. The food was mediocre, not to mention the drinks, which were served in plastic cups. There are ants in the rooms and you can see they have a problem with that. The only positives were the view and the pools you could swim in. 123. Yorum: Seriously, trust me, don't come to this hotel, you will regret it, add a little more and go to another hotel, or a 4 star hotel makes more sense, there is no fan, etc. No, it's hot and we don't feel like going from one place to another, the staff is indifferent, the hotel is dirty, the variety of food is very limited, 4 types of food change every day, the rest are the same rooms, the problem is that the old food is bad, there is only a small variety of alcohol, so we don't know if we are on vacation at the hotel or if we are more tired or not. 124. Yorum: This hotel is so nice and the view is amazing. My family and I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. You have unlimited drinks by the pool, the beach is only a 2/3 minute walk from the main area. The staff is kind, very respectful and the all inclusive food is very delicious. They even offer normal, casual food if you don't want to try new foods (Turkish food). There are cats and dogs around which make the atmosphere of the place so relaxing and cool and there are three swimming pools I think but we only found two and there is also the beach. 125. Yorum: One of the 2 cleaning ladies was so rude that even though she was supposed to put 3 bath towels in the room for 3 people, one was missing. I politely explained that she wasn't in the room and she raised her voice and insisted that she was. she did it. I looked around thinking maybe I didn't see him but when I came back and asked for a towel he said "I had a towel on" like I had hidden the towel I said you can come to my room. and look at it. "Am I going to argue with you about the towels?" I said as I took a towel and left, the woman said something in her mouth, I complained to the reception. I came here for 12 hours, I am a guest, the treatment I received was not nice at all, I will not choose this place again for sure. 126. Yorum: Normal is the most suitable option. Interesting arrangement of rooms, like separate houses. Terraces. It's all on the mountain. Walking along the stairs is helpful) The restaurant is just above the sea. Everything tastes better when you admire the azure surface)) The food is quite varied, but without any special delights. The alcohol is local. Wine - below average, beer - ordinary Ephesus lager, strong drinks only if in cocktails. The coffee is bad, like it comes from 3 in 1 bags. Cleanliness in the restaurant... like in the dining room, at the pool bar - like in a train station buffet. 127. Comment: May 2023. After reading the reviews I was very concerned about choosing this hotel. The trip was supposed to be economical, so the decision was made to choose it. As in other reviews, there are a lot of stairs, but they are not an obstacle if you like walking. It suited me just fine - the views were amazing. Our room was located in a building at the very top, but even my 7 year old daughter enjoyed walking around there. The food is very good. I don't drink alcohol so I can't comment on drinks. Acceptable rooms for such a low price. Nice swimming pools and slides. I didn't see any broken deckchairs, they looked brand new. Near Alanya - the bus costs 1 euro. Near the hotel you can buy rose tours (Polat travel agency) - I recommend the jeep safari. Paid Wi-Fi – works well in all hotels. There is a treetop adventure park within the hotel, which costs 10 euros - my daughter had a great time. There are cats roaming the property, which we love. The roosters, hens, chicks and ducks were also a beautiful sight. All the staff are kind and helpful. I rate the trip positively and for this price I will definitely come back here. 128. Yorum: I was with a friend, the view was great, but the service was intrusive, the rooms were a joke. The food is pretty good, there are no slides, music plays all day. 15€ for a taxi to Alanya. Young girls pick up and drag the staff to the toilets, so be careful or they want to come to your room, so we were a bit scared. 129. Yorum: Literally disrespectful The little guy with glasses at the front desk not only kicked us out of the hotel, but also accused us of stealing and trespassing, and all we did was: We had to leave the hotel at 2pm. And we bought a sightseeing tour, and while buying the ticket, I asked the dear manager of the place: "We have a tour at 8 in the morning, it will end at 6 in the evening, can we come and collect our luggage? "He said it would be done in a respectful and kind manner. But when we arrived at 6pm, we were given a very bad reception and the security guard was told to remove them. The bald guy with glasses at the front desk is definitely not the right person to work there. disrespectful people run such a beautiful hotel. THIS IS DEFINITELY NOT THE RIGHT HOTEL TO GO TO. 130. Yorum: Well just for the view. All that remains is bad. Service, servers are a serious problem. The rooms are old and of poor quality. Meal 5th 6th. You have to constantly go up and down hills. They clean the room, but the hotel in general is dirty. The waiters fight with the customers. I will not return and would not recommend it to anyone else. 131. Yorum: We stayed between July 2, 2024 and July 8, 2024. Thanks to Berkan at the main pool bar and Murat from the entertainment team. Now let's come to the interpretation part. If you want to lose weight, definitely choose this hotel. Because you will eat to the limit of hunger. I recommend eating pizza by the sea instead of at the main restaurant, or going for a waffle by the main pool. If you think you will drink alcohol, that would also be a lie, because their alcohol is not alcohol. Other than that, the pool and everything, they are above average. The seaside is beautiful, like a private bay. Be prepared to walk between your room and the seaside etc. because the device is old and breaks down frequently. Other than that, it's just a hotel. 132. Yorum: Our holiday at the Senza Garden Holiday Club hotel was generally average. Although the hotel's location and green spaces are nice, we think a little more attention should be paid to the cleanliness and comfort of the rooms. The food was bland and could be a little richer in terms of variety. The attentiveness and hospitality of the staff was sufficient in some cases, but we would have expected a more professional and friendly service. The pools and beach were nice but could have been cleaner and better maintained. Overall we had a reasonable holiday experience, but there were some areas where improvements could be made. 133. Yorum: Probably my worst holiday in Türkiye. Otherwise, I could never complain. As soon as we arrived we got a 20 year old apartment, the fridge, air conditioning did not work, the smell was like in the toilet and at the highest point of the hill. After a complaint and 2 days of waiting and promises, we were given a room directly in the hotel, which is probably the closest to everything, otherwise you really have to walk far, uphill or downhill and demanding in the heat. Eat more or less the same thing every day, drink too. This definitely doesn't match 5 stars!, the apartments were more or less 5 stars a few years ago, there was never any ice cream in the bar when it was all inclusive, I expected free ice cream or something, but. you have to pay. I'm not saying this because I'm a snob, but if we paid that much for it, we would expect something more. Almost no animation. The only possible advantage was that the air conditioning worked in the new room. Without this, it certainly would not have been possible. It's worth reading the reviews for the next time we find out. 134. Yorum: Staying at this hotel was simply fantastic! Located in a beautiful area with stunning views. The rooms were comfortable and very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The food was delicious and varied, there was something for everyone. The spa was relaxing and perfect for unwinding after a long day. Overall our stay here was just perfect and we will definitely be back. Highly recommended! 135. Yorum: Don't go to that place, it's a dirty dump. If I could give a zero, I would. Absolutely shocking and disgusting place. Good condition, dirty rooms, sewage coming up through the shower, human hair and … 136. Yorum: We are currently staying in a hotel. Hygiene is poor. I suggest you drink the beer in a plastic glass because the windows cannot be washed. You can only get a table by the sea if you tip. Long distance between the rooms and the sea and the swimming pool. We haven't met the service yet. There is sand at the bottom of the pool, those who came from the sea jumped straight into it. Anyway, don't be ashamed of your money, bro... 137. Yorum: Hotel with a beautiful view! 😍 It's not 5 stars, but more like 3.5 If the hotel and its gardens were renovated it would be a truly wonderful place, everything is old as you can see, but it's a very charming place with very warm people. Views: 5 Food: 4+ Service: 5 Rooms: 4+ (room at the very top, numbered from 900) Room cleaning: 2+ (despite daily tips, the room was very poorly cleaned, the floor was dirty, the sink was very dirty once, the sheets and towels were obviously replaced once, usually poorly) Entertainment: 3 - if you like it, it's very poor here, despite the nice people. Mini disco for children - same music every day and very loud) Plus paid internet and attractions for children. Despite some flaws, I consider the whole trip to have been very successful. Even the fact that due to the May holidays, the price was almost twice as high as the previous or following week. For the price that sometimes appears, I would happily come back :) the place has atmosphere, beautiful views, tasty food and very friendly service. You won't find any luxury here, but it's still a very nice place for everyone. 138. Comment: Bon 4. The food is excellent, you definitely won't go hungry! The territory is huge, the views are magnificent, you can walk a lot, you need sporting skills: "go down and go up". The rooms are standard, about a C rating, but spacious, which is a plus. Towels are dead! The staff is excellent, everyone is smiling! The sea before leaving was very dirty for 2 days (plastic, paper). The market is far away, you have to take a taxi or bus No. 50 (Russians pass this information on to each other). The room cleaning was done in a clumsy manner, but I didn't even come as Elena Letuchaya to check🤭! The sun is great, the sea is superb, with a sunset on the sand, there is a great bar on the beach! I didn't see any animation, but they did something with the kids in the pool! Conclusion: If you have nothing to complain about and you came to relax your soul and body, then the price and quality are excellent! By the way, a great excursion - X5 COMBO! I advise you to buy it. We did not visit the local hammam, it costs 40 b., they take you from the hotel to the city hammam for 20 b., however, if you come yourself on the bus of line 50, it is already 10 b. per person. If you are planning to please a loved one with a surprise for a vacation, the hotel will help you, but will not tell you in advance what is included in this package, constantly ask about this service (the local guide did not know this and missed the point). In total, a good four! Everyone is in the mood for a vacation! 139. Yorum: DON'T GO THERE! Let me start by saying that this is NOT a 5 star hotel! Certainly not all inclusive either! When I arrived I was told to wait 5 hours to get a room! Ridicule. I asked for a manager and received the room within 30 minutes, which was very old, dirty, mold and limescale in the bathroom, stains on the sheets, etc. The resort is located on hills so difficult and tiring even to go to the restaurant, beach or reception. WiFi is not free! You pay 3€ per hour! Haha. By the pool there was only diluted fruit juice, water and bread rolls with disgusting lamb. This place is mainly for Russians who are very rude and aggressive! Avoid. Avoid. Avoid! I was there with my younger sister and we didn't feel safe or welcome at all! We stayed 1 night and booked another hotel. I complained to 3 different managers and was fired each time or they claimed they didn't speak English. I requested a refund for the nights I didn't stay and I'm still having trouble receiving it! This is not a 5 star hotel! Not everything understood! Rude! Sale! In the middle of nowhere! Please save time, money and energy! It's not worth it. I recommend the Seaphoria Beach Hotel! 5 🌟 140. Yorum: I consider the whole week-long trip to be very successful. Senza Garden Resort is actually a small village consisting of many buildings, swimming pools, parks, etc. The area is mountainous, so I don't recommend it for people who can't or don't want to walk too much. The hotel has a private beach. Sun loungers are available. The hotel service was fantastic. The waiters and entertainers were very kind and helpful. Problems are solved immediately. As for meals, the choice is very wide. Between the basic meals, pizzas, pasta, kebabs, etc. were served for free, almost all the time. In the evening it was also possible to eat a hot meal. The only thing that disappointed me was the quality of the room. Unfortunately, there was a lot of humidity inside, which caused an unpleasant smell. I definitely wouldn't give the room 5 stars, although the view and location right next to the beach were wonderful. If someone doesn't want to sleep in luxury, I definitely recommend it. Especially since the price of the whole thing via the Tui travel agency was very affordable. The animators have organized many attractions for children and adults. As for the extra costs, you had to pay €2 more per day for wifi. Despite the small flaws related to the room, I really recommend it. 141. Yorum: On May 16, 2024, we entered the holiday village with our friends for one of the associations that we organize with more than 100 people each year. Unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find something decent to eat in this hotel, which is supposed to have an all-inclusive concept. The rooms are very far from the beach. Everywhere there is an uphill slope, it is very difficult to go up and down. Especially those who have babies or elderly people should not prefer it. The rooms are very very old, there is no service, the service is bad, the waiters are very rude. There is no hygiene in the hotel and the employees. Even though we ate selectively, we could never eat comfortably. In summary, this is the most mediocre hotel I have ever seen. I have never made a bad review of a hotel in my life. This is the first and hopefully the last. 142. Yorum: My wife and I were on vacation for the second time in this place. A hotel to recommend. There are many attractions on the extensive grounds, including a spa and sauna. We came to the SPA on the recommendation of a young man, Andrzej, who speaks Polish very well. My wife took advantage of the massage package. This was done professionally by masseuse Nina. I also recommend the Textilmarket by the pool. Very good service!!!! Advice without being aggressive and reasonable prices, and you can even haggle. 143. Yorum: We are here for the second day. While driving and reading some of the reviews I was terribly scared. The hotel is located on a cliff. So it is a place for those who like to walk. We really like this place. Very nice performance. The pool is ok, but unfortunately I noticed some tiles falling to the bottom, so you have to be careful. Close to the sea. I think it was a very good choice. It's not monotonous. Everyone will find something to suit them. 144. Yorum: After a long journey to the hotel, we were only given a key at the reception (I later found out that you can also get multiple keys if you ask again) and a piece of paper with brief information about the facilities and meal times in English. A young man came to load our suitcases into the shuttle. The bus had no windows and no closed doors. It looked like an outdated safari bus. We were taken to the top of the mountain. The driver stopped from time to time to pick up other guests. Only there were the suitcases in the middle. People just stepped over it. I found it very uncomfortable. Once we reached the top, we were shown to our room. The young man carried the suitcases. We had already driven a bit and I asked for information on how we should find breakfast the next day. The young man spoke only Turkish. On the other hand, I speak seven languages, which didn't help me with him. So he turned on the phone and Google Translate did the rest. The young man left after I knew the restaurant was around the corner (from what he said). The next day I admired the superb view of the sea and the beach. As we had a large room at the top of the mountain, we had a panoramic view. This is a very large installation. Just as some had already described it during their recession as a village or a seaside resort. We had the water park right next door with a nice quiet pool. We always used it in the morning. The bartender was incredibly friendly and spoke good English. He was the only one there who would make me non-alcoholic cocktails. In other bars I always heard that there were no mocktails and often the only alternative was a non-carbonated soft drink. We were mainly at the water park in the morning and at the beach in the afternoon and evening. The deckchairs on the beach are also getting old. Overall, the facilities on the beach give a dilapidated impression. The hotel next door is much nicer with its jetty into the sea and its bar at the top with rattan chairs and loungers. But the beach had everything for my daughter. She knew how to scuba dive and build sandcastles. I have something to eat and drink right on the beach. They didn't care much about the old deck chairs. There are a few shops right on the beach, but only for essentials. It is worth going to Alanya for shopping. Regarding the guests: yes, many come from the East, most of them speak Russian. But they come from very different regions. Some come from Lithuania/Kazakhstan or Ukraine. Some were Turkish or German-Turkish. All kinds of languages ​​were heard. Sometimes also German and English. I received little information or assistance at the front desk. You have been treated rather unkindly. It seemed like the people were small and didn't want to be disturbed. A receptionist didn't even look up from her screen when I asked her about WiFi. By the way, this is paid. And costs 2 to 3 euros per device per day. THE VARIABLE PRICE! We were not told why it cost more on certain days. Overall we were happy with the sea and the pools. The service can be extended. 145. Yorum: I recommend this hotel to everyone, it is really nice, the restaurant staff is very friendly and the cooks are also a super polite person, the head chef is a super polite person and the recession manager is excellent, helpful and polite. 146. Yorum: Stay in June 2023. The only advantage of this place is its attractive location with beautiful views from every room. Other than that, only negative points. In general, the facilities are dirty. Initially we were given a room that was not cleaned and had bugs in it. After an argument and several hours of waiting, the room was changed. The air conditioning only worked partially (in one room out of two). Despite the intervention, no one repaired it for a week. Very average food. The overall service, snacks and drinks were pretty poor. Overall rating - 2 stars only for location. However, if someone wants to spend their vacation in clean conditions and using a decent all-inclusive package, I definitely do not recommend this establishment. 147. Yorum: This hotel is not suitable, our towels were stolen and what did you tell us? So that we can manage on our own or buy a new one because he didn't want to help us, towels were stolen from a lounger by the pool, the food is also not tasty, it tastes like vomit, a plus is that the pool entertainment is nice and the pool, but the pool bar is not maintained because the employees sit there all day because of the unpleasant smell of rotten food that is constantly behind them, I will not come back here 148. Yorum: My family and I were very satisfied with this hotel. He was very well taken care of. The employees were smiling and friendly. I'll come back anyway. It was a great holiday surrounded by nature, the food, entertainment and room cleaning were very good. It is a respectable hotel. I would like to thank the esteemed hotel manager, Mr. Kadir, and the friends of the reception, Mr. Ahmet, who works at the restaurant, and all the employees for their help, understanding and friendly sincerity, I will definitely come back next year, I have no doubt, I recommend it to everyone, thank you senza garden 😊😊. 149. Yorum: There was a terrible fishy smell at the entrance to the restaurant. The food is bad. The drinks machines are not working. Garbage bags scattered between houses. The deck chairs on the beach are old and disgusting. Competitive hotel next door 100 times better. 150. Yorum: First of all, I would like to thank Mr. Furkan, who helped at the reception, he was very helpful with the room, and then we would like to thank the chef Mustafa, who helped us with everything until we left the hotel today. … 151. Yorum: The hotel rooms are dilapidated, there is no ventilation in the bathroom, the air conditioners in the rooms do not work properly, it is not possible to sleep in the room, it is very hot, the refrigerator in the room is out of date. WiFi is chargeable - €2 per day, in-room safe is also chargeable. The reception staff cannot even provide basic information. The rooms are not cleaned at all, towels and bedding are not changed. The food is the same every day, like in a 3* hotel. The hotel's beach dining area is located far from each other. The beach is not cleaned. There are no positives here, only a million negatives. If you want to relax normally, this hotel is clearly not for you. The cost of the tour is too high for such conditions (rest from 13.07.24 to 19.07.24) This was the last trip to this hotel 152. Yorum: We went on vacation two years ago. We would not return to this hotel. The first day we arrived in a room on the top floor, where the air conditioning was not working (it was 40+). When asked to change rooms, the receptionist first asked for €100, then reduced the price to €50. We refused. I had to suffer in this infernal heat for almost two days. Thanks to the AnexTour employee who helped us resolve this issue and negotiate with the hotel staff to move us to a regular room. Half the vacation was ruined by such a nasty attitude. The rooms are not worthy of a 5* star, just like the work of this receptionist. In other respects the hotel is not bad. The food is good and varied, the beach is clean, there is entertainment! 153. Yorum: This is our first visit to Senza Garden Hotel. We were very satisfied. The staff is very friendly and sincere. On the beach, the pizzas and hamburgers are very successful. you for your efforts. Chef Mustafa. See you next year. 154. Yorum: Before coming to the hotel, I read so many bad reviews that I was afraid. After entering the hotel, I wondered what the people who wrote these reviews wanted. Yes, the rooms are not ultra luxurious, they didn't hide it when. I looked at the pictures, I went there with that awareness. It was very clean, the rooms were cleaned every day, like the first day. Everything I asked the hotel for was done by the staff, none of my requests were denied. It has been written that employees treat foreigners differently from Turks. All the employees were dedicated and very helpful. I would also like to thank MIRHAT MURAT HAKAN CELAL and UĞUR, especially those who worked in restaurants, bars and eateries. other bars. It was like we had been friends for years. Because of their warm and sincere behavior... The only downside to the hotel is that it is on a hill and there is hourly service. If you make arrangements accordingly, you will have no problems. Finally, the food on the menu and at the sea bar is particularly excellent. I don't know, I was very satisfied, I think I got my money's worth. expect 200,000 comfort, don't get involved. 155. Comment: Drama! A tragedy from start to finish. The rooms are dirty, old. Smelly bathrooms. On the beach in the sand! The food is the same every day. Lunch was "listened" to dinner and looked like someone had thrown it on the table. 156. Yorum: After a week I can say that the location is great, the views are beautiful and unforgettable 😍 our first vacation, the rooms could have been cleaner, but it was still not bad :D the overall service was excellent 😁🏝️ I consider my first vacation in my life a success 🌴🏝️ 157. Yorum: They deceive you under the name of zero sea, you descend to the sea by a million steps. The food is mediocre, everything is limited, they give you an a la carte restaurant, but they don't cater to you when it comes to local tourists. Apart from that, it's not bad, the nature is beautiful, the sea is beautiful. Except the stairs, for the child. 158. Yorum: The hotel is quite well located and that's where the advantages end. Dirty public toilets, loose sinks and faucets. In the beachside bathroom, water leaks from the ceiling, causing a musty smell. The bathrooms in the bedrooms were also disgusting, the tiler probably applied glue with a rake and scattered the tiles far and wide. No precision at all. If the hotel had two stars, I might turn a blind eye. I do not recommend. 159. Yorum: Hello, I think the hotel is a perfect relaxing hotel in terms of value for money and average age, the pool, sea and location are great, the food is nice, the staff is friendly, especially the animation, many thanks to Mr. Batuhan and Mahmut, it is a hotel worth its price to have a good time, we have a good time, nature, there is no distinction between Turks and foreigners, it is an international hotel. The problem is that the number of vehicle journeys since the. The beach up to the restaurant is low. If it had escalators it would be a great 7 star hotel. As someone who has been visiting various hotels in Alanya for 20 years, this is my impression. 160. Yorum: Currently here. Terrible hotel. Very old! The service is terrible, the staff are rude and try to get money out of you so they can move you to a regular room! Before this we stayed in other Senza hotels, after this trip we will not return to these hotels! I don't recommend it to anyone! 161. Yorum: We stayed with my friend and my mother during the holidays. The general structure of the hotel is different from others, closely linked to nature. There is a very beautiful sea. The snacks on the beach were very delicious. M. Masun et M. Kadir at the beach were always very polite. Also, since we went during the holidays, we had to change the time of the return bus to a late hour, but Mr. Yaşar at the reception did not let us down. The view and location of our room were very nice. I sincerely thank everyone. There is a small hygiene issue, but I think it was a perfect value for money hotel. 162. Yorum: A scenic spot, the hotel area is located on the mountainside, those who are lazy and don't like walking don't need to come here, the staff are polite, 2 swimming pools, both clean. The food is nutritious and tasty, varied, there is always meat and fish. 163. Yorum: The hotel staff was very good, especially sister Gozlemeci... The food wasn't bad. The hotel facilities were good. The most incomprehensible thing is, for example, that the towels in the rooms change every day, I used the same towel for 3 days, but there were no problems with cleaning the room, they cleaned very well. Will there be a charge for Wi-Fi? For example, it is not clear whether the room safe is chargeable. Other than that, it's a success 164. Yorum: The worst part was the daily climb in the heat... the bus is supposed to have a schedule, but it runs as it pleases, so you have to climb... On the plus side, there is a beach bar and a view from the restaurant. The downsides were the cleanliness of the beer bar and the cleanliness of the beach. (lots of trash in the water) Overall, no big drama, because the price is not great either ;) 165. Yorum: Where to start? | Rudest staff I have ever encountered, lucky to be a 2 star, terrible food - to call it breakfast is insulting and all the food is recycled. It stinks everywhere and the cocktails are terrible. AVOID and save your money please! Will. 166. Yorum: I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!! The hotel is located on the rocks as if they were all thrown from the sky, there is a lot to go up and down to the sea when arriving, it takes 2 days to find everything in the complex!!! It's based on nothing, you're constantly working your ass off to buy BE CAREFUL FAKE, all expensive stuff. The first 3 days they gave us a room from the old world war, the air conditioner was falling off the wall, the TV socket was ripped out of the wall and thrown away, no cables were hanging from the mains, leaving them aside, the LIZARDS came in. the room that walked all over the walls of the bed, on the floor I called the reception, employees came and poured water on the air conditioner through the wires, they didn't care if there was a short circuit, then one came and poured cement on the outlet of the air conditioner pipe, 2 times we asked to change rooms only on the 3rd day they changed us to a good one. WI FI calculated per second for very expensive money In the restaurant, when you go to the Formula 1 race, especially at dinner, sit next to the sea view NON STOP, you have to tip them, they are very dirty, messy I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HOTEL THE REALITY IS DIFFERENT THAN IN THE PHOTOS !!! 167. Yorum: Everything is fine except climbing the stairs Mr. Kadir and Mrs. Ayşe at the reception. Restaurant chefs Mustafa Hüseyin and Bilal, pool bar chef Mehmet and Fatma Hanım who prepared the most beautiful crepes we have ever eaten. Thanks to all the employees whose names we have not yet mentioned. It is a great advantage that the sea has a perfect breakwater... 168. Yorum: We went there with 3 families between September 2nd and 9th. It says it's a 5 star all inclusive 24 hour hotel but it's a horrible hotel, the food is horrible, the grills are always ready, we went there. and go down 161 steps to the sea, the rooms were horrible, the bathrooms were horrible, there was a hotel below, there was always activity, music and entertainment every day. In short, we were not satisfied at all, I. I certainly wouldn't liquidate him, but the employees were respectful and good, thank you Mr. That's it. 169. Yorum: We are at the hotel now. From the first moment we walked in everyone was so helpful and accommodating. I really didn't understand the expectations of those who gave bad reviews about this place. The food is very good, a wide variety of drinks is very varied. good, the staff is very good, the place is very big, you have to walk a little, other than that everything is perfect, the friends who made bad comments are those who bought the hotel and expect VIP service or fake comments I don't I don't normally comment but this place deserves praise. I will definitely be here next year too 170. Yorum: It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in my life. Don't go there anyway. There are separate stairs for dining and a separate staircase for the pool. Going to the sea is just a dream. The breakfast is extremely poor. The rooms date from the 2000s... The hotel guests are all Russians. The staff is good, the drinks are extremely bad, there are no activities, we were actually surprised by the people who commented so well... Those who like to sit on the balcony and watch the view can go there, but it is a hotel. which I will never recommend and will never pass up. 171. Yorum: Bad experience in this hotel. Reluctant receptionist, rooms on the hill - more like apartments without kitchens. 450m climb from the sea to our room, with about 190 steps. Absolutely not suitable for families with strollers and young children, unless you are an active athlete. Because the heat and the burden (carrying things to the water + children on shoulders/in arms) will take their toll. Carry them up the stairs and over the hill for lunch, then up another flight of stairs to their bedroom to sleep. The second room had no air conditioning, so even after 3 emergency calls nothing improved and it was not possible to stay in the room even at night. So we were in a triple room 4 and my husband alone in a room where the air conditioning was not working and he managed to sleep about 3 hours at night because of fatigue. Otherwise, it was worse in the room than outside. The paid WiFi (10 euros for 5 days) in the room only worked in certain places and was intended for only one user. The other family members were unable to join us. The quality and condition of the rooms were definitely not 5*, maybe barely 3*. They didn't even change a towel at my husband's house for a whole week. Definitely not here anymore. 172. Yorum: Staff: Friendly and helpful Lobby staff: Troubleshoots and is willing to help Plates: If you search, you will find clean plates. Be sure to check them in the light. Food: What I would definitely tell the hotel about this is that there are always little things in the food, like different points and spice grains that don't belong in that dish. This is the case for almost all dishes on display that are not cooked on the grill. It would be great if the hotel paid some attention to hygiene and the appearance of the food, rather than the taste of the food or whether or not there is meat. Other than that, if you're a picky person when it comes to varieties you might struggle, but there's definitely not so much variety that you'll go hungry, there's a reasonable amount of variety. However, the scarcity of hot breakfast dishes and the abundance of pastries and cheeses make for an interesting ratio. We didn't like the breakfast very much, but of course we didn't go hungry :) Even if you don't like it, it doesn't matter, because there is something to eat in every part of the hotel at all hours, so we never even went hungry. Sea: When it is wavy it gets really dirty, but if the weather is nice the sea is flat, clean and at the perfect temperature. There are not many people swimming in the sea, so we feel comfortable. There was an employee at the beach who usually emptied the trash cans and arranged the deck chairs. We admired his determination to work, he was a very well-intentioned person. ***We especially liked the pizzas and burgers on the beach. Burger lovers may not like it, but there are poolside BURGERS out there AND THEY DO IT VERY GOOD. He who understands, understands. The pizza is delicious too. Although beers and very light drinks are free, unfortunately their alcohol content is extremely low and for some reason, although it didn't affect us at all, it gave us a HEADACHE on the days we drank alcohol :( If you want to see the alcohol effect, you should drink whiskey. Maybe this doesn't happen to others, but I thought I'd say it anyway.*** Rooms and hygiene: when we first entered, our room had a better view than we expected, and they had positioned us in a strategic location close to the hotel, and we didn't ask for that :) it was very close to everywhere. As soon as we entered the room, the smell of cleaning products hit our noses and we thought that we must not have experienced what we feared. Our sister had cleaned it as much as she could before entering the room. The towels and sheets were clean. Yes, the furniture is a bit old, but being old has not had a negative impact on us. It was usable and problem free. I would be happy if there was a fly screen on the balcony window of the rooms. Any insect that wanted to could get in, but unfortunately the little spikes ate me. We didn't wait with the window open, but if we opened it even for a moment, they were packed :( This is where the hygiene problem begins. I don't know the exact reason, but they didn't change the towels and bed linen except once for 5 days. Perhaps this should be mentioned specifically... I'm sure they would have helped us if we wanted, but we got through it and didn't want to deal with it. Other than that, it's nice. As a very attentive person, I didn't see any other problems, but in one of the comments I saw below, someone wrote "the rooms don't agree with this :) Transportation within the hotel: Yes, it's all hilly. It can be tiring and inconvenient for elderly, overweight and weak people to choose it. BUT THERE IS SERIOUSLY NOTHING TO EXCEED TOO. Remote rooms can be a bit difficult, but you can always ask for a shuttle for that. I'm sure no one will offend you. I found it compatible in terms of concept and location. You can also admire the view of nature and the sea, very pleasant when going down the slopes. Unless you have a health problem, you will burn off what you eat. If you go to the beach at most twice a day, I don't think it will do you any harm. Animation: If you are not addicted to entertainment, that's enough, the actors are trying. FINAL: Of course, if we consider the price/performance ratio, we found it quite sufficient. I consider some of the things I said to be constructive criticism. As we were leaving we were wondering WHY IS IT SO CHEAP? When we got back we were thinking about why it was so cheap. Because the money we paid was worth the service we received. 5 stars because the shortcomings are understandable and remediable and the staff and management are willing to address the issues⭐️ 173. Yorum: We stayed at Senza Garden Hotel for 5 nights, thanks to Mrs. Ayşe who helped us at the reception, we were a lucky family for the location of the room, we were given a room close to the main swimming pool and … 174. Yorum: We came from Ankara between July 22-27, 2024, spent our vacation and were very satisfied with our hotel. I especially congratulate CHEF Mustafa Ergin and his team for their beautiful cuisine and presentations. The treats in both the sea and aqua were extremely delicious. Our rooms were very spacious, the staff were friendly and attentive. you respect the transport service schedules, a trouble-free holiday awaits you. Thank you Senza Garden Holiday to its staff. 175. Yorum: First of all, I do not recommend people with children, babies and elderly people to come. I gained muscle in my legs from climbing stairs and hills. The waiter at the Aquapark was very good. There are queues like in bars. in the Aquapark was below average for someone coming from a restaurant. There was a lot of variety in the food, but it was not at an edible level, so the employees paid him minimum wage. sea, but if you live near the reception at least 10 minutes to go to the sea, get well soon. The pizza and hamburger by the sea were very good and the service was fast, the a la carte waiters were luxurious, indifferent. the food, tasteless and there is a cat and a bee. It was the most tasteless fish I have ever eaten in my life. The beach was like building sand, there was sand under the pool, they came in as if they were coming from the sea, cleaning it. of the pool was poor, even the 2 points I gave are too high... 176. Yorum: The food is monotonous and often cold. The drinks suck. We had a room in the middle, close to the canteen and close to the beach. However, for us, climbing into this fever was hard work 177. Yorum: It was our first time at the hotel, we spent 4 nights in total, we had a wonderful atmosphere and holiday. We would like to thank Chef Mustafa, who took care of us in every aspect of our … 178. Yorum: Since the day we went there, Hersy was very kind, all the staff were very attentive, especially the bar staff Ahmet and Hakan were very interested. 179. Yorum: Hello, I will be doing some reviews for our 4 day vacation. Rooms 3 points, very clean and without comfort, old and to regulate In terms of service, the restaurant food is average hotel food, it does not have much taste, but there is a lot of variety. The pizza, salad, pasta at the beach bistro were very good, the burger was average, not so good. We're not hungry, we fill up on pizza and pancakes, somehow, the alcohol was the average hotel alcohol, the drinks were cold, there was no shortage of ice, it was good in the sense. The location is very good, but the distance to the beach and the stairs are tiring. Even if there is a bus, you can't always find a bus. The entertainment Cedric and Mert working at the bar were very good The staff were generally friendly and good. Overall it's a good value hotel with its pros and cons and it makes sense for the price. Thank you without. 180. Yorum: Don't choose it, you will regret it, everyone who came regretted it, the food was bad, the service was bad, we didn't have the strength in our legs to climb the stairs, everyone was trying to cancel, it's close to the sea, but you have to go up and down more than 100 steps to get down to the sea. There are 2 swimming pools, very far from each other and again stairs there are animations etc., there is nothing, people can use. the pool until morning, they are not sprayed, I think I have never seen a hotel that offers such bad service in my life. I hope this comment will show some people the right way. Those who give more than 3 stars. either employees there or connections with the hotel. No sane person would even give this hotel 4 stars. If you choose survival, you will suffer less. Moreover, on the market, cigarettes are sold at 3 times the price, while everything is sold. otherwise it is sold 5 times more expensive. 181. Yorum: It's not as bad as everyone makes it out to be! I'm Scottish yes, it's not a 5 star! Completely a 3.5 star Wi-Fi connection for a drink costs €3 per day per item. The food is ok but not great! I ate a lot of turkey, you can easily improve! DO NOT COME if you can't walk! This is a 215 step hike down to the beach and another 215 steps back up! I wouldn't come back, but it's okay 182. Yorum: It just so happens that I accidentally ended up in this hotel. If you have a choice, forget this hotel. Everything that can be bad is bad here. Emplacement. You have to go up and down the mountain all the time. I was placed at the very top. Even if they see that I am not a young woman anymore. Then they told me that this was how they were getting me to change my number for a fee. From the room to the restaurant and back, it is 1.6 km. From the room to the beach and back 2.5 km. Sometimes you get stuck on a bus. But it's rare. During the 10 days of our stay, they never changed the towels, the cleaning is such that you have to walk around with shoes, because otherwise the whole sole is black. It's dirty everywhere. The restaurant is just awful. Dirty and worn napkins are on the tables, you run around looking for cutlery. You can only eat fruits, vegetables, cheeses and grilled foods. The appearance of what they cook themselves is just a kind of mess. To top it all off, the money was gone from the room. It's not a big amount, but the receptionist shrugged as if he couldn't be helped. Usually not a vacation, but 10 days of hard work. Thank God I'm leaving tomorrow. 183. Comment: Senza Garden Holiday is perfect. Kadir the hotel manager is very helpful. The staff is very kind. Very well, I offer the Senza Holiday Club to everyone. The food is amazing! 184. Yorum: The first day we arrived there was a lot of negativity, but then my opinion changed... On the positive side, the territory is beautiful and large, the beach for children is great, the sea is clean and warm, there are enough sun loungers, the Internet on the beach is well caught. The restaurant has a great view but it was very busy as they were there for the Turkish holiday of Kurban Bayrak, the food was varied and there was plenty of everything and it was delicious. Cons: The rooms are a bit poor, the bed is also not very clean, there were only 2 towels for 5 people in the room. The air conditioner feels like it's 100 years old. The beach towels are horrible, dirty and torn. Well, my rating is around 4 and not 5 stars. 185. Yorum: Please note that this is a holiday village. The layout of the rooms and other buildings is scattered. You will have to go up and down hills. The food is quite sufficient. Fatma's sister, who makes pancakes, is very friendly and cordial. The chef, Mustafa, and the other employees are doing their job properly. The young friends of the animation are very kind. 186. Yorum: Very well located, very nice views from the hotel. Delicious and varied food, cocktails, lots of cakes. The animators are great, they do their best, organize lots of activities and competitions during the day! I had a great time :) 187. Yorum: Really horrible service, all inclusive, 2 nights and 3 days, the room is limited, you have to go through tracks and ramps to get from the room to the beach, enjoy this natural beauty, the food and drinks are horrible, plastic cups, this can not be described, it can be experienced, I am in favor of you not doing it. 188. Yorum: It may have been the most luxurious hotel of the 90s, but it is a hotel that will be 30 years old in 2024. It is located on a very large plot, right on the seafront, but the sea is at least 500 meters from most rooms. The beach is beautiful, but the restaurants and food are of a very low standard. The service and humanity of Brother Kadir at Sahil Bistro is incredible. If you go, don't forget to eat pizza at Kadir Abi. 189. Yorum: Don't expect much from the standard hotel lunch and dinner. But it's not bad at the pool or beach when it's hot, flatbread pizza is my favorite. The staff is very good and friendly. In a holiday village atmosphere 190. Yorum: Lovely staff, beach and food. Dated rooms but ok. Many Poles and Russians think this place is theirs and they are very salesy. They would probably kill you for a seat in a restaurant with a sea view. 191. Yorum: Initially, the view from the room was of a rock. In other words, after 5 m there is a rock and that's it. No light, no plants. We moved for $100 to a room with a sea view - life has become better. The food is average. It's even fun to walk around the area. Beach 20 meters away - work continues. Not sand. And it's still ok. The bad thing is the discos in Gelendzhik with music, 90% and 50% drunk Russian guests, who also come with their speakers with Kirkorov, etc.)) The most disgusting cheap cocktails you can think of and with a queue of 20 people for 1 bartender (I'm not exaggerating). This looks very pathetic. Wi-Fi is paid, but not expensive - 20 for about 10 days. If you are a little over 40 and love the sweet month of May - welcome), you will love the animation. The second option is for a large family to live in a house here. I feel sorry for the local Germans and Poles)) 192. Yorum: The first impression was 3+, but with each passing day we liked it more and more. Beautiful views, entertainment. Darts, water polo, dancing, water polo. M. Andrzej, who is Turkish, works at the hotel and is fluent in eight languages, including Polish. He will always suggest something and give advice. He recommended me hammam massages and I have to admit it was definitely worth it, an incredible experience. Food available 24 hours a day. The beach bar serves pizza, burgers and pasta. 193. Yorum: I would like to thank Mrs. Ayse, who helped with the reception, and Mrs. Katya, who helped us with the alacarte, and I would like to thank Mrs. Katya, who helped us with everything. They helped us have a great time. vacation. Swimming pools … 194. Yorum: that's a lie, it's a 5 star hotel, I'll give a maximum of 2 stars. The only nice thing about this place was Sunshine Beach and the food was ok. I do not advise against unmannered Turks, I do not … 195. Yorum: It was okay, because it was on the mountain that you had to walk a lot. The shuttle only ran at certain times in the evening after 5:30 p.m. and we didn't get much rest. The room was very noisy and the bed was made of stone. dur. We had ours right on top of the mountain. Otherwise the room was ok. The sea was also very limited. There wasn't much room here, which was very disturbing. The food was good but not very varied. The service was sometimes very mixed. The housekeeper cleaned twice in 7 days and once on instructions. The slides were open twice a day for 2 hours each, which was not enough for the children, there were no lifeguards anywhere. The spa was also rather poor and the prices were like in Germany. The photographer Mehmet was very kind and put in a lot of effort. Otherwise I wouldn't go back. 196. Yorum: You can choose to be dishonored with your money. Even if it has no relevance, there is no solution. Ice is missing every day at meal times, it is obvious and the chefs will take care of it. But there is no leader. The food is mediocre. The pool and the sea are beautiful. Unfortunately, the rest is empty. Unfortunately, even 1 star is too much for everything except the pool and the sea. 197. Yorum: Everything is number 10, especially the animation. The only thing missing from the hotel is that there is no music, including background music in the evening. Everything is number 10. There is no red meat in the restaurant :)) I particularly appreciate that. Arda from the animation team and my brother Hüseyin. This is number 10. 198. Yorum: Overall, a good standard and good value for money, although there were some flaws, for example: entertainment = practically the same songs every night (including many Russian songs) for children and adults, or a fire/fakir show organized by the house. adult animators in the swimming pools. Incorrect Wi-Fi information.