1. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the food is delicious and changes every day, the hygiene is impeccable, the staff is attentive, like the waiters Veysi, Fatih, Emre, always at our service. However, the wifi is not excellent everywhere and you have to expect a family hotel with few young people. 2. Yorum: Great hotel 👍👍 The pool is big so you don't feel like there are a lot of people. The food was very good too. for my birthday I received a card and fruit in the room it was super nice😊😊 3. Yorum: excellent for everything: numerous swimming pools, impeccable service, catering staff, cleaning, porter, children's play area, slides, rides galore, daily entertainment, very large choice in the restaurant, snack bars equivalent to a good restaurant, possibility of eating all night, nothing to complain about. 4. Yorum: Excellent hotel in all respects. We had a very pleasant stay at the beginning of January 2024 and we only remember the positive because the negative points are rather avenues for improvement. Thank you to the Royal Wings Hotel for this wonderful experience. We landed at midnight, our suitcases were taken upstairs to a very nice room with a sea view and we had the nice surprise of discovering the restaurant open at night (midnight to 7am). Positive points + tastefully renovated hotel + clean hotel and rooms + daily room cleaning + varied and delicious buffet: including Turkish specialties and quality products: grilled vegetables, grilled fish, sautéed beef, fragrant rice, delicious pastries (be careful of the calories or you'll quickly come back with extra kilos haha ​​but it's so good!) + wide restaurant opening hours, we're on vacation and it's very appreciated Breakfast 7:30 a.m. to 11 a.m. Lunch 12:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. Pastry 4 p.m. to midnight Dinner 6:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. + pretty well-maintained garden and beautiful outdoor swimming pools + very pretty mini club and nice entertainers + off-peak season so very quiet and not too many people (surely very different in high season) + 4 fast and glazed elevators, which avoids the feeling of suffocation that you can quickly have in an elevator. 2 have a view of the reception entrance hall and 2 have a very pretty garden/sea view during the day and in the evening + indoor pool with garden view, bay windows and natural light (I hate indoor pools without windows in the basement because it feels like being in a cellar and this is not at all the case here) + a practical shop with the essentials, well-suited between the main restaurant and the access to the garden and the pools + very nice and warm staff, attentive + very quick sea access from the hotel, only 5 minutes walk, the time to cross the pool and garden area + very many slides and outdoor pools which we could unfortunately only enjoy with our eyes because we were there in January + only 2 perfume sellers who passed by when we were on the deckchairs on the beach. We declined and they didn't insist at all so it wasn't a problem at all. Points for improvement - cigarette smell coming up into the rooms via the balcony, but is there a solution? - toilets should be added to the indoor pool - the indoor pool is very nice with a view of the garden but is not very warm although heated. Even the 2 small round pools that have a jacuzzi option are cold - music until midnight that can be heard in the room on the 8th floor, in low season however. I don't dare to imagine if the discotheque is open... Not ideal if you have children who need to sleep or if you simply want to go to bed earlier. - the staff does not speak English except in exceptional cases (not French either but that's logical) so it's not always easy to make yourself understood but they always bring in a colleague who speaks English to be able to understand us and help us. 5. Yorum: Hello|We stayed 14 nights in your hotel in September 2023 where we had a good stay.|We made a new reservation for 14 nights in September 2024,|could you give me an email address because I would have wishes to ask you.|Thank you in advance. 6. Yorum: I was looking forward to my vacation in this hotel, but I am a little disappointed. |The biggest problem with this hotel is the rooms! A disaster. |The last night we had to sleep early because the next day we had an appointment at 8am at … 7. Yorum: Fantastic holiday in May 2024 Staff, buffets, location and swimming pools, the best, a real 5*8. Yorum: The hotel was wonderful, all the staff too (at the reception, in the restaurant, the waitresses and waiters, the employees of the different restaurants), all the staff were very pleasant, smiling and always responded to our … 9. Yorum: No need to read all the comments on Maps, I'll give you "the cream of the crop" 😊, all the details you need. We had a great stay, a week around mid-September, the weather was ideal for the beach and the swimming pool (around 30°C during the day, and a pleasant temperature in the evening) #Location: very well located hotel, 15 min from the airport, opposite many shopping centers, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies... #Reception: the only downside of our stay, after spending a sleepless night at the airport + the plane + transfer, we arrived around 7am, very tired and with a 4 year old child, we had to wait 6 hours to finally be given a room, and what a room!!! A shack, a cellar on the ground floor, very dark, with a very low ceiling, without balcony or window (just a round hole in the wall that overlooks the goods depot), we were shocked because it was not what we expected when we booked in a well-rated 5-star hotel. We had to complain and negotiate to get a nicer room overlooking the swimming pool... Thank you Miss NUR 🌹 #Room: the new room was magnificent, overlooks the slides and the boulevard, spacious, contemporary, very clean upon our arrival, air-conditioned, contains everything necessary: ​​large flat screen, comfortable bedding, mini bar refilled every day (free), kettle,... The only downside: the rooms are well soundproofed from the outside, but not between the rooms, we could hear everything our neighbors were saying, luckily they were not very noisy. #Service: attentive staff, very helpful and smiling, but we felt that they were overwhelmed, the maid did the whole floor by herself, it was clear that she did not have enough time to clean properly, we asked to clean our room 1 day / 2 or even out of 3, but her work was a little sloppy anyway #Food: the 3 main meals are served in a large, bright, contemporary, very clean restaurant, which overlooks the garden and the swimming pool, impeccable service. The most gourmet will find what they are looking for, very pleasant food for all tastes, themed menu which varies every day (Italian, Mexican, Mediterranean, Turkish, Asian), meat and fish of all kinds, quality and very fresh desserts prepared the same day. They thought of everyone: * small restaurant for children with small tables and chairs, and which opens its doors 30 minutes before the main restaurant opens, like that you feed your children first so that you can eat in peace afterwards (well... I hope so 😋) * a small corner for people on a diet, with "healthy" dishes * they even thought of celiac patients, a corner with salty and sweet meals and GLUTEN-FREE bread * next to the main restaurant, there are several small restaurants and snack bars all over the hotel, which serve very good quality snacks: pizza, hamburger, döner, kumpir, hot dog, fruit, ice cream, cold drinks... but what struck us the most was the "Turkish tent" where they prepare very tasty traditional Turkish specialties (Pide, Gözleme) #Beach and swimming pool: * clean beach, sufficient number of deckchairs, free towels that are given to you on the 1st day upon arrival. (-): large sand and pebbles, and deep bay that I do not recommend for children. * numerous and large swimming pools at different depths for adults and children, slides, aqua gym, etc. #Entertainment: I have never seen a hotel make so much effort to entertain its guests: animation, theme nights, professional dance groups, singers, free rides... #Hotel very suitable for children: playground, free daycare from 4 years old, mini disco every evening.. A big thank you to the host JOELLE for her extreme kindness, I hope that your "Turkish" colleague learns a little good manners #Spa: I wanted to have a massage but the prices are TOO expensive 10. Yorum: We can hear the TV, the discussion from neighboring rooms. We can even hear the neighbors' doorbells.|Average service, average food. |On our experiences of 7hotels at similar price. Personally, I would never come back and I do not recommend this hotel unless the prices are reduced and it becomes a low cost hotel 11. Comment: The 4 fois sur kundu lara avant cela limak, Concorde, caravanserai . sherwood. The Royal wings infrastructure level is magnificent swimming pool and palm tree on 1 km the beach right next door. paradise for lovers and children alike. So much… 12. Yorum: We had a royal stay in this superb hotel. Everything was perfect from the room to the dinners and the cleanliness.|There were 8 of us as a family and everyone was happy.|Recommended and we will definitely be back. 13. Yorum: Very good stay at the royal wings! Top service, top staff, magnificent hotel, we will definitely come back! However, never, and I mean never, go to the hairdresser who is present in the hotel, he has catastrophic products that burned my hair, yes I mean burned! 14. Yorum: Stay from 09/06 to 09/13 the positive:, clean hotel, large room and always well cleaned, friendly and always smiling staff, the buffet good and well presented, the swimming pool is just magnificent for the beach too. the lunch restaurant at … 15. Yorum: Worthy of its 5 stars! Everything is great and pleasant. We had a great stay. Small improvement: review the tiling on the Aqua Park side which is not or not sufficiently anti-slip. 16. Yorum: Superb week spent in this establishment.|The welcome and the staff are great, very friendly and very helpful.|Very nice room and very functional.|The buffets are great, a little disappointed to have to pay 10 euros per person for… 17. Yorum: Fabulous: food, environment, services, entertainment, cleanliness, location. What a nice surprise, everything has been redone and it's modern and bright. The choice of materials and colors: sublime. As always, the quality is there. The service, at the reception, at the restaurant. The property in the hotel and outside. The garden is magnificent, all this nature, these flowers and these palm trees which border the swimming pools. The setting is relaxing. It's a good place to live, I've been staying there for two weeks now and I dream of coming back. Let's talk about the spa and the wonderful Balinese massages, but also the stronger and different Turkish ones. Finally, if you like to eat well, meat, fish but also varied vegetables and good desserts, this is the hotel for you. Wonderful, fabulous. Thanks to all the teams, those we see and also those we don't see. Well done and see you soon I hope. Plus 18. Yorum: Mediocre stay First of all I would like to point out that the welcome is deplorable, they wanted to send us to another hotel under the pretext of covid with a photo to support their hotel, a chain in fact. We accepted without much conviction and when we saw that the hotel did not have the facilities that we had reserved, such as the slides for example, we asked to find the Royal Wings hotel. Well, on our return, surprise, we put you in the closet, room in a wing of the Vu Zero hotel, moreover above the holidays, in fact absolutely not from our reservation. we discussed with others well exactly the same process so without counting swimming pool closed in the morning not possible to use tibbogann and so many others that I can no longer tell you avoid this hotel 19. Yorum: second stay in this hotel disappointed with the services and the hotel service which deserves to be renovated change of group which focuses on the economy the waiters are on the hunt for tips "Tipbox at will" if only the service was there the a la carte restaurant with extra, the indoor swimming pool in case of bad weather cold and very small no show in the evening a bore all the services are paid for while we have experienced the complete opposite in summary not worthy of a 5 star. 20. Yorum: too bad the indoor pool is not open. for people who want to go swimming. otherwise it's impeccable on everything. 21. Yorum: The best place of my life, nothing to say, excellent, I have never seen such top service, I could talk about it until my next vacation, it is so perfect, really recommended 22. Yorum: beautiful and magnificent, I recommend it to people who want to have a good, quiet stay. Besides, I plan to leave at 23. Yorum: Generally, of course the animation is very good, well done guys. Much more recommended for families. 24. Yorum: Very nice hotel, helpful staff and good services 25. Yorum: The sea 5 minutes from the room, swimming pool, food galore, sun, superb dream vacation 26. Comment: Super 👌 … 27. Comment: Jadore 28. Comment: Super 29. Yorum: We just returned from a wonderful family vacation at this hotel. Our 3 year old daughter had the time of her life going from the pool to the beach to the water park. The highlight was supposed to be the … 30. Yorum: We stayed at the Royal Wings for a week. The hotel is beautiful and the bar staff were amazing. We also enjoyed the evening entertainment! Our room was well maintained and clean and the refrigerator…31. Yorum: We chose Royal Wings to try another 5 star hotel in Türkiye. This review is based on our opinion and findings, which list the good and the bad. Some of the problems could be easily changed… 32. Yorum: ✨ **Royal Wings Hotel – An unforgettable experience!** ✨ Our stay at the Royal Wings Hotel was simply magical. From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. The grand lobby, with its sumptuous decor and friendly staff, sets the tone for an incredible experience. The rooms were spacious, spotlessly clean and beautifully designed. Every detail has been carefully considered, from luxurious bedding to stunning city views. The facilities were top notch including the spa, gym and swimming pool which were all the perfect way to relax. Dining at the Royal Wings Hotel was a gastronomic delight. Each restaurant offered a unique culinary experience, with delicious dishes prepared by world-class chefs. The breakfast buffet, in particular, was a feast for the senses. What really sets this hotel apart is the exceptional service. Every staff member went above and beyond to make sure our stay was perfect. Their attention to detail and genuine hospitality made us feel truly special. If you are looking for a five-star hotel that offers an unparalleled experience, look no further than the Royal Wings Hotel. We can't wait to go back! 🌟 33. Yorum: We love Turkey, the most visited place by myself and my family, I went to Side, Belek and now Lara Beach. We spent 10 wonderful nights at Royal Wings Lara Beach. A large modern hotel with its own beach… 34. Yorum: We spent 10 days as a couple in this hotel and were delighted from the start. We were greeted with a complimentary room upgrade, which made our stay even more enjoyable. The room was comfortable and had a nice view. The food selection was impressive, with a variety of dishes to suit all tastes. Whether it was breakfast in the morning or dinner in the evening, the quality of the food was always positive. A small downside was the many photographers and masseurs who spoke to us every day and wanted to offer their services. It was a bit intrusive at times and disrupted the relaxed atmosphere. The rooms are very noisy Overall our stay was very positive and we recommend this hotel. 35. Yorum: Currently still at the hotel. I came here in 2009 and came back to see how it had changed. Nice, very clean hotel with good rooms. The food is good but even though the hotel is quiet, the main restaurant … 36. Yorum: Nice hotel, delicious food! The staff in general can't do enough for you! There is plenty for my 7 year old to do - I enjoyed the funfair, a particularly nice touch. The only one… 37. Yorum: Our last day at our hotel, we would like to share our overall experience; 1) The most distinctive feature of the hotel is that it is customer-oriented in terms of service; All the hotel staff are friendly and solution-oriented, which provides you with much enjoyment, convenience and beyond peace during your vacation. 2) The rooms were cleaned every day during our stay, thank you for their efforts. 3) The customer representative office is active 24/7. 4) One of the biggest issues for us was that our experience staying at this hotel coincided with our 8 month old baby's transition to solid foods. Thank you very much, they filled the meals we requested for our baby before each meal; My wife was even invited to the dining hall, the dining room was very clean and the staff was meticulous. However, the variety and quality of the products coming out of the restaurant was very important; kudos to those who worked hard. We would like to see institutions appreciated in this way. Merci... At 38. Yorum: The staff is friendly, some are attentive, some are not, or rather, like everywhere else, there is more interest in foreigners than Turkish employees do, I did not find that at all. The rooms do not have good sound insulation, room space, etc. is nice and clean, the maximum cleanliness that can be in a hotel, because I am one of those who do the cleaning myself. The food is really bad on holiday sites and I have never understood those who praise it here. I'm not a gourmet, but at least I know what Turkish food should taste like. They wrapped anchovies in olives and served it as a starter. I ate meatballs and pita salad for 4 days, and it was out of necessity! There was a competition like "You can't do anything right" or "Who makes the worst meal?" » Breakfast is very good, but you can eat it for lunch and dinner if you don't respect your stomach. I could never find this suitable for such a hotel. I don't understand if you open your drinks with water or what, everything tastes the same. Unfortunately the sea is only beautiful in the morning, at other times the water is very wavy and cloudy, I didn't like it, I don't think they deserve the money paid. 39. Yorum: We are currently at Royal Wings and unfortunately we have not been very satisfied. We have stayed at different hotels in Larada over the years and have always been satisfied, but Royal Wings is definitely not worth the price. While I get 2-3 plates in every hotel, I couldn't even fill one plate in this hotel. We came every day with hope, but it was always the same disappointment. We didn't like the food at all. There are plenty of options at the pools and beach at lunch time and the food is not bad. There is a lot of noise coming from the next room and the cleanliness of the rooms cannot be called clean. They just change the towels and make the bed, that's all. Since we didn't use the blankets from the baby bed, we put them on the floor along with the extra pillows and blankets from the big bed. It's unbelievable, but it was obvious from the day we arrived that they were standing in the same place, they didn't even pick up the bed and fix it (this is the first time we've experienced this). So I can't say it's really a 5 star resort and it was worth it. No matter where we sit by the pool or towards the beach, we always hear the smell of cat feces while eating lunch, which is extremely disturbing. The staff is not friendly at all, you are afraid to ask or say anything. There were a few male waiters at dinner, they were very friendly and their service was good, we would like to thank them from here. The children's pools and slides are very nice. There are many pools and options. If you only go to the children's pool, you are far from everything. There is almost nothing in the small bar. Wifi is very weak when you leave the room. And while the kids were eating chips in the morning, they dropped one on the floor Less than 10 seconds later, I tried to pick it up and let's see... So many insects or ants, I don't know where, came from. under the sofa we were incredibly surprised and disgusted by the room. So, to make a long story short, there are of course positive aspects, but we will definitely not return to this hotel. It was a waste of our money. I would have liked to go to SHERWOOD, where we were going. years.. 40. Yorum: The quality of the drinks is zero (there is no beer other than Efes beer, drinks like Chivas Jack, which are standard in cheaper hotels, cost between 5 and 10 euros. The food quality is 7 out of 10. … 41. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel for a week and never left. With two young children we had plenty to do there. Whether it's various water slides, swimming pools or sand games by the sea. There was always plenty to do for the little ones. There were also plenty of offers for older children. In addition to a large fitness room, various activities such as beach volleyball, etc. were offered daily. The hotel has a small fleet of vehicles with trampoline, bumper cars, carousel, Ferris wheel, etc. and there is an arcade with all kinds of equipment. There is also a bowling alley. The staff are very friendly and love children. We particularly appreciated the attention of the pool staff. Great importance was given to safety during slides and the behaviors were generally observed in the different pools. Friendly and determined. We were very satisfied and can highly recommend this hotel to everyone, with or without children. There is something for all ages and as the establishment is so big, it is well spread out and you don't get in each other's way so quickly. 42. Yorum: I don't recommend it!! Certainly!! I think this will be my last return to Türkiye! We were robbed in this hotel, we hid everything in the safe. Because there are thieves among the cleaning staff here. They search clothes, wardrobes, handbags!!!! Be careful with everything!!! Unfortunately, although the matter was reported to the hotel manager and the organizer, no one took up the matter. Because it's probably the "norm" there, they say that not all employees have a criminal record... interesting ?????? They told us to invite the police with an expert translator at our expense??!!! The value of the “loot” is approximately PLN 2,000. The food was okay, but not great. The Long Beach Resort is definitely a better hotel. We came back disgusted because instead of resting there was nervousness... If this were a self-respecting hotel, they would settle the matter amicably so that the customer would be satisfied. Unfortunately, the request was rejected 43. Yorum: This hotel is simply exceptional. 5 stars at its best. Royal Wings knows how to throw a party, whether it's a garden party, a foam party or a victory party. The entertainment team and bar staff… 44. Yorum: We got a great room for a €50 upgrade. The staff are very friendly, the food is good and the pool is great. Masseurs who want to offer their services are a bit annoying and intrusive, but yes... They live off it and we can clearly say that we cannot find the work they need. 45. Yorum: When you first enter the room, a wave of warmth greets you. No one thought that a guest would come and we would turn on the air conditioner for five minutes. Other hotels have private WhatsApp groups to communicate with guests, but there is nothing like this. There is not even a greeting at the first entrance. Servers are fed up with long hours and low pay and are taking their frustration out on customers. Of course, this doesn't apply to everyone. The massage and Turkish bath side is entrusted to a private company. They treat you badly until you get a massage and pay them. This is the first time I have encountered this in a Turkish bath. They do not provide scrubs, towels or soap, you bring your own. If you insist, they take the shampoos out of the room and give them to one to four people. I think the manager of this hotel should go and stay with Nirvana, Güral and Gloria for three days and learn what a five-star hotel is. They close the indoor pool in the summer and condemn you to the infernal heat of 45 degrees outside. There is only one towel dispenser in the entire hotel. I need my towel on the pier, good luck. There is no bar on the pier, you will go to the beach. As soon as restaurants and bars close, turn off or dim the lights, we feel like we're being kicked out. The only supermarket that will inflate an inflatable sea toy costs 2 euros. There is no service like in other hotels. Some of the kids' club activities are money-related, such as kids' tattoos and t-shirt painting. If you want, stay a month and eat a la carte for money. The restaurant is ok. Definitely below other hotels in terms of quality. The entertainment team is busy wandering around on deckchairs and selling t-shirts. There are some free activities in the mini club, they are ok. Room cleanliness is a separate issue. Instead of re-hanging the towels you put on the floor, you dry your face with towels rolled up on the floor. The sea and water park are ok, there is also an amusement park which is a bit complicated, other than that I suggest you look at other hotels. 46. Yorum: Review of the Royal Wings Hotel in Antalya (October 5-12): Positive: The hotel makes a very nice impression and the spacious rooms offer plenty of space, which creates a pleasant atmosphere. We were particularly impressed by the swimming pool: it is modern and well designed. The water slides are a real highlight and offer lots of fun for children and adults alike. Negative: Unfortunately the reception upon arrival was very cold and the staff seemed unfriendly and overwhelmed. This also applied to the security guards, who did not even allow us to meet visitors on the beach to say hello. The food supply at the stands at lunchtime was particularly disappointing: instead of getting a whole pizza, the portions were rationed and there were only two slices per person. Conclusion: Despite the beauty of the facilities, I would not recommend the Eurowings Hotel. The negative atmosphere caused by hostile and stressed staff significantly reduces the overall impression. Unfortunately, this spoils a pleasant stay. 47. Yorum: It's the last day of our vacation week. Unlike those who made bad comments, we were very happy. The main meal and breakfast were satisfactory. I don't know what the expectations of those who commented negatively were. I think everything was great. Rooms are cleaned regularly and well for as long as requested. The restaurant and waiters around the pool are very attentive and friendly. I would also like to thank Mr. Irfan, the employee of the restaurant and the pool bar, for his interest in us. Demonstration races were organised for adults during the day and activities were organised so that children could have a good time at the mini-club. 48. Yorum: There is absolutely no sound insulation in the rooms. We agree to an all inclusive package, but upon arrival they tell us that imported drinks (whiskey group) are charged extra. The variety of dishes is sufficient, but the taste is very bad. Those looking for flavor in cooking should definitely not go there. The family hotel is marketed as offering activities for children, but the children's activities (colouring sheets, light-up balloons, etc.) all require payment. Meal times and opening and closing times of children's playgrounds are the same, so if you feed the child, the playground (mini amusement park) closes. A hotel whose hours definitely do not deserve 5 stars. In short, it is sold as all-inclusive, but everything except the room and the tasteless meals is extra. This was a hotel with a bad experience that I will definitely not return to. 49. Yorum: My family and I have visited Antalya over eight times and stayed in different hotels, but this hotel really stands out as one of the best experiences we have had! From the moment we arrived we were impressed by the level of service and the quality of the facilities. The food was absolutely amazing: fresh, delicious and with a wide variety of options. Every meal was a treat! The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, always making sure we had everything we needed. The bar was also a highlight, offering an excellent selection of drinks including some well known brands which was a nice surprise. One of the best features was the pool and water park. It was a real treat for children and adults alike! We spent hours enjoying the slides and the well maintained swimming pool. Our room was spotless and very comfortable, with excellent housekeeping ensuring everything was clean and tidy throughout our stay. If I had to mention one point for improvement, it would be the animation team. Compared to other places we've stayed, the shows and activities weren't as engaging or exciting, but that didn't take away from the overall enjoyment of our stay. One thing that really stood out to me was how well the hotel took care of the local cats. They had a little house, with food and water for them, which made me so happy to see. It's a small detail, but it shows the level of care and attention that has gone into making the resort welcoming to everyone, even animals! Overall, my family and I had an amazing experience. The hotel was beautiful, well maintained and offered so much to do. We will definitely consider staying here again on our next trip to Antalya! 50. Yorum: This is our third visit as a family, the rooms are clean. There are spaces reserved for children and the sisters who work there are very sincere and hardworking, so you can rest your mind. The food is very good and very varied. Red meat white meat. I thought the number of people working for dinner was a bit lacking. I would also like to thank Mrs. Tülin, who made our reservation in Bubara and took care of us. 51. Yorum: This is my fourth stay in a 5 star hotel this year. I paid the most and was disappointed. The dining room staff is really inadequate, especially if you are Turkish, you have to wait for foreigners who come after you to be seated. Cleaning the table Yesterday at 8pm the sushi was finished. When we asked if they would be available again, they said no. Previously, I had never eaten Chinese food in any hotel I had stayed in and I was told that it was over. There are no toilet seats in the common areas. You may have to rush to the room. If you are not very meticulous, this will not be a problem. The turkey comes out every night and there is never a shortage, including at lunch, the olive oil is insufficient. If there is a good meal, there are long lines depending on the variety. Waffles are usually stale, I think they are made in the morning and served after lunch. The quality of the drinks is poor for the amount you consume. paying. Drinks are not drinkable anywhere except at the lobby bar. The desserts are always the same sweet ones. After buying it, we ate the dessert with plastic forks because we had no more cutlery. the shower stall was holding water like that, because my child had knocked over the bottle of shower gel in the stall in the morning and it was dead by evening. Since we were Turkish at the foam party at noon, the host friend didn't even do it. turn around to avoid giving it to us, I guess. When he insisted, he handed me the last ball. I have visited many 5 star hotels of different quality and thought this was an exceptional hotel based on its listings. the sea, yes it is a sandy beach, but it gets deep immediately and is usually wavy. The best thing about the hotel is the sun loungers, those who put out the towels in the morning all gather at 9am. For this price I could have had a better vacation at a chain hotel for a longer period of time. 52. Yorum: My advice would be to look for another hotel because this hotel is absolutely not worth the price and definitely not 5 stars! The rooms are nice and spacious, the air conditioning works well, cleaning is easy. Kettle dangerous with small children as it is very hot outside. If you stay in a 3 person room, you only have 2 glasses and 2 cups, no extra drinks are added to the mini bar due to multiple people. Nice pool, but towels are provided from 7am. The towel service is nice, but sometimes you can also get a stained or rusty towel. The service and friendliness is below standard, except for a few people. Breakfast is good, lunch at the restaurant is okay for soup or salad, dinner is dramatically bad. Nothing is hot, but lukewarm. Some things are undercooked or overcooked. There are a lot of them but they all taste pretty much the same. Pieces of meat that I wouldn't even give to my dog ​​or cat. Before breakfast or dinner is over, the dishes are already done or the staff simply don't want to do any more because they are tired. After saying something about this, we also got a big mouth from a staff member. I reported this to customer relations, where they said, oh how serious, this is indeed not possible. We wanted feedback on this, but we didn't receive it. So we went back and were asked what we could do for you. In my opinion, if you work in customer relations, you need to know how to handle customers, especially if you get a big mouth from a staff member who yells at you. I would only recommend the tents outside where you can find food. They don't even know how to make a good kumpir, here they add white beans to the tomato sauce, I think many Turks would be ashamed of that. The water park is fun, but boring for the employees. My daughter wanted to go on a tire slide and just wanted to go forward, the employee said no, go back away from it. My 9 year old daughter did not want this and also indicated it then turned my daughter's tire to make her back up and also did not wait for someone to be properly in the tire. Ice creams are available at certain times at the main pool. If you want water ice or something like a cornetto, you have to walk to the water park. The music setup at the pool bar in the evening is bad, if there is live music you better bring your earplugs because with some bands it feels like a karaoke night. The hotel store is oddly expensive. Even for cigarettes they charge double what you pay if you buy your cigarettes at the supermarket across the street from the hotel. In my opinion, only 3 members of the animation team actually do something and involve people and children. These are Artista, Ibo and Karim. There is no point in reporting complaints to customer relations as they do nothing about them. Because yes, they have to train their staff every year. They're just there for show. Overall, this is a bad hotel for a lot of money. It looks nice and that's it. Certainly never again for us. Even my daughter is happy to come home. 53. Yorum: 4th visit to Royal Wings in the last 2 years, it never fails to be impressive. From the cleanliness, the waiters, the chefs and the entertainment team, everything was great 👍 | The staff are always polite and happy to … 54. Yorum: We just returned from a 10 night stay at the Royal Wings Hotel. Very nice hotel. The beach is not great, the location to shops is good, the night entertainment is not the best and quite late so the little ones are ready for bed by then. The food isn't bad, it just gets boring after a while. Missed dinner service one night due to England watching, so ordered room service and was charged. I have never been all inclusive and been charged for room service before. The pool is great and my son loved it. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are quite clean. A few little things need to be polished here and will be 5 stars in my opinion. 55. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for a week and I recommend it to everyone. The range of food is huge. The various pides of Serdar usta at the beginning of the restaurant are particularly recommended. I have never eaten such delicious pides anywhere else. He is also very kind and friendly. A real asset for the hotel! Also, the pool is big and clean, the water park is very nice and the mini amusement park is too. The only downside is that drinks at dinner are brought by waiters and they can't always cope with the crowd. This hotel is definitely recommended. 56. Yorum: You finally feel like treating yourself to something for a week and paying extra (€2050!!!) for a room with a partial sea view and that's it. The room is ok. The view was important to me and for the price I didn't expect anything like that. Be careful when booking. The gentleman at the reception is very friendly but cannot help. These are the rooms with a partial sea view. It may be interesting for others too. If I had known this before, I would not have booked. An upgrade costs an additional €25 per day. I will contact you again tomorrow morning... update: Room size never 36 m2 (maximum half) Superior as booked, noisy because of the connecting door and the screams of the child next door and the constant monotonous noise of the exhaust air from both hotels. The quality of sleep is therefore also poor. No “long-awaited dream vacation.” The reception wouldn't let anyone talk to them. In order to save a little on my holiday, I had to pay €120 for an upgrade. Sad. The rest of the hotel seems fine so far. Sideview is nothing but a view of the field. Best view from the hotel. 57. Yorum: Hello, we arrived at Royal Wings Hotel in Kundu, Antalya on 03.09.2024. After settling into our room the first day, we spent time with my son in the water park and pools where I was in the line for baked potatoes. 3:50 p.m. to buy a snack. The staff kept saying to finish, even though there were a lot of potatoes prepared, and there were 4 people waiting, even though there were 4 people waiting in front of me. The tourist got out of the queue and. is gone. The other staff member, RABIA YIL, said there were potatoes prepared and she had to help customers who were queuing in advance, but Mr. Y.... was constantly trying to send us away, with a cheerful and happy attitude. "I'll give it to you, go ahead." Mrs. RABIA YIL served us with a smile. I would like to express my gratitude to him. Ok, I admit that we may not always be of our time. But this should not be passed on to the customer. I would like to thank Mrs. RABIA YIL for her kindness, selflessness and solution-oriented assistance. 58. Yorum: I cannot recommend this hotel. The bathroom smells of urine. The rooms are also very noisy! On the second day we were persuaded to take pictures. He said that one photo cost 10 EUR and another was free. We chose 6 photos and obtained them physically. But in digital, they cost 2 euros more???! We weren't even asked if we wanted them physical or digital. When I asked the photographer about this, he suddenly wasn't nice anymore. Just a scam. The drinks are a mixture of sugar and water. Too many food choices and often have to queue for a long time. Same thing at the snack bar. Long waiting times. The value for money is definitely not there here! 59. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks (23/07/24-08/06/24). We were very quiet, very attentive and friendly staff. All the servers in the lobby, restaurant and pool are top👍. But I have to mention two points: the internet connection was quite weak and the cleaning staff responsible for the rooms could be criticized, so something could be better. Otherwise great hotel, great staff. The location is perfect anyway, LARA is always a good decision. 60. Yorum: A very very nice hotel. We stayed at the Royal Wings for a week and were able to relax very well. There are also many activities available for children, including the many slides in the water park. The food is very varied and very tasty. You can eat something at any time. The service is very good and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. The only negative was the mattresses being too hard, but the rooms were nicely decorated. We will definitely be back to Royal Wings 🥰 61. Yorum: We went on an all-inclusive family vacation with a 12-year-old child. Location: Very convenient and only 20 minutes from the airport. Although Lara beach hotels are generally smaller than Belek hotels, which are a further 20 minutes away. Staff: The staff are friendly and helpful. They are very accommodating. We managed to extend our room by 6 hours on the day of departure (€15 per hour) and enjoy our last day. Rooms: The rooms are a good size with reasonable storage space. Fridge and mini bar, all included. Clean: The hotel is very clean. My only observation was that the room was not vacuumed during our 13 day stay. We had to ask for a new bar of soap after a week, the cleaning ladies did not replace it until we asked. I wish the balcony was cleaned often too. Lobby and different spaces: The hotel lobby is impressive. Lots of places and corners to sit. Various bars throughout the hotel. Food: I'm a very picky eater and I'm glad I can eat everything there. Food is served in different parts of the hotel 24 hours a day. The midnight snack bar is open from noon to 7am. My son enjoyed a late night snack every night. Entertainment: very good entertainment team. The shows are very good and the evenings are excellent. We loved the Galaxy Party last night. The team put a lot of effort into the decoration and the DJ was fantastic. Observation: the hotel is very noisy. There are children in every pool and not a corner where you can relax. Due to the small size of the hotel, the music played in the main pool is played throughout. We had to go to the pier to relax in a quiet area. Overall: I recommend this hotel and will definitely return when we choose to stay in Lara Beach. 62. Yorum: Our family vacation at Royal Wings was overall enjoyable, but unfortunately the hotel doesn't quite live up to the high price point. Friendly staff should be highlighted in a positive way. The long pool is well designed so that crowds get lost and it doesn't feel overcrowded. The water park with its slides is a highlight, although the Cobra slide has some injury potential. What we didn't like: As soon as we arrived, they tried to sell us an upgrade, which kind of ruined the start. Although the staff were friendly, they were completely understaffed, especially in the pool drink service. One person for the whole pool is simply not enough, which is why it took a long time to find something to drink. The cleanliness of the rooms was also disappointing. There is only one cleaning lady per floor, who is very friendly but simply does not have enough time per room. Unfortunately, this is clearly seen in the superficiality of the cleaning. The toilet brush in particular was in a terrible state and in general it felt like there was not enough time to clean the rooms thoroughly. The entertainment aimed at teenagers, especially those aged 14, was very disappointing. They were not allowed to do certain activities, which was a shame. The taste of the food was okay, but in the long run it was rather one-sided. Additionally, bath towels were often dirty when distributed. Conclusion: A nice holiday, but the hotel does not offer the level you would expect for the price. 63. Yorum: We received a warm welcome and service as soon as we entered. The entire reception team is professional and helpful. Thanks also to Mr. Ismet. The rooms are large, comfortable and spotlessly clean. There is a minibar, kettle, toiletries, safe, slippers, towels, etc. The view from the balcony over the waterfront is incredible. There is a wide variety of dishes. The restaurant staff are friendly. I would also like to thank the restaurant staff, Mrs. Gülsüm and Mr. Zones. The drinks are good. The animation is nice. The beach is very beautiful. The sea is clean and you can easily access food and drinks while enjoying the beautiful Mediterranean. A big thank you to the Customer Relations Department for the surprise they made for our wedding anniversary. The amusement park and the aqua park are enough. Perfect for families with children. The swimming pools are sufficient and clean. There are not enough umbrellas to provide shade and you can't find a place because of the empty deckchairs where the standard towels are thrown. Also, the path to leave the building and go to the beach is a bit complicated, but after a while you discover shortcuts☺️. Many thanks to the hotel management and all the staff for this beautiful and short vacation. 64. Yorum: We are currently on a family vacation at the hotel. When you look at the reviews, you are very suspicious, but they said they were hungry at the hotel, they always said there was a turkey, on the contrary, all kinds of meat are available (vecker, turkey, fish varieties, red meat varieties are abundant). So it is not possible for you to be hungry. Everything to eat is available, starting from breakfast. The rooms are cleaned regularly. I liked the cleanliness. It's not sloppy. There are different programs at the pool every day. Agua Park is also beautiful compared to the others. Sports entertainment competitions. We did not notice any shortage of sun loungers at the pool or on the beach. The employees are also very friendly and respectful. Merci. 65. Yorum: I recently stayed at this hotel and overall I had a good stay. The staff were incredibly friendly and always willing to help which made our stay very enjoyable thanks to: Feruaza from reception (not sure if the spelling is correct) Ahmet from the pool bar, he is very hardworking and always smiling and helpful Ibrahim and Vakkas from the main restaurant The room was clean and well maintained but the only downside was that the walls were quite thin. We could hear everything from neighboring rooms, which made it difficult to sleep at times. The food was decent with plenty of options to choose from, although nothing particularly stood out. The beach and pool were fantastic and had great amenities, but it was difficult to find a sunbed by the pool. There were plenty of activities available which kept us entertained, but we noticed that the children's area was quite small and didn't offer many options for the little ones. However, the water park was a highlight: very big and incredibly fun! Overall, this is a good place to stay with a few minor drawbacks, particularly in terms of noise and availability of poolside seating. 66. Yorum: We were a little disappointed because we know other 5 star hotels in Lara. Positive: Aquapark, Langnese ice cream :), location, hotel complex in general. Negative: Cocktails, slush, cleanliness, poor soundproofing of the rooms, inattentive staff, multiple requests every day at the pool for massages etc., rarely or non-existent service in the evening at the bars (generally everyone had a tip), no entertainment for children aged 9 to 14, unfriendly "banana sellers" and much more. Too bad. 67. Yorum: Honestly, we had some reservations when reading some of the reviews, but from the cleaning of the rooms to the attitude of the employees, they were all very good and caring. Our child had a particularly good time at the amusement park. Having a water park and amusement park was a big factor in our choice of this hotel. We had a great time and a great holiday. The negative aspects we see are: It can be said that everyone throws towels on the deck chairs in the morning and their chocolate desserts are not very good. 68. Yorum: A big thank you to the manager Emre, he made our stay 5 stars by upgrading the room.|The advantages of the hotel are:|the sunbeds are close to the sea and there are plenty of them.|the sea is clear and there are plenty of fish|the … 69. Yorum: This was our second stay at Royal Wings and it was 10/10. The service was amazing and the staff was very friendly. I will definitely go back for the third time. Special mention to the scuba diving team who were fantastic! 70. Yorum: Great stay at Royal Wings! 5 stars! We have just spent a fantastic week at Royal Wings and would like to share our experience. The hotel is truly magnificent: clean, modern and with all the amenities one could wish for. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, with a nice balcony where you can enjoy the sunset in the evening. The food was delicious and varied, there was something for everyone. There was a large buffet restaurant offering a variety of cuisines, but also several a la carte restaurants where you could dine. The staff were super friendly and helpful. They were always there for us with a smile and helped us with whatever we needed. The location of the hotel is perfect. It is located directly on the beach, where you can swim, sunbathe and practice water sports. You will also find several shops, restaurants and bars in the vicinity of the hotel. We used various facilities during our stay at Royal Wings, such as the swimming pool, spa and fitness room. We were never bored for a single moment! We highly recommend Royal Wings to anyone looking for a relaxing and unforgettable vacation. Pros: * Nice hotel * Delicious food * Friendly staff * Perfect location * Good facilities Cons: *We couldn't find any negative points! Tips: * Make sure to dine at one of the a la carte restaurants. * Use the spa for a wonderful massage. * Visit Antalya Bazaar for souvenirs. We hope you have as enjoyable a stay as we did at Royal Wings! 71. Yorum: The hotel was perfect in everything. It's really nice that everything in the water park and the children's amusement park is free. The hotel is clean and tidy, we had absolutely no problems. Senol Denizli, who works at the hotel, and the hotel photographer Kadir Mumcu (My Fellow Citizens) are good people. They were very interested in us. We took some really good quality photos and had a great time. I really recommend :) 72. Yorum: All the one star reviews are just because the food is not what you expect but it will do you good for up to a week. In the photos of the hall, the fruits you might receive will be displayed, but otherwise it is a late buffet up stairs, open from 12:00 to 7:00 am, located at the back of the hall, the best facilities in all of Europe! However, any water slide with an age requirement of 3-15 is more likely to be rated 3-11. Important note food: breakfast from 7am to 11am and lunch from 1pm to 2:30pm and dinner from 6:30pm to 9pm and everything else is a surprise! 73. Yorum: I stayed there for 3 nights from May 31st. The weather was amazing. Excellent hotel, very friendly staff with a pleasant attitude, amazing activities for kids with water park and fun rides, perfect for kids ages 8 and up. The evening entertainment was okay but not great, could do better. The location is good, it is close to the crossroads and markets. 74. Yorum: I had 10 days of vacation. I really enjoyed it for 10 days. The food in the open buffet style is very diverse and of high quality. However, meals between meals can be a little more varied. The swimming area where the water park is located is a bit far from the other swimming area. This can make it difficult to access food during snack times. The cleaning staff is extremely efficient. 75. Yorum: We have been here for two days, I read a lot of comments before coming and saw that most of them were exaggerated and useless. First of all, our precious worker brothers who serve do their job well until the end, they bring the requested orders. during the meal in a very short time. First of all I want to thank them, however, the hotel is very clean, the food is very good, the pool is sparkling clean, I don't know what else. to write, we were very satisfied with the result, thank you, cordially 76. Yorum: I'm still at the hotel now, everything's fine, but it looks like if you missed the military meal time, you're screwed... I was at the restaurant at 8:56pm, but everything was taken away... People are bound to get nervous, thank goodness the waiters understand and try to help, but the system is ridiculous. There is a solution to this. Thanks to Mr. Fuat, he was very understanding and friendly, he fed my hungry stomach :/ 77. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is attentive, it is a comfortable and clean hotel. The only problem is that the food was not delicious and the activities were few. But its staff, garden and swimming pool are very pleasant. 78. Yorum: We were there from August 12. until 19.08. at the Royal Wings Hotel and had a great stay. The hotel is only 15-20 minutes from the airport. As soon as we entered, we were impressed by the atmosphere and received a very friendly welcome. Our first room was a spacious superior room with a partial sea view, but the air conditioning vents directly under our balcony were annoying. After speaking to reception we were given a new room with a full sea view without any problems - simply fantastic! The food was varied and delicious, even our picky daughter always found something. We were particularly excited about the large dessert buffet. The pool is huge and clean, the snacks are delicious, especially the pizza. The entertainers and all the staff, from the restaurant to the reception, were always friendly and helpful. Our daughter loved the Royal Kings Club and the mini disco in the evening. The beach is beautiful and we had some fantastic photos taken by Kadir Mumcu as a souvenir. He is a very talented and friendly photographer who we can absolutely recommend. We particularly recommend this hotel to families with children who are looking for a relaxing holiday. Well done to the whole team! 79. Yorum: This was our second stay at the Royal Wings Hotel. This is NOT a 5 star hotel, we noticed this especially on the second visit. The hotel was extremely full, mostly Arabs and Iranians. It was incredibly noisy everywhere, both in the restaurant and in the room (lots of kids screaming and stomping around) as our flight home didn't leave until late yesterday evening we wanted to book a day room to enjoy the last day. which we were refused, supposedly because they were full. It was a blatant lie, we had good contacts with 2 employees, there were actually 40 rooms available. They didn't want to give it to us because there weren't enough cleaners who would then have to clean again. The reception staff were very unfriendly, they forgot how to laugh... In fact, a receptionist told me: If you give me 1 KG of apples, I can give you a room. 👀, questionable and shameless, scandalous to treat guests like this ‼️ The staff needs to be replaced urgently; we have witnessed very ugly and unpleasant situations there. The restaurant staff were very nice, tried their best and worked hard, but unfortunately completely understaffed, just not enough staff for that mass of people. We will not return to this hotel, there are much more refined hotels, the Delphin Palast, Chrisal or others on the same street. We paid almost €6000 for 2 people for 2 weeks, but expect something different... 80. Yorum: The hotel itself is quite modern, everything in the room is pretty good. The cleaning sucks, although there is a sensor on the door to tell them to clean it, they don't clean it every day. The pools are ok, the … 81. Yorum: Have a nice holiday. Good food, friendly people, comfortable beds, good hygiene. The only downside is the slippery tiles around the pool and a big downside is the aggressiveness of the service providers of… 82. Yorum: It is also one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The service is really nice and wants to help and the whole hotel is really clean. I have never seen such a clean hotel! The animation and the animations are also very nice. Especially the animation team. 83. Comment: HAUT..!!!! One of the best hotels, with a superb swimming pool without equal... where you will immediately feel at home. Also worth mentioning is a superb water slide park, somewhat separate from the pool. To highlight - the STAFF - who were extremely friendly and attentive.!!!! The choice of food was always plentiful and there was nothing to complain about in terms of taste. The room was nice and very clean. Minor drawback - The beach is made up of small stones, where you sink deep, especially in the water area, and which also descends quite quickly... which hinders walking on the beach. Although it has a very good beach bar, a small bar on the pier would not be the worst idea!! We will definitely come back to this hotel!!! 84. Yorum: Hotel: looks very nice, nice architecture and interior Children's entertainment: most of the children's entertainers were native Russian speakers, barely able to understand or speak English, except for the lady who seemed to be the head of the children's entertainment team. Low involvement in children's activities. It looks like the entertainment team runs their own business inside the hotel selling t-shirts. They sell t-shirts for children to paint for 15 euros. Every night at the kids' disco, the host asks all the kids to line up on stage and ONLY the kids who bought the t-shorts were invited to speak on the microphone and get a diploma. All other children are completely ignored. Some of them started crying because they were not invited to speak at the microphone and did not get a diploma like the others. This prompted parents to buy the €15 t-shirt, otherwise their children might feel left out. 50% of the children's disco program consisted of children's entertainment and 50% of T-short festivities. Entertainment: It was entertainment around the main pool. In other hotels I saw animation teams asking people to participate in animation games. Here I did not see this implication. The entertainment team used to go to the tourist's house just to ask him if he wanted to buy a t-short with the hotel's name and his name on it. Evening show: nice but not impressive. The Turkish night was played with a dance group of teenagers, looking very anxious to be on stage. Rooms: spacious, but with very thin walls. I could hear the TV, voices and the alarm clock from the next room at 6:00 every morning. Cleaning: poor. The cleaning was done late in the afternoon around 2:00 p.m., when the children were sleeping. I set Do Not Disturb to allow my children to sleep in the afternoon. One day I woke up to the sound of the cleaning crew knocking on every door asking if they wanted to clean. After 3:00 p.m., I asked them to clean the room. They firmly refused, saying it did not fit into their schedule. For this reason, our room was only cleaned twice a week. The second time was a day before we left and the trash was left in the room (see photo below). Even every morning I put the sign on the door saying "Please clean the room", it has not been cleaned. Service: Minibar was included every day. On the last day of our stay it was not filled. My kids asked for drinks and there were none. Restaurant: the cuisine is tasty and varied. The service at the restaurant is very good. Lunch was served late, at 1:00 p.m. Children stay at the sea or swimming pool until noon at the latest. The kids' club was open until 12:30. Nothing to do with children between 12:30 and 1:00 p.m. - too short a time to get into the room and come back for lunch. Water park: excellent Considering the above, if you are a family with children, I would recommend you to think about other hotel alternatives. 85. Yorum: I was there with my colleagues and my family. There were plenty of options for both children and adults. The food was good and there was plenty of choice. The service staff were very attentive and friendly, especially Muhamed Ali at the evening restaurant and Ibrahim at the beach restaurant were very friendly and helpful staff. I can recommend this hotel to everyone. I will come back. 86. Yorum: Hello, I wanted to share my opinion about this hotel. First of all I have to say that this hotel is not at the level of a 5 star hotel. When we entered, no one came to greet us and carry our luggage, so we … 87. Yorum: Here is a review My new wife and I had the pleasure of spending our honeymoon at the Royal Wings Hotel in August 2024. We decided to spend seven days at this renowned hotel to enjoy a mix of relaxation and luxury by the sea. As this was a very special trip for us, we had high expectations and were eager to see how well the hotel would live up to them. From the first impression I was extremely positively surprised. I was immediately impressed with the hotel and felt very welcomed by the friendly and attentive staff from the first moment. As there were a lot of people at the pool, we were able to enjoy the beach to ourselves. POINTS OF CRITICISM Despite the many positive aspects, there are some areas where the Royal Wings Hotel did not quite meet our expectations. A few things that particularly stood out to us during our stay: - The internet was often slow and unstable, which was particularly annoying when we were trying to stay in touch with family and friends. - We were promised an exclusive treatment for two at the spa, but unfortunately this was not always respected. Only during the last massage were we alone, while during other treatments we had to share the room with other clients. - The hammam experience was particularly disappointing, as we had expected it to be a relaxing experience, but had to share it with eight other people. - Although the food presentation was varied, most of the dishes tasted similar, except for the Turkish night, which was truly remarkable. - We also experienced longer waiting times on several occasions and felt that the staff did not always pay enough attention to this. - Unfortunately, the elevators were not designed to accommodate the large number of customers, which often resulted in long waiting times and reduced comfort. Advice to the owner - Set up a self-service refrigerator for drinks to avoid long waiting times, as currently one employee serves the drinks as well as cleaning and preparing the tables for new guests. - Deploy more staff to central and important locations. - Install a router on each floor and provide separate Internet connections for the bar and the beach. Finally, I would like to point out that our comments are made with the aim of further improving the already positive overall impression of the hotel. We hope that these suggestions will be taken seriously and will help to optimize the customer experience. We thank you for your attention and wish the Royal Wings Hotel continued success. 88. Yorum: Nice hotel with some drawbacks. The rooms are very nice but also extremely noisy. The rooms were cleaned daily and the towels were new. The swimming pool is huge. The food is good but it's the same every day, even with the theme nights. The servers are not the fastest with a few exceptions. The photographers are very annoying at the hotel and just want to rip you off!!! But overall it's a nice 89 hotel. Yorum: I'm having a great time at the hotel, which I arrived at with some apprehension, to be honest. 4. I have nothing to criticize today. Cleaning, food, events, staff, everything is perfect, I'm happy to be... 90. Yorum: Can stay a week with 10 people. What a wonderful experience. The transfer from the airport with a private bus was great. Check-in in the impressive lobby went smoothly and suitcases were quickly transported to the rooms. We had a two story family room connected by stairs. Each floor has private bathrooms, a shower and a minibar that is restocked daily. The housekeeping was perfect, the towels large, clean and friendly. The food for breakfast and dinner was very varied, hot and with table service for drinks. A beautiful spacious swimming pool with slides and plenty of sun loungers was fantastic. Being served on skates in front of your bed was a surprise. You could drink (soft drinks, beer, 25 types of cocktails, mixes) and snack at any time of the day. GOOD. The gym was basic but functional. Ideal for maintaining your shape. Towels were available as well as bottled water. Excellent service, excellent WiFi, excellent choice 91. Yorum: Everything was fine. The place is very child-centered. The staff are friendly and helpful. I would especially like to highlight the workers of the aquatic department, they pay a lot of attention to children, they were always playing pranks, which made the children even more excited. The food was good, a great choice of dishes, good quality. We were completely satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel. We are happy to recommend this hotel. We hope to see you next season! (We were with a 5 year old child.) 92. Yorum: I went from July 14 to 25 with my husband, my son and his partner, their 6-year-old daughter and their 1-year-old son. The reception is huge and the staff working there are always helpful and smiling. Wide choice of food in the restaurant, as well as a good choice of food in the various locations in the hotel's huge grounds. Outside the hotel you will find a large number of shops selling everything you need and more. We had 2 rooms next to each other on the 1st floor. Everything was amazing - the rooms are huge with full air conditioning, a large balcony and fantastic views. Housekeeping service - and fridge restocked daily with a range of soft drinks and even beers. Disadvantage: the walls of the rooms have to be made of cardboard, you can hear the neighbors talking, flushing the toilet, etc., which is a very big privacy problem. Also, it's not good if guests are trying to get babies to sleep or want to sleep in. There are plenty of elevators if you can't use the stairs. Large comfortable seating areas in the lobby with plenty of sofas, tables and chairs. As for the gardens, WOW! The pool is huge and surrounds a huge area, cute little bridges to cross to see the whole area. There is also a wide selection of water slides. Plus, too many sun loungers to count and a pool bar that also serves snacks. The Amphitheatre offers endless seating and brilliant shows every night. There is also a funfair with rides for adults and children. The only downside is the small play area, which requires more activity equipment for toddlers and young children. Not enough to entertain them there and it was apparently closed in the evenings. I highly recommend it. Many thanks to all the staff who helped make our stay so enjoyable. 93. Yorum: We were lucky enough to choose a vacation at Turkish Royal Wings Hotel in April 2024. The hotel is very beautiful, the grounds are well maintained, all the staff are always friendly. Large space, swimming pools of different sizes… 94. Yorum: Never let yourself be convinced to book a photoshoot at this hotel. There is a photo shop in the hotel with an arrogant man who keeps pushing to do a family photoshoot. He spent 45 minutes taking pictures and then he asks you to pay €600 “because yes, good quality pictures”. Fuck you, they're just scammers, it doesn't affect the price, there's nothing you can do with this guy. You have to go around it in a wide arc. He can give my "good quality" photos to his wife byeeee 95. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel with our child and mother for 6 days. It is a beautiful and large installation. Overall we liked it, but the resort has nothing to offer Turkish guests. If you want Turkish entertainment, you should not go to this hotel. The hotel only caters to foreign tourists, which is fine, but Turkish tourists are completely forgotten. No Turkish music, no animation that one associates with Türkiye. There was only one live music event, of course not Turkish. The DJ who performed twice during the 6 days also played mainly international music. (After our complaint, I think he played 2-3 songs in Turkish :)) Our mothers were quite disappointed, but so were we. I think if you travel to Turkey and stay in a hotel, Turkish culture should be at the forefront. We have also mentioned this several times, but they have their system there for foreign tourists. 96. Yorum: We are currently staying at the hotel for vacation. We were so happy I don't know where to start. The staff are very attentive and friendly, the hotel is very clean, the rooms are great, the food is delicious, the drinks are plentiful. Even though the hotel is full, it doesn't feel crowded anywhere. There is a swimming pool everywhere, lots of activities for children, amusement park in the evening, cinema, live music for adults... This meets our expectations. 97. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel between April 6th and 12th. We were generally very satisfied with the hotel, especially the variety and taste of the food was quite good compared to all-inclusive concept hotels. I can't say that they offer the same standard in terms of drinks, there is a serious difference in quality between the cocktails prepared in the lobby and the cocktails prepared at the pool bar. Most of the staff don't use shakers for the cocktails we make outside the main building, they don't even mix the glasses by looking at them. The cocktails made in the lobby are of better quality, I think the staff should be trained on this issue. Another negative is that not all cocktails can be made at the beach side bar. People have to go from the beach to the pool bar to drink whatever drinks they want. Those affected must find a solution to this problem. In addition, the drinks served on the beach side are served in paper cups, which considerably reduces their quality. The hotel's landscaping is quite successful, they tried to offer everything to their guests in a narrow space and they succeeded. We would like to come back during the season. We would like to thank the friendly staff of the hotel, they are very helpful and dedicated. 98. Yorum: I start with the rooms, my 8 year old son stayed in the toilet because the door was broken, the carpets were very dirty, you could hear people in the next room talking, unfortunately the rooms are very noisy, this is the second time I have been there, we were not satisfied, everything was cut off in every way, there is no air conditioning, work and tiles were cut all day, baustelle Officially, customer satisfaction is gone. Employees are number 1, their noses are in it. l'air. 99. Yorum: Beautiful aquamarine for young and old. Various food and beverage outlets open 24 hours a day. Very wide variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner. Friendly staff and knows their customers after 2 days. Highly recommended There is also a wide range of 100 excursion options. Yorum: A large 10-story hotel. The rooms were quite large and pleasant, including a bathroom and a large shower. Huge swimming pool, plenty of sun loungers, towel service. Many bars with perfect service, many entertainment options during the day and in the evening. Excellent gastronomic offer, both in the main restaurant and in the bars around the pool, I appreciate the afternoon fruit buffet. I am quite a critical person, but I found absolutely nothing to complain about in this hotel, we will definitely return with pleasure. 101. Yorum: We spent four nights in April, during the Ramadan holidays, with two adults and two children. The rooms were clean, they were cleaned daily and the mini bar contents were checked and replenished. I just didn't like the carpet in the room, it doesn't seem hygienic at all in public areas. It would have been better if there was no carpet. The main restaurant, the many snack sections in the garden, everything was great. Some areas were not yet open. I can say that we did not feel their absence either. The location is beautiful, we were able to swim in the sea even though it was April. The pools were colder, the heated outdoor pool was quite busy. There were no problems with the staff, everyone was doing their job. It was a hotel I would like to go to in the summer. 102. Yorum: I loved the experience. I was a paradise. definitely a 10/10. I stayed in the pool everyday with my family and the food was amazing. If you come here, I will recommend you to go to Lara beach and … 103. Yorum: We were at Royal Wings from April 8th to 12th. My overall opinion of this hotel is good. I will write it down and categorize it so that it can serve as a guide for those who want to come. Location: 20-25 minutes from the airport for those arriving by plane. All the hotels are located on the street, easy to find for those who come by car. Parking and valet service are available. There are small branches of large supermarket chains nearby where you can meet your needs. Rooms: Generally clean and large. The rooms with partial sea view face the neighboring hotel, the noise from the fans in the hotel is disturbing. The insulation is not good. You can even hear conversations in the next room. I think the rooms with land and sea view are partly better. Food and Drinks: The variety and taste of food is very good. Especially the grill part is very successful. If you go during a crowded time, there is a queuing problem like in all hotels. The alcohol part is a total disappointment. I was very surprised by the quality of the drinks in a hotel that paid so much money. The hotels I stayed in were much cheaper and served much better quality drinks. If the quality of drinks is important to you when choosing a hotel, you definitely should not choose this place. Beach-Pool: The beach is quite beautiful. It is made of fine sand. The sea is beautiful, but it was a bit cold because I went in April. The huge swimming pool in front of the hotel is very clean and beautiful. As it was still April, it was very cold. It will be better in summer. There is a heated swimming pool in the Aquapark section. The water park is beautiful and big. I can say it is good for children and adults. Animations: Honestly, the animations are average. I can't say it's very good, but it's not too bad either. The entertainment team is also average. Live music attracts foreign tourists. Of course, it may be different in summer. Overall it was a stay I was happy with. I removed 1 star because of the quality of the drink, which is important to me. If those going as a couple are looking for good drinks and fun, I recommend looking at different alternatives. I can say that this is an ideal hotel for families with children. 104. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay with two families of 4. We stayed in duplex rooms, which have two proper beds downstairs and no sofa beds! The food was for all tastes, varied theme, … 105. Yorum: The hotel was really horrible, we regretted the money we paid! The food is so disgusting it can't even be eaten, they literally hired a cleaner to make the cocktails. Cocktails are so disgusting and you call them bartenders??? Above all, the employees are at the service of others, they do not come to the Turks, no one brings drinks, there is no music and the swimming pool is a very bad hotel. 106. Yorum: The main restaurant is very large and comfortable. The food buffets are well designed. The taste of the food was very good. It was above our expectations both in variety and taste. We celebrated… 107. Yorum: There is a lot of room for improvement, the service is also not the best, because many people simply do not speak German or even English😅 You order "Soda Citrus" and you only get soda, or you order "Two Cokes" and you get a Coke😬 Here are some examples: Sometimes the WiFi is very bad or works very slowly. Sometimes the WiFi settings say “Connected, no internet” and nothing works at all. The food at the buffet as well as the ice cream flavors should be better written in German, yes I can speak English but it should be better done for German customers. Also, the food stalls outside the pool should be open longer! At the pizza stand outside, there is one more employee because it is too slow compared to the other stands. In the cupboard where the refrigerator is located, there is water that keeps accumulating. (Someone should take a look at it, otherwise the box could get water damaged) The cabinet where the fridge is located can't be closed completely, but I don't think that's really a problem. The door frame is completely torn off from the outside at the bottom left or the wall is damaged and needs to be examined and possibly repaired. Right when you enter the door there is a hold on the bottom left, it is very loose and you can almost pull it out. (I noticed this immediately upon arrival and inserted something again), should also be examined and possibly repaired. Also, the bathroom/toilet door in the bedroom is very, very difficult to re-lock (if you lock it from the inside and then want to unlock it again, it's extremely fiddly and requires a lot of force), when you close the door normally, it sometimes gets stuck somehow, so it doesn't really slide open smoothly. Also needs to be examined and possibly repaired. The main switch or current sensor is a little loose, someone should take a look. Another suggestion for improvement would be to put very large ice cubes or blocks of ice in the pool to make it a little cooler, as it is already very hot. Check out this TikTok, they did it (it's a hotel): Maybe the guests will enjoy it :) The woman at the dive stand is very friendly and helpful and also speaks German very well, very good👍 108. Yorum: Great hotel, everything was very clean, good food with a wide choice at almost all times, not just morning, lunch and evening. |Very nice and friendly staff if you have any questions and ask for help… 109. Yorum: My experience at this hotel was horrible. I will start by pointing out that the rooms and surrounding areas are not cleaned properly. It is difficult to find a trash can around the swimming pools to throw your waste in. I drank from a glass and after "cleaning" the room I found the glass identical, with lipstick on it as I had used it before and dried juice inside, while the cleaning ladies put it with the bucket. he pretends to have washed it. My little ones have stained the sheets with orange juice several times, so I hit the "Clean My Room" button to have the room cleaned while we spent our day at the pool. To our surprise, when we got to our room, the beds were apparently made, but when I pulled back the duvet, the stains were there: the flat sheets had not been changed. The towels in the bathroom were stained, while those given to the pool smelled bad. Not to mention we even went to the SPA for a Balinese massage and I noticed my towel was torn and had holes :))) The carpet in the room was stained and dirty. As for the food, almost every day the same menu and you had to queue for the staff to refill the food containers. The service was also poor, we sometimes had to go and get the cutlery ourselves as it was not put on the tables, not to mention the chairs were greasy and had crumbs on them and the staff didn't bother to clean them for the next people. take their meals. This was the most disgusting part!!! Royal Wings Antalya has many swimming pools inside its complex, but no lifeguard. None! Overall, my husband tried to talk to the hotel manager who was absolutely rude and suggested that we go to another hotel if the services offered did not meet our expectations. The fact is that we paid for the whole family (5 people) an ultra all-inclusive service, which Royal Wings Antalya did not even summarize in anything that defines this concept. 110. Yorum: Over 30 times I was asked to purchase products from the entertainment team, masseurs, parrot photos and photographers during my 11 nights with my partner and daughter, make your staff understand that the word "No thanks" means leave and let me enjoy my holiday without pestering me every half hour. 16 power cuts and it was mainly during dinner and never an apology from anyone, same food and lack of choice and unfriendly staff! The way you are treated if you don't tip anyone is horrible! Second time for me in this hotel but I will never go back! Turkey has changed as a whole, everything is Money Money Money!!! From the moment of check-in until the end of our vacation, I was disappointed. The management of this hotel should read some reviews and start making changes. The 2 brothers who own these hotels should also take note! 111. Yorum: The hotel is designed for families and offers plenty of entertainment, a large water park and several rides.||We personally found the hotel's food a little bland for our taste, but after more than 30 years of vacationing … 112. Yorum: Great hotel with everything the word means. We had 5 days full of activities, food, drinks and even the kids had so much fun through nightly theatre shows, movie nights and late night parties. They even have a children's restaurant. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Keep it up at the Royal Wings 113 Hotel. Yorum: We were invited to the resort last week. A great experience to travel abroad for the first time. We found the hotel and service to be excellent. Inexhaustible and abundant food. Swimming in the sea from sunrise to sunset. The day of arrival and departure was also perfect, we were only able to enter the room around 2pm but we already had the opportunity to discover the whole area. On departure, departure before 12 noon. We were picked up around 6:30pm and were able to use everything to help us out. The service and staff were also super nice. I almost reached my limit with my English but they are so patient with you. Then we communicated with our hands and feet and that worked too. Overall we would still be happy to recommend this hotel and would be happy to return... 114. Yorum: A very nice hotel. Service, beauty, food, etc. I liked it very much, right next to the sea. The swimming pool is very big and beautiful. The indoor pool is also very nice. I mean, it's literally very clean, very big, the food is very good, it's absolutely amazing, you should go there. 115. Yorum: We found the hotel very good, the staff at the reception and at the buffet were great. What we cannot recommend at all is the spa area, especially the lady behind the counter where you have to pay, we have rarely seen such an unpleasant person!!! Also the men outside the pool, at first very insistent and friendly, but as soon as you book massages they become hostile and don't even say hello. Huge disappointment! 116. Yorum: Great, lots of choice in food and very good quality. Several swimming pools, everything is super well maintained. There is a water park and an amusement park in front of the hotel and several swimming pools and restaurants behind the hotel. Also very nice service 117. Yorum: I've been waiting for them to call me for a reservation for 3 days, they told me they would call me to see if there was a room available on the date I wanted, and I called several times, God knows. How are other departments doing when yet another hotel reservation is in this state? 118. Yorum: My family and I (2 adults and a 2 year old) spent a week there in May and what can I say, it was simply amazing. First of all, the room with a view, magnificent. We thought from other reports that we would hear everything, but that was not the case at all (maybe there are no neighbors at the moment). The cleaning staff was very kind and accommodating. On our first dinner in the main restaurant we were overwhelmed by the large selection of very good dishes. Personally, I thought it was great that it wasn't so spicy for me and my daughter. Some would have complained, but I think they have their own spice stand that you can add yourself. Then the next day, some dishes are transformed into cold starters. I also think it's good that you don't always have to throw everything away. The waiters, well where to start, very very nice, especially our daughter was treated so nicely but also us (for our daughter they took a moment to joke with her/drink almost empty while eating). drink and ask questions This can still happen so what to say top top top I never knew the pool waiters of course for our daughter it was pure heaven eating delicious fruit all day and people having fun with her. We must also congratulate the entertainment team, every day from 10am, there is always something planned (darts, billiards, volleyball, boccha, etc. Here too, everyone was very, very nice, they always came to us and what). made me happy. What was particularly shocking was that they always remembered everyone and knew who was who with so many guests, remarkable. I wish I could call everyone by name but I don't need to because everyone is awesome. Even seeing someone in a bad mood at the shows, I was amazed by everything they organized. The water park is very cool. Unfortunately, our daughter and I couldn't do a single slide together, but next time we will when she is older. And the Lunapark is also very nice. And finally the cats. Since we have cats ourselves, it was all the more pleasant for our daughter to see so many cats and if anyone read the not so nice review about the cats, I don't know the story about that, but you never saw anyone grooming the cats. Unfortunately, on the contrary, they were petted in one round and allowed to do everything. So I can only say that it is cat friendly 😉 There would be so much more to write but it would be too much 😉 As you can see, there is not a single negative point for us. Everyone who still comes here has a wonderful holiday. 119. Yorum: Delicious! I've been there before, just now with my parents, my brothers and my 12-year-old daughter. Delicious food, great room and I can recommend the diving to anyone with children. You can also try, some … 120. Yorum: Hello, we were at the Royal Wings Hotel in the Lara district of Antalya. We had a great time, especially the kids club had interesting programs for Ozge's sister. behaved very well. She was very kind to children. We loved Liana very much... 121. Yorum: The food is poor quality, same everyday The notion of Ultra All Inclusive is very exaggerated, anything extra/premium is charged extra Cleanliness left a lot to be desired, I contacted Ms. Manager and she behaved in a totally inappropriate and impertinent manner, totally incompatible with the job description. The appropriate rating is "minus one star". 122. Yorum: The hotel is generally very good in terms of price and comfort. But there is a problem of smiling and negligence among employees. The given order is forgotten and must be repeated 4.5 times. The outdoor pool is very cold this season. The ceiling of the indoor pool is very low. Dangerous for someone with a phobia of small spaces. There are jellyfish in the sea. I saw 3 jellyfish on the first day alone. The hotel is not very big, but it is ideal. 123. Yorum: This is really a great hotel, we will come back next year. The staff is super friendly, especially the children's area animator is so kind and hardworking that our daughter still talks about her. The rooms and food were also a dream. The only thing that was a bit annoying was the loud music at the events. 124. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel in mid-May and for the first time in Türkiye for 10 days in total. The resort itself is beautiful from the outside, can't complain about that. But the staff working there don't work at all. We were harassed a lot the first day by photographers, massage/wellness vendors, etc. Unfortunately we couldn't really relax and sometimes had to take a different route, for example to where the "sellers" were because you were constantly being asked to reserve/buy something. At the mini-club, the ladies invite the children to paint t-shirts, for example. As soon as our child chose the shirt they said it costs money, it's really sad. Even at the end, while we were waiting for the bus to leave, the concierge asked us if we had any spare change, how cheeky! The food was ok but it was constantly repeated and some of the meat was undercooked (you really have to be careful as a chef, it can go wrong so if you want to go on holiday to Turkey you really have to be careful). because it's all about money that can be withdrawn. Never vacation in this country again. 125. Yorum: I was very satisfied with my stay at this place. The room is very comfortable and clean. Very friendly staff and attentive to our needs. The food and drinks were plentiful and of high quality. Charming place, very well appointed. I won't cut any stars, but I have to make this point: there's still some work to be done on Entertainment 126. Yorum: as always, a PERFECT holiday, compliments to CAN Ibrahim and Serkan Yanmaz who brought prestige to the Royal Wings Hotel by making the hospitality of the Turkish people excellent.|We will return in October (also because of my two nephews who are enthusiastic). 127. Yorum: The food is a disgrace, we couldn't eat anything but fast food, it looks and tastes disgusting, we don't know what the starters are, it's not written, my 4 days of vacation continue, I really regret coming here, the only good thing is the rooms. 128. Yorum: What a wonderful hotel. Were all inclusive. Good facilities and nice, friendly staff. Beautiful swimming pools with plenty of sun loungers. Upon arrival you will be given towel passes for the lounge chair and when you are done with whatever you wanted to do you hand your towel back and collect your passes. So clean towels every morning The hotel is located very close to the beach with excellent facilities. Toilets everywhere, also suitable for disabled people. Like all amenities. Palm trees and wonderful weather, what more could you ask for? There are a few shops in the hotel where you can also pay in euros. There is also a sauna with massage. Delicious. 129. Yorum: All around a big hotel. Very well maintained establishment, large choice of dishes, attentive service staff. We have rarely experienced such clean toilets by the pool. Generally the area is kept clean throughout and constantly throughout the day. The hotel offers a great swimming course for children. Mrs. Ural and the swimming/diving instructors do an excellent job and teach the children to swim or dive with great sensitivity. 130. Yorum: The service and efforts of the management were excellent. We were treated very individually. Courteous and helpful service staff (waiters, housekeepers and cooks). We really enjoyed being there and had a great holiday in March. 131. Yorum: Very nice hotel with excellent location. A large complex next to the hotel and many possibilities for children. The rooms are a little smaller, but they are sufficient for a vacation. A very big drawback is the bar staff, who are reluctant and do not even notice the children!!! It's stupid for me to go to a dzus bar with my child every time because the staff ignores him. 132. Yorum: In this hotel the concept of ultra all inclusive is lost! The staff is very rude and doesn't know how to smile. The food at the buffet is bland and every day the same (we spent 7 days here, but they try to trick you with some new dishes like Mexican or Italian night which are also bland). For a la carte restaurants, you must pay a supplement of €20/person aged 6 and over. The spirits are of poor quality and for the and they only have one kind of beer (in a 5* hotel 🙈🙈🙈🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣) also one evening at the dinner of the main restaurant, an hour after it opened, we did I can't find any more mussels (they are so unprofessional, by the book, the buffet must be filled with all the products within 15 minutes before the end!). Wi-Fi speed and coverage is almost zero... I won't be coming back here, that's for sure! 133. Yorum: The service and food have deteriorated considerably. The animation team is arrogant and seems disinterested. The Mini Club is great and the 4 ladies do a great job. The facilities and hotel are good, as is the location of the hotel. 134. Yorum: We have been to this hotel twice, this time we chose the end of April and we will check out tomorrow. There are two things I don't like because of the cleanliness of the hotel food and the staff. is that foreigners don't like to serve Turks because they tip in euros, and the other is that the water in the swimming pools is extremely COLD, which I am the most victim of. Even the water is better this season. We come here for the season. the pool and the food. After all, I would understand how cold it would be if it was summer, but the fact that there was so much cold water in April and May made me sad. Even the tourists around us who were entering the water couldn't. I stop and get out of the water. I didn't find it pleasant. 135. Yorum: This was our favorite hotel for the last week of vacation. The location, design and rooms were good. The food was delicious, the kitchen staff immediately responded to our additional requests, only the variety was a bit low. The rooms were clean and housekeeping was helpful in every way, the only thing I would criticize is that of the hotels I have stayed in so far, only this hotel does not provide toothbrushes in the rooms. It was provided and given because we insisted on getting it, but was it necessary to ask for it? Shouldn't it have been placed anyway? I couldn't help but think. As a result, we got the service we wanted and left the hotel satisfied. The mini club was incredibly good, my little girl left very happy and had a great time. 136. Yorum: I would never stay at this hotel again. The food is always the same. The staff are mostly unfriendly, although there are a few people who were genuinely friendly and nice. Kinderklub, very, very bad. If there was a 0 that's how I would rate it, they literally persuade kids to participate in every paid activity. Extortion of money. Shame! 137. Yorum: A great hotel with excellent service and delicious food. We never lacked anything. 138. Yorum: A wonderful hotel with excellent food and friendly staff. It enjoys a perfect location. The outdoor and indoor pools are very large. The food and desserts are incredibly delicious. To such …