1. Yorum: I recently spent a few days at the modern Saraylar Luxury Hotel in Alanya and would like to share my experience.||Food:|The food was mostly cold and left a lot to be desired. The selection was limited and the quality of the food was not as expected... 2. Comment: The hotel was generally good, but there were some flaws. For example, the in-room bar was not always stocked and was not cleaned well. I wish it could be done without me having to deal with things like this, I'm sure they would help me right away, but like I said. these are things that normally need to be done without asking. The food was really delicious, but I can't say the same about the desserts. A lot of attention was paid to the appearance of the desserts, but once you taste them, you don't want to buy another piece. We tried every dessert, thinking maybe one of them would be delicious, but unfortunately it wasn't. I was also hoping for a pastry section, but that was also a disappointment. We ended up having to buy a chocolate snack from Migros, it was so bad. The pool was very cold, we reported the situation and they immediately heated it, it was really good that the problems were solved quickly. I would like to thank Ms. Rüzgar very much. There was black moss-like stuff on the floor of the steam room, I wish a little more attention had been paid to these details. Ms. İnci in the massage department was amazing. The comfort I felt after the massage can't be described, you feel like you're in cotton, I'm glad I did it, it was truly legendary! Finally, when I bought something for breakfast, we found cat hair on the cheese. It would be much better if a little more attention was paid to such details. The staff were very nice and friendly and they did their job very honestly. I would like to thank them very much. 3. Yorum: The first night we stayed in a hotel, we couldn't sleep at all because of our completely disrespectful apartment next door and had to change rooms. Our new room was on the first floor and it was dark. The lady who showed us to the room gave us the room with the tone "You'll still use it before going to bed, even if you don't have a clear view." We were not satisfied with the cleanliness of the room. There were huge yellow stains on the towels. We were really upset. There was also an unpleasant smell coming from the sink and the hair dryer was not working. They also forgot the minibar because it was empty. I don't know if they are aware, but there is an unpleasant smell in the corridors leading to the first floor. It was our first experience, but the hotel was terrible, especially in terms of cleanliness. Another negative thing I would say is the beach. removed services. We piled up like a village car and drove off. A few times people stopped and there was less tension. In our opinion, the best thing about the hotel was its food. The chefs who served were very polite people and the taste of the food was very good. I don't think we will choose it again. 4. Yorum: We lived as a family between 1. a 6. September I don't normally write comments, but people spend tons of money on vacation, I want to help a little. Positive aspects; The rooms are spacious and comfortable, housekeeping is good, we stayed in the family room and were very comfortable. The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, there is something you can eat all day and even at night Anyone who says they were hungry in this hotel is lying, the staff is friendly, I could get an answer I wanted anyone I asked, the pools are useful, everyone can spend time in the pool when they want, me and my son did not leave the aqua pool, we enjoyed it a lot my son liked the pouring bucket, the animation team is made up of very good children, it has like fun or slides. It's a wider and quieter indoor pool with warm water, my kid didn't look in the face but it was a really nice place, the hotel has its own amusement park, carousel with gondola etc. although some are not working. it's a fun place even though the sea area is mixed, there's plenty of food and drink. From what my wife said, the women's side is much better planned and designed, the men's (mixed) side seemed a bit unplanned to me. It is impossible for others to enter anyway, most of the hotel guests are Turkish and European, don't get me wrong, but I prefer this group, it is made up of more respectful and tolerant people, there is no Middle Eastern classic, we. came across the Mithat Körler concert, it was really cool. Negative aspects; It's far from the sea bro, don't go, you can never go there, the hotel lifts vehicles, there is no problem in this regard, there are always vehicles, it takes about ten minutes, the theme park needs an overhaul, some facilities are broken and poorly maintained, this is a very dangerous situation, the management should pay attention to this, the hotel is crowded, especially the chairs in the pool cafe The number is very small, the shade is low, the best place to drink coffee, we are playing grabs, what do you mean if you put more tables there, the pool water is highly chlorinated, don't enter without glasses, is it far from the market place? there is no market nearby, the hotel has its own market, there is no parking outside, it is not a pleasant situation at all, there is construction nearby and the vehicles are covered with dust. Our room was on the pool side, there was no dust, I don't know if dust is created in rooms by the road. It covers the price of the hotel, you can't buy it, aha, it's over, it's gone, enjoy it, I can come again next year, I hope they don't raise the prices. 5. Yorum: THE MOST OBJECTIVE REVIEW ABOUT THE HOTEL!!! -There are many types of food that suit all tastes and are constantly being refreshed. Breakfast is a bit of a problem, just the same pastries all the time. Rather than being the same, they look like they were made a long time ago.. You can find something to eat at any time, you can even have lunch on the beach, which is actually a nice thing... In general, I can say that it is tasty and fresh. We came across Chef Ersin's treats mainly at dinner and they were also great. -Cleaning is not a problem, the towel service is very good, but some towels were dirty, we used our own towels and the staff who cleaned the rooms were dedicated. - Evening entertainment was nice too - My lifeguard friend from Adana on the communal beach does his job very well while the people in the pool don't look up from their phones to get messages from the pool. -The staff are generally good. But I think some of them have serious problems. Especially the person working at the Ülker confectionery... My family and I sat down, we thought we should buy something from the sweet shop, so I went to buy something on their behalf. Every time you place an order the guy standing there has a weird look on his face like he's saying take this and go and it's very obvious. I ordered 3-4 pieces of something if you want someone from your family should come and buy the rest act like I eat it all myself if I want I can eat it myself. Anyway, I think I was able to explain my problem. - It's good to have it in cafes everywhere - My least favorite part of the hotel is the beach, unfortunately you can only get to it by car, there is also a shuttle service, but we didn't choose here. The beach is small and suddenly deepens. There is absolutely no emphasis on cleanliness on the beach. There are darts tournaments etc at the pool. nice table tennis table. - The location is actually nice, but there are several constructions around the hotel, which is a bit distracting. -There is a problem with parking - The lobby is very large, spacious and cool. The front desk people are caring In the hotels I've been to before, they wouldn't let me out of the front desk without paying. However, after confirming our reservation here, if you wish, we can go to lunch, the time is approaching, rest, then you can make the payment, etc., and this is well thought out. -You can find water and ayran from the cupboards at any time. -The ice creams were not good at all -The drinks and cocktails at the Pool Cafe were very good -The hotel generally deserves its money 6. Yorum: We left the hotel today and are returning home. It was the first hotel I chose and I was very satisfied. Satisfaction varies from person to person, but in the hotels I've been to, I've felt as comfortable as if I were going to a friend's house. On the very first day, when the children asked me for the room key, they said they would go to the house and come. As soon as we entered the hotel, the lady who welcomed us said let's take you to dinner until your transactions are completed (usually past dinner time), then Mrs. Rüzgar came and introduced us to the hotel. I thank him, after all it was a place we went to for the first time and we felt like strangers, inevitably. The rooms are very large and spacious. Balconies are large. The pools everywhere, the cafes, the staff are amazing. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. I was unable to arrange this holiday through early booking so we booked it with 15 days to spare so I may have paid a bit more than others but it was worth every penny. But yesterday something unpleasant happened. While I was spending time with my wife and children in the shared family pool, a strange man came and loudly asked the lifeguard, "What are women doing here? We came here because it's an Islamic hotel.” I'm sure the other female friends were disturbed as well. Also, my 14 year old daughter was wearing a swimsuit with a skirt, I thought it was very appropriate for the setting, when I walked into the room, a lady said, "You can't walk in here like that." this is an islamic hotel.” My daughter replied as necessary, but of course she got angry. In other words, we weren't angry at the hotel, but at its senseless, inhumane customers. In addition, we were very satisfied with all the services of the hotel staff. Good luck to you. I hope to see you again. 7. Yorum: I will comment in detail about the hotel where we had a vacation for 5 nights and 6 days. First, we went with higher expectations for the price, but there were many things we couldn't find in return. Location: The hotel is quite far from the beach. It is not possible to get to him every day. Due to the location of the hotel, there is a large development around it in the area where housing estates and apartments are located. There is no parking, we had to park in dusty places far from the hotel and the car remained dusty during our stay. Rooms: large and spacious, air conditioning was very good, we had everything we needed. Pool: pools could be bigger. It was very crowded. The children's pool was also used by older children, so guests should be aware of that. Food: There was something to eat almost every hour, the options for snacks and drinks were quite sufficient. The taste of the food was not good, but the bakery was very nice. Hot options for dinner and breakfast were limited. The drinks were nice and the attention to boycott products was nice. Staff: All the staff were very good, very attentive and friendly, especially the young people, the animators worked hard. Your energy was great guys. Activities: There were a lot of activities in the hotel, almost everywhere, it was very nice and fun until late at night. Cleaning: The restaurant and other areas were not dirty, but the daily cleaning of the rooms was insufficient. They do the daily cleaning without touching the toilet and bathroom, even though those should be the first places to be cleaned. Beach: The sea was amazing, no waves and crystal clear, with some sand, pebbles and stones. We admired the sea and spent most of our time here. The beach restaurant had a wide variety of food and drinks. Especially the pita was very nice, we met all our needs without going to the hotel. Concept: An Islamic concept, hasema is mandatory in common areas, but the young girls of guests must also follow this concept. Some clothes don't fit this concept. I advise visitors to be more careful. 8. Yorum: We stayed in the hotel as a family of 5 between 16-21. Since we stayed there before (2022), we decided to come with our relatives this time, but this time we were not as satisfied as the first time. Some of the reasons are as follows: Beach towels were in our rooms, in case we forgot them, we couldn't get the towels to the pool or the sea Given the distance between the hotel and the beach, this was not a small problem. More importantly, on our last days there were no towels placed in our rooms, when I asked the staff they couldn't help me saying they didn't have clean towels either. The second problem was that the sunbeds on the women's beach were always stacked on top of each other, if we wanted to use them, we had to put them up ourselves by the staff. Our rooms were clean but there was a serious cleaning problem in the common areas. In talking with other guests (especially those who came to their senses) we heard that this year's year was behind most other years. Apart from these, we were pleased with the animation team, we liked the food overall, it was very varied, but the desserts, no matter how delicious they looked, were not tasty, probably because of the ingredients used. The number of staff was also quite adequate, especially despite how crowded it was, we got a lot of attention from the Sultan Cafe staff, thank you. In short, we evaluated your establishment for price and performance when we came in 2022, but this year the price was slightly underperforming. 9. Yorum: First of all, I would like to thank all the members of modern palaces hotel for giving me a wonderful and unforgettable vacation experience every day with perfect entertainment and full activities that I don't know where to start. From the first moment I entered the hotel, we were greeted by friendly staff at the door, friends at the reception hosted us on sofas in the lobby and offered refreshments until the necessary procedures were completed, and then the lady in charge told us about the hotel with a smile on her face, which was a sign of what a great time we will have. Our room was a lovely family suite with a 1+1 kitchen and it was able to meet all our needs from washing machine to oven to dishwasher. It has daily room cleaning and towel change, a room that smells clean and hygienic and comfortable beds, it has a very large balcony and a mini bar full of drinks and sweet treats What we liked most about this hotel we stayed for 6 nights and 7 days, is that you have a comfortable vacation All the staff tried to help you. You can enjoy your meals with a lot of culinary specialties, open buffets that appeal to different tastes every day and every meal, and a very large indoor and outdoor restaurant without having to wait in line. Colorful animations every evening, a playground where children can play safely, great live music every evening, refreshments and many other activities. The animation team will definitely not leave you alone :). Your day will be joyful with games and fun by the pool. The beach is approximately 5 minutes and 1.8 km from the hotel by shuttle. The beach is a pristine spot with the taste of a waveless pool, surrounded by breakwaters and a Blue Flag hotel reserved for the Incekum Natural Park. The women's beach has complete privacy. There is a very nice restaurant on the beach that has sandy entrances. For those who want to spend their lunch time on the beach, many snacks, pita bread, flatbread, fruit and many drinks are offered. Services continue every 30 minutes until 6 in the evening. But those who have a vehicle can go there with their own vehicle, we drove every day a distance that took less than 5 minutes with our own vehicle and came back when we wanted And let's go to concerts where many famous artists perform, wonderful concerts offer you a real holiday environment. There are many cafes and game rooms in the hotel. The mosque inside is very nice, you can spend any time you spend as a congregation. And waking up in the morning to the call to prayer is a special beauty. We had a wonderful holiday that cannot be described. I would like to thank all the friends from modern palaces who have contributed. It is a wonderful hotel where conservative families can enjoy a safe and peaceful holiday. 10. Yorum: We made a reservation between 2. a 7. i shine Before that we stayed in another hotel in Antalya. On the 30th of the month we took my 6 year old twins to the hospital complaining of vomiting and diarrhea at night and suspected my son might have appendicitis and they were. they referred to the research hospital From the first moment of the incident we contacted the hotel and explained our situation, we asked to cancel the reservation or postpone it to the same date next year, Ms. Sukran never helped us to open the reservation and we could stay next year with a price difference We explained that we don't have something and that we are in a very difficult situation, but we never had to out of necessity. The day we checked into the hotel after the kids, my wife and I stayed in the room for 3 days with vomiting and diarrhea is not a condition that can be known in advance, he keeps telling me that I need to be notified 1 month in advance We slept in the room as a family with vomiting, diarrhea and fever for 3 days the last 2 days and we were miserable My experience in 2 days is that the animation team is very attentive and doing what they can, but the hotel is not maintained, there are crumbs everywhere, the furniture is very bad Condition last night it was rotten and fell apart. The family part is very small, 50 meters from the sea, but the owners of the hotel need to urgently take care of the hotel. The food is not tasty. By the way, the döner kebab, grills and desserts were very bad. Half of the amusement park rides are not working and not maintained. We never used the pool because we were sick. Thanks to Abiye, the pita maker on the beach, and Kiraz, the gozleme maker at breakfast. 11. Comment: Hello, between 5. 11. a 12. 11. 2024 11 women came to your hotel. First of all, we would like to thank the entire service team, the young people were great. Everyone was smiling and helpful. Since we spend most of our time on the ladies beach, we would like to thank our sisters who work there, the crepe makers and the bar lady and her team. As for the points we were not happy with on the beach, the shower area could have been tidier after getting out of the sea. The prayer space is small and the ground is terrible. We had problems with beach towels. Colored towels were forgotten in the rooms. The food was great, there were many options... The spa team itself was amazing, the staff were very friendly, thank you. My Özleme, you were great too, my dear. See you again God bless you on the 12th. Comment: Mezi 31. August and 3. we had a 3-night vacation in September. Ms. Rüzgar greeted us with a smile at the entrance and led us into the hotel. A handsome man took our things to his room. Our room was large, clean and air-conditioned. Drinks, water and coffee were placed in the fridge especially for us. Our room was very nice. There was a large balcony and there were plenty of hangers and a table and chairs on the balcony. The entrance hall was large and spacious. The mosque is air-conditioned, very cool and spacious. Hot water in the fountain, Turkish toilets and toilets, everything has been thought of. It is very pleasant to enjoy coffee on the sand in the evening. The specialty cocktails are also excellent. There was food and drink everywhere and plenty of variety, non-stop from the morning. The barbecue, especially the red meat, was very tasty (not the turkey) and was available every day. In addition, moms prepared hair boregi, and the oven prepared fresh meat pita, fresh bagels, and fresh pastries. Food and drink was plentiful and varied. Of course the old dishes were returned the next day, but I guess that's normal, isn't it the same at our house? The pools were plentiful and the water was hot and worked with slides. The twins did activities and competitions at the pool every day. However, the water in the children's pool was cold. The children also had fun in the family pool. You can get to the beach by shuttle. But the beach was clean, stone-free and beautiful. I liked the warm water in the showers by the pools the most. Evening entertainment is generally not bad for children. There was also live music for adults, a mega fighting game and a ladies' matinee. I followed the food and drink, they were generally local and national, I really liked it. The ice creams, drinks and food were very nice. All the staff were friendly and helpful. In short, I would like to thank the entire MODERN PALACE FAMILY. 13. Yorum: As a result of my 6-day vacation, I have now returned home. Honestly, I've been waiting for this comment time. First of all, I wanted to mention that my family and I have been riding for 4 years in a row and we really enjoy it. I just looked at the comments again. There are things I want to mention, the housekeeping was very good and honestly I don't understand why they didn't like it. What particularly impressed me this year was customer satisfaction. Everyone was friendly and the staff did their best. As for the food, everything was full of protein, vegetables, carbs, I wonder what people were looking for, I couldn't figure it out. The only problem is that there was a lot of garbage, and it's not about the hotel, it's about the people. I would especially like to thank everyone in the spa department, I had an incredibly good massage experience. I can say with peace of mind that I go for massages almost every month in the city where I live, it was really good. I would especially like to thank Ms. Filiz for her interest. Every evening was packed with activities for the kids. I would also like to thank the animation team. The only thing that bothers me is the theme park maintenance needs. By the way, you can go to the sea by bus or by your own car, buses leave at frequent intervals, so we had no problems with that. Thank you all very much, Modern Palaces really became our home 😉 14. Yorum: We stayed between 15. a 19. i shine The hotel was generally average for us. It had its flaws as well as its good points. But what worries us the most is the incident we experienced in the maritime section. The beach area is small. Mixed and men's area next to each other. There was no sand in the men's section, no one was using it anyway. While my wife and I were looking at the sea from there, a wave hitting the shore pulled my wife's slippers into the sea. So we asked the lifeguard, we can't take it, can you take it? He said he can't enter now either. What we don't understand could be a child falling into the water there. This means lifeguards can help people when the sea is calm. Allah bless. There was no lane drawn to prevent anyone from entering the area. He withdrew after we became victims. We were not happy with the lady manager we tried to contact at sea. Customer advisor Mr. Ersin was also at the hotel and we decided to discuss the situation at the hotel with him. Unfortunately, his communication and style were extra disturbing. We left his room without saying much. The hotel already has significant Arab customer potential. They are valuable people in the hotel. Also, when we showered the first day, the shower was clogged. We had it opened by tech. The last time we lost the sink head was trying to turn off the water. It's probably too rusty. In addition, the food was very sloppy and the desserts were very poor. I can't say that I eat this dessert with relish. The resulting döner kebabs are cut into 4-5 cm thick pieces. I can say that the hotel animation team was good. We found these friends extra friendly when it comes to names (Batuhan, Ahmet, Ali). I don't think we will choose this hotel again. The shuttles that take you to the sea drive like village cars. 15. Yorum: First of all, the staff are really good 👍🏻 I was very surprised when the food was criticized, I think it is more than enough and very tasty, but the desserts are very amateur, except for the desserts, unfortunately they are not 5-star hotel desserts, like would be purchased at a neighboring confectionery. The women's beach is quite adequate and tidy, very beautiful, but I did not like the mixed beach, it was uncomfortable. You can take a bus to the beaches, but that's not a problem, it takes 5 minutes, the only problem is that you can stand sometimes. The amusement park is a total disappointment, I think it should be removed completely. The pools are quite nice. The mini bars are said to be replenished every day, but if you are not in your room, they don't leave milk and juice, they only leave water and soda. The hotel cafes are also quite adequate, but there is a male employee who treats the man like he is beating him, the desserts are not 5 star hotel desserts, the macaroons are so stubborn they break your teeth, I tried them every day 🤦🏽‍♀️ , so the price and performance is good, after all it is more affordable than other 5 star hotels. We lived between 2. a 6. I'm glowing and the colorful cocktails are very amateur 🤦🏽‍♀️. 16. Yorum: I went after seeing the comments but unfortunately the reviews were misleading, if we had known we would never have gone. The location of the hotel is very bad, the sun does not shine between the apartments, the pool freezes. There is a shuttle to the sea, the 10 minute time is not important, but the ancient shuttles were very difficult with children and things in their hands. The rooms are very old and have not been maintained at all. I don't even want to talk about the food, we were literally starving, how could it be so bad? Although it used to be good, now it's terrible, don't waste your money and time 17. Yorum: We lived between 15. a 20. september, they wrote it as "price and performance" but that was completely wrong, in fact we first asked for a parking bed in the room the park bed we got didn't fit the interior width and long sides and they sent it without the inner wooden part . My 5-year-old daughter could not enter the women's pool, why could not children She is not in diapers, I do not understand why a huge child cannot enter and the water in the pool did not freeze possible for anyone who enters to swim for a long time. We couldn't even enjoy the beach, there is an area called the men's side surrounded by huge rocks, there is no such thing, 90 percent of the part they reserved is rock, and when there are some waves, all the men come to the family beach because they can't swim there, it's a complete fiasco. As for the food, you won't go hungry, there is a variety, but in my opinion it's sloppy, low quality ingredients are used, we couldn't eat dessert for days, everyone had desserts left on their plates, I don't see how something with sugar can be bad, there it's actually a pastry shop, trust me, I'm surprised how the manager praised the place, the macaroons were like a rock, the donuts were like a rock, I couldn't spit out the baklava after I put it in my mouth, you have a bitter taste in your mouth, who makes them, is a disaster. I have never eaten in my life. We also didn't like the ice cream served at the Alpedo ice cream time, Alpedo has a fridge, but the hotel management, who had a deal with Kervan ice cream, said they had a hard time finding another brand instead of Algida. because of the boycott. We liked the animation and evening entertainment. 18. Yorum: Please read carefully!! I wish I had seen this comment and not left, I regret it so much😣 This is the hotel I chose for my honeymoon and if I could get my money back the first moment I arrived I wouldn't want to stay one second I left o one night early because I couldn't resist. First of all, the hotel is absolutely filthy. When I left the room, I couldn't stand the smell in the hallway while waiting for the elevator. The cleanliness of the rooms was not good at all, I had to say that the sheets were not changed regularly, so they changed them. They bring a towel to the room, you spend the whole day with it, if you forget it in the room, no one gives you a towel either in the pool or by the sea. A blood stain was left on my mattress. The beds are incredibly uncomfortable, the pillows are like wooden boards, it's a dirty and untidy room. The old shuttle outside the hotel takes you to the beach, waiting for that shuttle means queuing, everything is bad, the beach is bad, the room is bad, the food is bad. The staff are indifferent. When I wanted to eat in the restaurant, there were no chairs, when I asked if they could help me, I asked for it from the other tables, they said, "You can request it from the other tables, we can't bring it." It was incredibly crowded at the time. The food was very varied, but I didn't find it tasty Of course, it depends on the taste, but when I tried to understand the food, in general, I didn't like it very much, the greasy and dirty look, don't go there. Also, why is the restriction for women only in a conservative hotel, I think it is very disturbing that men only wear swimwear. 19. Yorum: We had a great vacation. Everyone who works there tries to meet guests' needs immediately and does it with a smile. Some comments said that the food was not good, I don't understand why, it is impossible to stay hungry, the food is amazing, it is constantly renewed, we never got an answer that it is never ready. The service we got for the money we paid was very good. The hotel was very crowded, but there was no chaos, everything was fine. There was an event going on every night and we never felt the need to leave the hotel. The nurse at the poolside snack bar was very sweet. The animators were very good. The rooms were very clean and spacious. There was no drinks boycott, specifically we met and got confirmation. Only the filling equipment they use belongs to a well-known brand. However, most of the products on the market in the hotel were boycotted. It would be better if attention was given. Our only criticism is the parking problem, I'm sure they will find a solution to that too. We also thank Ms. Sibel and Ms. Rüzgar for taking care of us during the sale. See you again next year... 20. Yorum: I left the hotel 2 days ago. We stayed for four nights as a family. First let me say that we were happy with the hotel and I am thinking of returning next year. As for the details, let me start with the positive aspects first. The hotel is clean, there is nothing disturbing, the rooms are cleaned every day, the rooms are very nice and spacious (at least the room I stayed in was like that) there is central air conditioning, it works well and the room is ice Cold. They renew the mini bar every day. The bathroom has everything from shampoo, hair conditioner, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste, cleaning kit, sewing needle and thread. The staff were very polite, caring and friendly, I had a holiday without any stress from any of the staff. Every evening there are different activities for children and adults. Our dads came across a Jenga concert, a laser show and a fire show (the fire show was great) and we really enjoyed ourselves. The animation team was very friendly and dedicated. There are different pools such as men's, women's, mixed swimming, mixed aqua and they are sufficient. I really liked the warm pool water. No problem with getting cold. There are 4 slides and they are quite adequate and fun. There are two different beaches by the sea, women's and mixed, a few km from the hotel, but there is a shuttle every half hour and you can reach them in 3-4 minutes. Let's go to food and drink, there is food morning, noon and dinner. The food was very tasty, I liked it. But the best part is that there is no limit in food and drink, it is truly unlimited. I never have to worry if I will make it or if it will end, everything is enough and more. The thing I don't like most about hotels is waiting in line, this hotel doesn't have that because there are so many types of main meals that you don't have to wait in line anywhere. In addition there is a pool cafe which is open from 23:30 at night until morning Food and drink is unlimited in the snack bars by the pool and by the sea and it is not a snack that I did not go to. lunch most of the time, that's it, 24 hour beverage service. There is a market in the hotel for other needs. Let's get to the negative points. The fitness room is a bit small. The hotel's own parking lot is not enough for your vehicles, but there are empty spaces in front of the hotel where you can park. The hotel is not on the waterfront, but there is a shuttle service and you can enter with your own vehicle. The slides close between 12. a 14. by the hour. I wish they still worked. Apart from these, I can't think of anything else. Oh and one thing that makes me very happy is that there are no flies and you can sit comfortably in the evening. I am satisfied, I hope I have helped. 21. Yorum: I am writing from the hotel, you will see my comments in many conservative hotels (faith adin bera adenya algora....) I would like to write comments and help people fairly, let's go to the hotel , I was very happy to see the chef ERSİN KOCA who I have met in other hotels, because no matter what the food is, he is a very unique master who makes very delicious dishes that you can eat, whatever you put on your plate. The distance of the hotel from the sea is about 2 km Even though I came here with the knowledge, it is disturbing that I cannot see the sea. The room we stayed in was designed as a 1+1 timeshare and was very spacious and comfortable. It is a beautiful facility built on 26 acres by the sea where you can have a great time. There is a constant service at 30-minute intervals. The sea in classic Alanya is not very good, there are big stones in places. The staff are diligent and friendly. I hope to leave this hotel with pleasure, which I came to with some doubts. Let's come to the price, while Adin Adenya also offers a price around 140k 150k, here we came for half price, this price is very good for this performance. 22. Yorum: We spent a great week (6 days) with family. We were very satisfied with the hotel. I felt like a princess the whole week 😊 the staff was so friendly and nice I can't explain it. Ms. Feryat who was responsible for cleaning our room asked us every time she saw us if we had any requests even though our room was not cleaned. She is a very nice and helpful lady, Mrs. Mizgin, one of the service staff, was around us like a moth asking if we had any requests. She is a very friendly lady, thank you very much ☺️ Mrs. Betül, the service manager, we had the opportunity to have a very nice chat, she is so friendly and honest that everyone should go and see for themselves 😊 Mrs. Gökben and Mrs. Gizem was very attentive and interested in us at the reception, Mrs. Rüzgar came to me and hugged us when we left, don't forget They were very kind and nice people, we really had a great time. The food was great, we took the shuttle to ladies beach which took less than 10 minutes. The first evening we arrived, my son fell, scratched himself and bled all over. The animation team was mobilized, they were very interested, the dressing was done immediately, Mr. Özden, the head of animation, tried to call an ambulance, but we didn't want to. The next day, the nurse specially called my son and again cleaned his wounds and bandaged his finger. We were so happy I can't explain it. Before we went, we took photos as a family and made an album. My brother Zafer took amazing photos, together with my brother Ömer, it was very interesting and interesting, thank you ☺️ I had a problem with choosing photos, I almost spent. they were choosing pictures all day, they were so beautifully photographed that I had a problem choosing them 🤭 Thank you for your effort. My brother Zafer took care of me with care and dedication. Thank you, he made a wonderful album and gave it to us. Experience for yourself what quality and what service is. We would like to thank each of them once again. You and I enjoyed it a lot, we all had a great time, we are glad that we came 🤗. 23. Yorum: We came back from the hotel last Wednesday, it was not bad but not very good either. The cleanliness of the rooms was good, they were cleaned every day and the sheets were changed without us saying it. The mini bar was said to be refreshed every day, but it was refreshed once. The atmosphere of the hotel is pleasant, you feel like you are in a family atmosphere. The negative things are the food, the beach and the lack of amenities. There is a lot of variety in the food and there is always something to eat, but most of it has no taste. Instead of offering so much variety, the dishes could have been better with less variety. Especially the desserts were very bad. What you gave as ice cream was a cheap icy thing, even kids wouldn't eat it. In terms of activity, the live music was 1 hour every 2 evenings and that was definitely not enough. It ends at 11 o'clock and you are bored after that hour. Other evenings there was something for children, but it didn't appeal to us. Mahmut Tuncer was there on the last evening, he was nice. It is difficult to drive to the beach. We drove our own vehicle as the hotel shuttle was very full and we could go and come back whenever we wanted. As the seabed is very rocky, you must wear sea shoes. Overall I can say average, for this price I expected better quality. 24. Yorum: I would like to comment on several topics. Let's start with the room, the size of the room we stayed in was quite adequate. It was cleaned and sheets were changed every day. The sheets, which were only changed once, seemed not very clean. Towels appear to be soiled. The mini closet was refreshed every day. There is also a washing machine in the room which is a positive point. The overall cleanliness of the hotel was also good, including the restaurant area and other areas, but I hope the hotel management will see this. Shared toilets need to be cleaned more often, I used them twice and they were not clean. Let me talk about the food. The restaurant in the hotel has a large selection, but unfortunately the taste of the food is very poor. We stayed for 4 nights, we shouldn't take credit for the first day, the food was very good. The BBQ section was very unsuccessful. The first 2 days I bought chicken, it was left on my plate and I couldn't eat it. There are 4 pools in the hotel, one of which is reserved for women, the other is for children and there is an aqua pool, the other 2 of these pools are mixed and one of them has aqua water. The snack bars by the pool are nice and there is always something to eat. It looks pretty clean. I have a small criticism at this point. Or we can call it an observation, the staff working in the cafes looked very unhappy, I don't know why, but they didn't smile at all. There is a cafe called Sultan Cafe which is open 24 hours a day and the staff work there very dedicatedly. We spent most of our time there after dinner. I would like to dedicate another topic to the beach. Unfortunately, the hotel is not by the sea, but the beach belonging to the hotel runs every 15-30 minutes from 10 am to evening, it takes 5-10 minutes, it is not very far. When we asked about the beach before booking, they said it consisted of pebbles and sand. Yes, no lie, the beach part consists of pebbles and sand, but most of the sea part of the hotel is made up of rocks. Those who go to the hotel must definitely buy sea shoes. There is also a restaurant on the beach, but it is the same every day. Baked potatoes, burgers, fries, waffles, pita and flatbread are also available in beverages. Another topic is for hotel customers. Most of the customers in the hotel are Turks. It would be more accurate to say that they are from expatriate Turks. I didn't come across many local tourists from Türkiye. One point I would complain is that I saw a lack of welcome at the entrance or I encountered a crowded moment, I don't know, but there was no introduction at the entrance of the hotel. We asked the young man who took our luggage to the room, he talked a little about it, as I said, maybe we ran into a crowded moment, I don't know, but it would be better if attention was paid to this issue. I wrote what came to mind, hope it helps. 25. Yorum: Hello, first of all I would like to thank Mrs. Rüzgar who welcomed us with all sincerity from the first day of our arrival to the hotel where we stayed for 7 nights. Every day he does not leave his smiling face wherever he sees us, he asks about our well-being, asks if we have anything to complain about, quickly solves problems and always helps us. When we asked how to get there, he always took us there without being lazy and accompanied us. Thanks to his honesty, we didn't feel like strangers here and overall we were satisfied with the hotel. He has always provided service worthy of the quality he represents and I hope he gets the rewards he deserves. 26. Yorum: The hotel is not recommended at all. Our first day was enough to get a dirty room, stains everywhere, dusty hair from previous guests. The wardrobe couldn't be closed as the safe was wide which meant it couldn't be used. The first night we had to stay in the worst room, because there were probably no rooms available. In the morning, they told us at the reception that they still had no rooms available. only then we were allocated one allocated new room. The food was also disappointing as we Turks are known for good food. The pool is too small for guests, it was very crowded, no possibility to walk to the beach. The beach is 1 km from the hotel with a bus. Which also led to a dispute because there weren't enough seats. We also booked a pirate ship trip - pure disappointment - we paid so much money to swim in the harbor a second time. I advise everyone not to spend money on a 5 star hotel that doesn't deserve it. 27. Yorum: We liked it very much when we went there at the beginning of the season, so we decided to go there a second time this year. The fact that the women's beach and the sea were well-groomed and beautiful made us want to go again. Mr. Ersin for his help and Mrs. Rüzgar who looked after us with joy and interest when we first arrived; I would like to thank my dear Gözde, who is kind, sincere and smiling, and Mrs. Gülşen and Mrs. Ayfer, who work at the ladies' beach and recognized us as soon as they saw us and took care of us with the same sincerity. Hope to see you again next season ❤️ 28. Yorum: Mainly Ms. Rüzgar's sweet palate, Ms. Gizem's smiling face and Mr. Ersin's help made me very happy. The sea was amazing, the pool was of course a little cold, our October room was a really beautiful room, thanks to Mr. Tolg. I recommend, the prices are acceptable, in one word thank you very much, I will say next time, best regards sonnur yilmaz. I would also like to thank my brother Hamdullah, one of the cleaning workers. I would like to thank Ms. Elif who is responsible for guest relations. 29. Yorum: Hello, we were in the hotel as a family for the first time and we had a really nice 5 days. Thank you to all the employees. I have several suggestions and requests, we would be very happy if they were taken into consideration. 1- The amusement park area has been neglected and needs maintenance and repair. 2- The stairs leading to the platform on the beach are very bad and the stones on the beach are very slippery, that's why I fell into the sea and broke my phone, if there is a stone part of the renovation of the wooden treadmill, the passage will be much more convenient and safer, 3- Operating hours the kids club ends at 17:00 and children cannot leave the pool and go there until then. For children, it may be more convenient to open and close this section late, for example at 21.00-22.00. 4- It would also be much nicer if the paid gaming room could be included in the all inclusive package. I hope this will be taken into account, thank you for everything, I hope to see you again... 30. Yorum: We just got back from the hotel, I want to write down the pros and cons right away. All the staff are very friendly, especially the young animators do their best. However, the evening entertainment for children is very insufficient, every day is the same dance, there is no extra show, etc. There could also be some performances and stage shows for adults. In the evening, nothing much happens in the hotel. The food is not varied, bad, there are good varieties every day, but unfortunately they are quite inferior in taste. I wish more attention was paid to the taste of the food. The rooms are very large and useful, but the sheets and pillows were made of polyester and nylon-like fabrics. And it was incredibly disturbing. Women's beach is a beautiful beach, but there is no beautiful beach or men's beach. The biggest disadvantage of the women's section is that it doesn't have a nice shower. It doesn't have a cabin. You can't just go out, take a nice hot shower and go to your room. This is a very big shortcoming. In general, it is nice, yes, but if they do not correct these shortcomings, we will choose other hotels. Also, the amusement park for children is almost not working. They all need refurbishing. It would actually be a nice hotel if they fixed its flaws. 31. Yorum: We checked out of the hotel today. We had a stay for 3 nights and 4 days. The hotel has a mixed water park, a children's water park, a communal pool and a women's pool. The mixed water park and the children's water park are located next to each other. Between 12-16 next to the water parks there is refreshments. There are products like baked potatoes, hamburgers, corn, waffles, steaks, etc. Next to the mixed water park is a cute mosque. The sea part is a bit far. Buses in front of the hotel will take you to the beach. Although the beach is far, it is worth seeing. You are traveling among the pine trees in the Incekum Nature Park. A pleasant hotel restaurant welcomes you to the beach. From that restaurant you go down to the beach. The depth of the beach is normal. It is not fine sand or stone. The seabed consists of small pebbles. I especially liked the view. In the hotel there is a place like a nomadic tent between 12 and 16. Aunt Kiraz is making pancakes there. I thank him very much. I definitely recommend visiting Kiraz aunty for those who visit. I can't say that the standard of food in the restaurant is very good. I wouldn't say it was bad, it was average. Especially if you are someone who goes to Adine or Selge, if they have 8 points, this place gets a maximum of 4 points when it comes to food. The restaurant should be improved. Not even the names of most foods, cheeses, etc. were not written. One day, when it looked like there would be no red meat for dinner, one day, delicious lamb chops appeared. Or maybe meat skewers came out for lunch and chicken for dinner. These types of defects must be corrected. In addition, plastic plates and spoons should be removed, especially in snacks. I also came across many broken pieces on the tea plates and chairs. There are many cats in the restaurant. Many customers were disturbed by cats. If these cats continue to stay at the hotel, they can be vaccinated and cleaned and their names can be written on their necks. Because the cat scratched the girl and the child had to be taken to the hospital, the parking lot needs to be fixed. The vehicles were left in the sun and I could not see a friend from the hotel reception team to help with the luggage. This may be due to density. The entrance part should be improved. I found the elevators to be weak. The rooms and air conditioning were nice. Most of the staff were friendly and caring. When we checked into the hotel, the lady showed us around the hotel and introduced us to most of the hotels and you spend the first day trying to learn about the hotel. Thank you to the lady who showed us around. We arrived at 10:30am and were told our room would be ready around 1:30pm. In the meantime, they didn't bother us, they said you can have breakfast or change your clothes and take us to the pool. I found the night events of the modern palaces very successful. Our teacher Nihat Hatipoğlu was at the hotel, we met him and his son, we talked, God bless them, they were very valuable people, they saved time for all of us. Mithat Körler took the stage one night. It was a great stage performance, we thank him very much. Puppetmania marmalade arrived overnight. Thank you very much to the lady there, she took care of all the children one by one. In short, we really liked the night events. The food was average. The sea was far away, but the view was beautiful. The rooms and minibar services were very nice. Elevators, parking and luggage service were poor. We may consider coming again. On average, we were satisfied. Thanks. 32. Yorum: The hotel is very attentive, the animation team is very attentive. The reception team is also very attentive. Especially Mrs. Ruzgarová is very caring. My mother comes to the hotel just to absorb Mrs. Rüzgar's positive energy, she is very well meaning and full of positive energy. 33. Yorum: First of all, our holiday repertoire is not very wide, so let me comment accordingly. We went with 3 adults and 2 children. In terms of the Fiat's performance, I think it is affordable compared to many conservative hotels in the region, although it seems expensive to us (I think the biggest reason is that it is far from the beach). We liked the room and the view. They arranged a cot for our child in the park. As it coincided with the crowded period, there was a bit of chaos. Generally young people working (I think they are students) I think the meals, breakfast and snacks during the day were very varied and tasty. The pool was fine but the opening and closing time is 18/10 which I find ridiculous. In addition, the slide in the pool is in operation between 16.10 and even the lunch hour is stopped, I think it is unnecessary. I think events, live music etc. they are very good. There is no parking space which is a bit of a problem. The vehicle sinks due to dust and sun. There are building structures around. Snack bar, poolside cafe, beach cafe, exhibition site cafe and pastry shop, all day service, everything you want is unlimited. I thought it fit the conservative model and we liked it. I don't like the beach the most. It says 1.8 km, but it takes 8-10 minutes by car. Service is every half hour but is limited. We never took the shuttle, we drove our own vehicle. On the beach, right by the sea, there are cafes and restaurants and everything is nice. Even playing music stops at a certain time which is ridiculous. There is a separate area for women, but there is a lack of showers and toilets on the beach. And there is a mess, there are not enough sunbeds, the area of ​​sand is very small, there are not enough umbrellas. It could be better with organization and coordination. The sea is mixed with sand and pebbles, something could sting your feet. Also, since it's not walking distance from the hotel, it's not worth going to the beach. I generally enjoyed the pool, meals, snacks, full drinks and activities. It went well, thank you. If the prices were a little better for us, we could go there every year ☺️ 34. Yorum: Our 6-day vacation ended today. The first day we arrived, Ayşenur and Mrs. Gözde at the reception gave us a family room because the standard room was too small. They helped immediately. Thank you very much from here. The food is very diverse, mashallah. desserts snack bar cafe cleaning service. Everything was perfect. Honestly, I did not expect such a hotel. All the staff were friendly. The staff likes the hotel and the staff tries to please the customers. Only the location of the sea made it a little tiring because we were with children. But everything is available by the sea, food etc. It was a vacation that we don't know how we spent it without getting bored. Thank you 😊 35. Yorum: We left the hotel today and are returning home. It was the hotel I chose for the first time, my wife and 3 daughters and I were very satisfied. Satisfaction varies from person to person depending on expectations, but in the hotels I went to, I felt as comfortable as if I was going to an acquaintance. On the very first day, when the children asked me for the room key, they said they would go to the house and come. As soon as you enter the hotel the lady who welcomed us said "we will take you to dinner until your transactions are completed." Then Mrs. Rüzgar came and introduced us to the hotel. I would like to thank him very much ❤️ He was so interested in us, if I said his gesture of decorating the room for our 12th. wedding anniversary, or sending a fruit plate to our room, I mean his endless gestures. In addition, the rooms were very spacious. Balconies are large. The pools on each side, the cafes, the staff are all amazing. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. I would like to thank the whole team, especially my sister RÜZGAR ❤️ See you next year I'm glad to have you, Modern Palaces Team 🙋‍♂️ 36. Yorum: This is our second visit to the hotel. The quality of service is very good. There are many food alternatives. All the staff are very caring. We would especially like to thank Mr. Mehmet Yetkin, the front office attendant. My son locked the safe in the room and we couldn't open it. Mr. Mehmet took care of it immediately when we first asked. No need to seek adventure. This will be our resting place every year. 37. Yorum: We stayed at the Modern Palaces Hotel for a week, we were very satisfied, it provided a very nice environment for families with children (swimming pool, kids club, amusement park, etc.) The amusement park is a bit neglected and broken. The staff is generally good, but some waiters are very stressed and rude. All female staff are very nice and friendly. There are many cats in the hotel area, some are very careless and are left alone. 1 kitten was injured We reported the situation to the general manager of the hotel (CEO: Mr. Ersin) but he mockingly did not care and said it was not our duty. If he was humane and caring, I wouldn't have written this negative comment Unfortunately there are many people who have no compassion for animals, even though he is the CEO, I was very upset about this situation. 2 days before this incident we informed the supervisor about another injured cat and she took good care of it and took it to the vet. Although the price of the hotel part of Başak Spa is a bit high, I was very satisfied with the massage. I would like to thank Ms. Inci very much. Unfortunately, the mosque is also very dusty and neglected. 38. Yorum: I chose this place again this year, but unfortunately I regretted it. I actually wanted to write five stars, but unfortunately Mrs. Gözde cheated me, I asked to bring medicine from the pharmacy and I paid a thousand TL for money for medicine Taxi. There was neither a receipt nor change in the bag. When I asked he said that he increased by 52 TL and that he gave it to me because he was waiting for a taxi When I went to inform Mr. Ersin about my situation he was not helpful at all, he reacted very hard and was rude and support staff. I learned from talking to the guests that I was scammed and I believe the family atmosphere. Otherwise, apart from these two employees, I had no problems. Mrs. Pelin would always welcome us and help us with her nature. Mr. Wasiq would also ask about our shortcomings. 39. Yorum: We have been coming here for 10 years, but I don't know what he (Mr. Sami) was doing in the hotel for a year, but this place has become terrible. Women touching each other inappropriately in public spaces: İNCİ in the SPA and ELIF the cleaner in the women's pool. The SPA staff sit and eat right in front of you in the ladies pool and restaurant. They take food with their hands and we have to eat the same food. The women from the SPA interfere in your conversation for no reason, I am especially not happy with Zehra at the SPA. The restaurant staff needs to be replaced urgently, they are very disrespectful, they talk behind your back when you can hear, they don't understand when you ask something, even if you repeat it, it is not done and in the end you have to do it yourself. The staff are very grumpy, maybe they could learn to be polite and smile. They do nothing in the middle of the road, looking sullen when asked for directions. The staff I am satisfied with: Ms. Gizem from the ladies bar, we have known her for a long time, she has been working here for 7 years. He is very nice, cleans the tables, cleans the bar. He does his work with love and it shows, I am very satisfied with him. Women's Safety: Gulhan From Women's Bar: Seher From Women's Kitchen: Bus From Animation Team: Greetings Thank you for your service. The food is very bad, they keep saying we have more than 100 varieties, even if there are 200, it doesn't matter that the varieties are not tasty! It's not like edible. I got very sick, we stayed here for a week, I couldn't eat anything for 7 days, except for the food in the ladies pool. The cutlery is dirty, the tables are hardly cleaned at all, when you put your hand on the table, the leftovers of the previous day's food stick to your hand and it is really hard to find a clean plate. The staff does everything they can to not help. He makes faces every time. The rooms are cleaned, but if something needs to be thrown away or the linen changed, it is not done, you have to say it (yourself) every day. The hotel is generally not clean. We lived in C039, when we ask for something it takes 4-5 hours, sometimes it doesn't come at all. Even though we just wanted water and towels. It's not a very difficult thing, but it didn't come. The customer service staff said we could come to them with any complaints, but we didn't want to deal with the constant repetition of things we weren't happy with throughout our dessert. Overall I am not satisfied at all and for this price I would not recommend this place. It would be better to go to another hotel! I will never come to modern palaces again. 40. Yorum: Hello We were satisfied with your hotel nice welcome Gözde Hanim and Müslüm Bey at Rezeption are very friendly and helpful. We would like to thank the waiters, Beyza Hanım, Bestami Bey, Yakup Bey, Mizgin Hanım, Salih Bey, Muhammed Bey, Gizem Hanım, the bar team and all the workers whose names we do not know. The animation team, especially Ms. Gülsen, is very humble and friendly. I would love to come again Dan if the prices are a bit more affordable. Greetings Özbay Family 41. Comment: I cannot recommend this hotel. The 5 stars it claims to have is absolutely not justified. The food was disappointing and the rooms were anything but pleasant. The rooms, although clean, were not what I expected from a 5 star hotel. Some pieces of furniture were worn and there were defects that were not repaired. Another big drawback was the environment. There was nothing to do and you were really bored in the evenings. You almost felt like you were locked out because there were no ways to meaningfully spend your time. The beach was wide and buses ran every 40 to 1 hour. It was so disappointing for us that we canceled our holiday there after 2 days and booked a new hotel. It is very important to mention that the pictures do not correspond to reality. Overall it was a very disappointing experience and I would not visit this hotel again. 42. Yorum: Rating: 1 out of 5 stars** My stay at this hotel was not satisfactory at all. Although the staff was attentive, the hotel's shortcomings could not be ignored: 1. **Room Service**: It took them three phone calls to respond to my requests. This is unacceptable in a 5 star hotel. 2. **Cleanliness**: The cleanliness of the room was insufficient. There was dust on the furniture and the carpet was stained. The bathroom also lacked cleanliness and had lime residue. 3. **Food**: The food was disappointing. It was not tasty at all and did not meet the standards expected of a hotel of this category. 4. **Building Condition**: The building is old and shows obvious signs of wear and tear. The furniture looks old and worn. 5. **Service**: Although the staff was very attentive, it was not enough to make up for the shortcomings. Overall the service was lacking. This hotel definitely does not meet the standards expected of a 5 star hotel. The issues I mentioned made my stay very unpleasant and I cannot recommend this hotel. **As a result, we had to abandon our vacation and leave the hotel.** --- This addendum more clearly expresses the serious problems that caused the vacation to be cut short. 43. Yorum: We stayed for 5 nights last week. We were very satisfied with everything. A really conservative family hotel. The food was very tasty, but I can't say the same about the desserts. The desserts look very nice visually, but the content was not so good. All the staff from A to Z were friendly. There is a constant service of food and drinks. May the money we paid be deserved. We especially liked the energy of the animation team. They are all bright young people. I would definitely recommend it to conservative families looking to go. 44. Comment: We are coming to Modern Palaces for the fifth time as a family. First of all, we are very pleased with the hotel's attention. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. They took over ownership of the hotel. Mrs. Rüzgarová, who is in contact with customers, solves our every request and complaint very well. He is a very funny person. I thank him very much. The food is very nice and varied. Various main dishes, olive oil, desserts, pita bread every day; In the daily snack bar, pita bread, baked potatoes, hamburgers, waffles, salads, olive oil dishes, stuffed meatballs, onion rings, etc. available. I was very happy to see no boycotted products in the hotel. My main concern was that we would see ice cream in Perception and it would be eaten by children, but Kahramanmaraş had a local brand. Rooms are cleaned daily. Towels are renewed. If you wish, the sheets will be changed immediately. We did not find it necessary to change the sheets every day. The toilets in the hotel are always clean, but the toilet seats in the women's toilet by the sea need to be replaced. It's a little yellow. The energy of Ahmet and Batuhan, Ali and Emirhan in the animation team is great. They are both very funny and very nice. They play games like darts, water polo, and mega Jenga every day. The only negative aspects of the hotel are the shuttle service to the sea and the parking problem. We make the reservation knowing that it is not directly by the sea. There is no problem here. But if we drive our vehicle to the sea, it becomes a problem to find a place to park our vehicle on the way back. If we don't take the car out and take the shuttle, the shuttles will be very crowded. It's a shame that there is a service every half hour. The shuttles should ring at least every 15 minutes. Because when the service is low, the shuttles pile up and you feel like you're taking a bus rather than a vacation. Service should be more frequent so that no one is standing. If the hotel solves this problem, it will make its customers much happier. Hopefully when we come next year we will see this issue resolved. Thank you very much to the Modern Palaces family for this wonderful holiday. 45. Yorum: We have been going to this hotel as a big family for 7 years and we can say that it is the place where we feel the most comfortable after our own home. We are extremely happy that the beaches and pools are run fully in accordance with the "conservative hotel" concept and I think this is an exemplary hotel in this respect. The rooms are clean and tidy. All types of food are very successful (the type that makes everyone happy to eat it) Apart from one or two minor issues that can be encountered in any service sector, we have never encountered any major issues so far. I recommend this hotel to my friends and they leave satisfied. 46. Yorum: I spent a week in this hotel and my experience was nice. The staff was very friendly and always willing to help us with requests. The food here was very tasty and the tables were spotless. The pools were nice to relax in and suitable for all ages. The slides were fun for my kids and we enjoyed swimming as they did events like bubbles and playing games. Other amenities like the spa and fitness center were very nice and thoughtful. Ayse was very nice, always considerate of us and always wanted to clean our rooms. She is very respectful and hardworking. When our room was cleaned it was very clean afterwards and looked like a brand new room. When it was night there were fun light shows and different activities every day. The beach was calm and pleasant to relax. I had no problem with the stay. In conclusion, I would recommend this hotel and would come again if I wanted to. 47. Yorum: 🔹️We came back from the hotel a few days ago. It was a nice vacation for us. First of all, I would like to thank all the employees for their hospitality. I would especially like to thank Mrs. Rüzgar, who welcomed us as a guest in her home, and Mrs. Gülşen and Esra, who made us have a great time at the ladies' beach. 🔹️The hotel does not skimp on ingredients, but the grilled food is raw on the inside and burnt on the outside. 🔹️The menu is weak when it comes to desserts 🔹️You will definitely not go hungry, there is always something to eat and coffee brewed on the sand. 🔹️Crowds and noise overwhelm you at dinner time. It would be better if the meal time lasted 3 hours, like breakfast. 🔹️We wanted a quiet room, but it looked like all the programs of the amphitheater were in the room😃Also, it would be better if the balcony doors were replaced, we called the technical team to close them. 🔹️ On the men's beach, sand could spill and cut their hands and feet because of the rocks, and there was nothing on the men's beach, a pool reserved for men. As a result, privacy-conscious families prefer this hotel for women and men only. The idea that mixed people can enter the pool is not correct. 🔹️This is a 5-star hotel, but I think a little more attention should be paid to cleanliness and order, as a result, we were satisfied as a family and I would like to come again to be better. Thanks to everyone who contributed. 48. Yorum: I chose Modern Palaces for my second vacation this summer. We had a quiet family holiday for 5 nights, my thoughts on the hotel haven't changed much, I'll leave my old comment below, you can read it from there. By the way, I can say that the animation team has improved a bit. We had no problems, everything was great. We would especially like to thank Mrs. Feryad, the clerk in the 7th grade, for her sincere support. floor of block C. Thank you Modern Palaces, see you next summer 🙋 I stayed with my family for 6 nights. I leave the hotel satisfied. Especially a big thanks to Mrs. Kadriya Uzun, who is responsible for cleaning the rooms in A Block, 7. father He saw us as his guests. Daily room cleaning was impeccable. Yes, there are better hotels, but we can say that this is undoubtedly the best hotel in its field in terms of price and performance. Apart from the animation team, there is no service that we could describe as bad. The animation team is seriously bad, they are very weak in what they should be best at: communication. Other than that, everything we could need in a hotel is met, the cleanliness is good and the food is ok. Desserts and salads are great. The grilled chicken was great. The meatballs were problematic. Better dishes can be made from so many ingredients. For example, if a friend who made meatballs learned the recipe for Inegöl meatballs and received some training, the whole hotel would feed itself with so much minced meat and not a single meatball would go to waste. Being far from the sea is not a problem at all, there is constant service and all services by the sea are the same as in a hotel. I don't think it's a problem that they build around. Finally, even though there are many new settlements and constructions, the forest air still gives people peace. To sum it up, it's excellent value for money and I'm thinking of coming again. 49. Comment: Ahoj. It was a hotel we enjoyed going to on our summer vacations every few years for a long time. In general, parking has always been a problem. I always parked in remote spots to avoid the hassle. By the way, even though my vehicle does not have a disabled license plate, I am disabled due to an illness I have suffered. From the time I arrived, the disabled parking lot was full of vehicles without disabled license plates. The disabled car park was empty on this day, probably due to reduced accommodation due to schools opening, and I parked after consulting with housekeeping. Security came and told me I had to remove it. I asked why the other two cars were parked and they said it was the boss's car and would be leaving in an hour. I said I was disabled and that my ID was in the room and that I could show a picture on my phone. They said I have to bring my ID from the room. I saw that the reality of the country and the reality of this hotel coincided for us, but not for special guests and patrons. I pulled the car over and left it in the farthest corner. The system is a winner, I continue my vacation as a loser. If you have a non-questioning nature, you too can be satisfied with a little imagination and considering the price you pay. 50. Yorum: I think the performance of the hotel is good considering the price. I think the food is good, but I can't say the same about the desserts (except the sherbet desserts). The staff are friendly and their service is quite fast. Since there is a short distance between the hotel and the sea, there is a bus every half hour, so it is convenient. It is also very nice to have pancakes on the beach and in the hotel (for breakfast). The activities offered by the animation team were also very nice! I especially loved Esra and Dilek's energy. They were very friendly and honest. The activities they organized for women were very nice. Also, the activities and games they organized for the children were also very nice. Thank you for everything and I hope to see you again! 51. Yorum: I hope that tomorrow morning we will be leaving the hotel in which we stayed on the 15th. July. If we were asked how to relax after a long and tiring year, we would probably describe such a vacation before we get here... It would be a lie if we said we weren't intimidated by the wrong way to enter the hotel and the surrounding buildings when we first entered the hotel, but as time went on we didn't mind the situation at all. On the contrary, in line with our satisfaction with our stay, we extended our holiday by two more days. satisfied. If we were to list our favorite points item by item: 1- The rooms are very spacious, the air conditioning is sufficient, the cleaning is done often, the deficiencies are quickly fixed whenever we want. 2- The food was very tasty, varied and satisfying (lamb chops, tandoori lamb, kunefe and asure were also served on different nights during the week.) 3-The staff working in the restaurant and snack bar, as well as the cleaners, are all young children, serving very good and fast, don't believe anyone who says the service is bad.(: 4-We took a boat trip for one day and had the opportunity to swim in the open air and also travel We would like to thank Mr. Ahmet and Atahan for making this trip possible . 5-And let's go to the bright animation team that makes the vacation the most colorful. They are all bright children. With the activities they prepared every evening, they made sure that not even a minute of our time was free. He tries his best to entertain and make everyone happy with his endless energy, without exception during the day at the pool. Here we would especially like to thank our brothers Ahmet, Batu and Ferhat, if we consider choosing this hotel again next year, they will be the biggest factor. We would like to thank the Modern Palaces family for this lovely holiday. 52. Yorum: Unlike everyone else, I want to criticize the people in the hotel, not the hotel. It is really interesting that gentlemen who come to a hotel with a conservative concept pull their shorts up to their crotch and lie on the beach next to their children. Conservation is mandatory not only for women, but also for men. I also resent customers who are careless with their waste. How can 2 people buy 1 kilo of bread and have breakfast? I don't even want to talk about things on the table that would feed an army and rye bread (I think they are afraid to gain weight). If they are not fixed we will continue to have holidays at very high prices. Pita man on the beach makes the best pitas I've had in a long time. Thank you. Also the beach toilets were clean every time I went in. I would also like to thank the young people there. The sea is warm but a bit rocky. As you know, it is far from the hotel. 53. Yorum: Hello, I am Hülya Polat, I was in your hotel two days ago, I stayed for a week. There shouldn't be any problem with the towels, the rocks could also be a little tidier or a board should be placed there for easy walking on the edges, otherwise the other delicacies, the food, everything is very nice, I was very pleased, thank you to all the Modern Palace staff. Gözde and Doğukan who worked at the reception took very good care of me. I would like to thank them especially. Başak SPA center was very nice, 100 points from me, I would like to thank Mrs. İnci who works in the women's section, I stopped there I recommend everyone who goes to the SPA center, don't come without visiting Mrs. İnci. We went with a group of 11 people, we all went to the SPA center, we were very satisfied, the staff took care of each of us individually, so we had great intimacy and good friendships in a week. 54. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel on Wednesday and checked out yesterday First, the waiters are very attentive and do their work with a smile. You won't go hungry in the hotel, there is certainly a lot of variety and almost all of them are very nice. It is a clean hotel, our room was cleaned daily. The negative is that no one greeted us, so we were told about the hotel, where it was and what hours it was available, and the receptionist just put a bracelet on our wrist and took us to our room. We asked a friend who carried things for us and we learned most of the things from him. I think it was supposed to be a little tour of the hotel and an explanation. In some places where the sea is beautiful, the stones sting your feet, but it's not as described, I bought sea shoes for fear, but I didn't even use them. We left very happy, the last time there was a paid play area for kids which is very annoying, you have to buy a token to run it with it and the mini amusement park was not open every day, luckily it was open on Friday night, the amusement park is free but I think that it should be open every evening at certain hours. Overall, we had a nice stay with our family. thanks 55. Comment: It's 10. the hotel I visited in 2024. Including Sharm el Sheikh This hotel is on the first two In addition, the food is very good and delicious. Bathing in a national park and enjoying a meal by the sea and pita lahmacun in the oven is very attentive. I did not see a dirty environment. At this price, this service is normal for the last three years. I will come again in November. I have never seen anyone else take care of the guests as much as the chef. Those who are not satisfied can be extremely picky. 56. Comment: Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this hotel. My experience is in no way up to the expectations of a 5 star hotel. Here are a few points that were particularly disappointing: 1. Housekeeping: Rooms were extremely dirty even after daily cleaning. There was hair everywhere which was very annoying. The towels that were changed daily were often stained. Even at my cousins ​​request, cleaning was not always done and was ignored. 2. Food: The menu was very limited and the taste was disappointing. I often found myself eating only bread with spread and chips. A positive exception was the pizza at Frauenstrand, which was excellent. I often spent breakfast and lunch there because dinner didn't have many tempting options. Also, many things were often no longer available, which I found very infuriating because I had paid for them. 3. Service: The service in the restaurant was poor. The waiters mostly ignored us, which made the stay even more unpleasant. 4. Hotel condition: The hotel itself is very old and by no means meets the 5 star standard. The evening programs were boring and the dessert selection disappointing. 5. Transportation: The shuttle bus to the beach was old and dirty. It would also be nice if the shuttle was available longer so you could visit the beach after 6pm for sunset and photos. 6. General cleanliness: The toilets in the lobby were in a terrible state - also dirty and unacceptable. 7. Images vs. reality: The pictures on the internet have been heavily edited and do not reflect the actual quality of the hotel. This led to great disappointment as the reality was vastly different from the images shown. The pool and beach are much smaller than in the pictures. Positives: The only bright spot was the room size and the pizza on women's beach which was really good. Overall this hotel is not worth 5 stars for me and I would not recommend it. 57. Yorum: Negative: ❗It is a maximum of 10 minutes from the sea by car, but there is a shuttle service every half hour. ❗There was no red meat food on the first day. This is what we stated. In the days that followed, we were honestly full of red meat and confused about what to eat. ❗The closing of the pool at 6 is a negative for me, it is too early. I think it should be at least between 8 or 10 in the evening. ❗The hangers on the balcony are insufficient, there must be a peg device, clothes fly away in the wind. However, thanks to the staff, they brought our lost clothes. Still, you should be prepared at this point. ❗There are generally cats in the hotel. I didn't mind, but my friends who had a phobia of cats did. They wandered around the hall, the animals must have wanted to cool down because there were many doors. Positive: ❗The sea was great although it was far, there is a private beach for women and it is covered, giant rocks far in front prevent the waves from coming. The sea was very beautiful and clean, I didn't see any algae. Sunbeds were free and everything was included in the price. There was music and activities. The staff were friendly and fun. ❗The manager's office is in the lobby, so you can contact us at any time. The staff were very friendly and solution oriented. ❗ Room cleaning was average. Bed linen is changed every 2 days, but room cleaning can be done whenever you want. ❗In the evening there is live music, an entertainment show or a ladies' matinee. So there were constant events. ❗The pool had an outdoor and an indoor pool specifically for women. Or it was available in a mixed pool. We never used the mixed pool. The women's pool was also pleasant. However, the use of the water park was limited. It closed intermittently. ❗Overall, it was an environment I would like to go to again. 58. Yorum: First of all I would recommend changing the name of the hotel to shabby palaces rather than modern palaces, I think the hotel has never been maintained or renovated since it opened, all the facilities were extremely worn and dirty. there was nothing in the hotel that I would call good, the variety of food yes there is a lot of it but the taste is zero. The snack bar is surrounded by cats, they're not the kind of cats you can call cute in a hotel, they're not the kind of cats you can call cute, you know, a street cat and one of them is attacking everyone out of instinct to protect her kittens and they attacked us too. The social areas, beaches, pools, sunbeds are very inadequate, the staff is also very very very inadequate and they try to entertain only those who come in large groups and exclude those who come individually to let their children ride on those broken and rusty toys They wanted we charged the phone in the room, the outlet was broken, we wanted to drink cold water from the mini bar, it didn't cool, it was broken, we put a deposit in the safe, it couldn't be turned on, it was broken, we wanted to watch TV, it was broken, besides there was a dirty, tiny shower, a washing machine rotting everywhere and a swollen and rotten machine cabinet, it was disgusting, there was no soap in the soap dispenser, etc. atd.. All other things were covered in dust and stains. We couldn't take this shame any longer and left the hotel When we saw the last sight we saw while examining the stain on the sheet, we couldn't bear the shame we experienced any longer, we had to leave at midnight on the 26th. 9. 2024 at noon check out of the hotel with our 6. -year-old child with us.7 While we dreamed of rest from the fatigue of the hour's journey, we suddenly had to spend the night on the street and after all the events we experienced, the servant of God did not even say sorry, let alone apologize We do not forgive those responsible for all the suffering, which you caused us, and especially the loss of time Sorry, we do not recommend "modern palaces" to anyone. 59. Yorum: We were there in September. When you arrive at the hotel, no one will show you around, you actually have to find out everything by yourself. In general, a little more greenery wouldn't hurt the hotel complex. There wasn't much to look at, so I usually looked down in frustration. Definitely not a luxury or 5 star hotel. I know it completely differently than other hotels. The hotel is located in a very dense development. Booking a room with a view is pointless as there are really only buildings or construction sites in the area. Food and rooms were ok. However, I had to wipe the table again almost every time and the chairs were also sticky... The outdoor pool for women was a bit run down, the stairs creaked alarmingly. Unfortunately, none of the equipment in the fitness room worked. The hotel is not on the beach and a bus service will take you to the beach. The description said that there is a shuttle bus to the beach every 30 minutes, but in reality there are too many exceptions (bus times from the hotel: 10:00 - 12:00, 14:00 - 16:00). It was also very annoying that the bus was mostly overcrowded. The ride comfort was reminiscent of a donkey cart. The bus windows were always dirty. When we arrived at the beach, the ladies beach area was quite small and unkempt. Cups of water and other trash floated around in the sea. There were too many small and big stones on the beach, so going into the water was always difficult. Also dangerous for children or the elderly. There was no other way to get into the sea water, the area is very rocky. Since it was only a small part of the beach, you couldn't walk on the beach. Mescid was very small and in danger of collapsing. I loved that there was beach volleyball and pilates every day. There was also training equipment (very dated but still), I used it… Food on the beach was good to average but Gözleme was super tasty! The family restaurant on the beach was ok but the trees and plants were already half dried and not really taken care of. What I noticed: The men's or mixed beach was slightly better maintained and less rocky. For me, one of the main arguments for this hotel was the separate part of the women's beach. I liked the ladies spa with hammam, steam room, sauna and salt chamber. The staff throughout the hotel were always friendly. 60. Yorum: We spent 5 days at Modern Saraylar in July 2024. In terms of value for money I think this hotel is on the expensive side, for almost the same price you can go to better Islamic hotels in the region. Our findings: Room, room; We had a junior family suite, a clean and very spacious room with a large balcony. The air conditioning was centrally controlled, but adjustable for each room and therefore very pleasant. The washing machine in the bathroom was very useful for me, every day I washed some laundry, which dried quickly on the balcony and everything went home clean. Little noise from neighbors etc. After 23:00 it was actually always quiet. Eat; the food itself was good, fresh but not much variety. Especially a lot of chicken and not a lot of freshly prepared food, çiğ köfte, pide and chicken schnitzel every day is also boring. Plus very busy and it's a shame that people, especially in an Islamic hotel, think they have to brag so much and then let it go. Pool and beach food was average, less than snack bar quality. Beach; the women's beach was nice, you could finally swim in the sea again. It's a shame that everything is so small, but the family beach has a lot of space and much more facilities. The women's beach is stone, the family beach is sandy. The bus runs every half hour, it's a five minute drive so no problem. When the bus is full, another bus arrives. Swimming pool; Unfortunately, the public swimming pools do not check for suitable swimwear. At the ladies' pool, too much attention is paid to swimming caps, etc. It's a shame that, like in many other hotels, the women's room is small and full, and the men's room is large and often almost empty. I don't need loud music playing all day. Personnel; We found this to be a real disappointment. The staff does what they have to, but there is not a smile or a kind word to be found. We asked a few times for something small but we couldn't do it. In a restaurant, they take your plates from under your nose while you are still chewing the last bite. The cleaning lady was downright hostile. 61. Yorum: We were very satisfied. Recommended for those looking for a conservative hotel. This is our first time coming to Modern Palaces. We were very curious how our vacation would turn out. At first I was a little worried about the fact that the hotel is far from the beach and that it is a complex of 5 buildings instead of a single and unified hotel concept. However, with the friendly welcome of the hotel staff and management, we realized that we had come to a nice place. We lived in E13. The staff is very attentive and friendly. Despite the heat, their faces never freeze and they are not lazy. The animation team succeeds in involving people in organizations as well. They are fun. Special thanks to the kitchen team. The food was varied and tasty. The pita and pancakes on the beach were really nice. Greetings masters. Everything was fresh and of high quality. I can say that the owner and managers of the hotel really do not feed what they do not eat. They stay at the hotel and take care of the guests. The evening will brighten up our day with celebrities. The hotel offers a very good advantage with a separate beach and pool for women on the beach and in the hotel. You can go to the sea with a shuttle that leaves every half hour. Anyone who wants to can drive their own car. Approximately 700-800 meters. We had no problems. I think the elevators in the buildings are insufficient, but we didn't have a big problem. We would like to thank the owner of the hotel and the team that managed the entire organization without any problems. 62. Yorum: First of all, this is the hotel we came to for the first time and after reading the positive and negative comments, we change the towels daily, renew the minibar daily, the room is cleaned every 2 days, we had no problem with the cleaning. the staff does their best. It was an experience for us where every day was packed, there were lots of activities and events and we could have fun as a family in different areas. The dishes are repeated almost every day, but you should not take credit for the variety, there is sure to be something that appeals to you, such as dessert, appetizer and entree. I think the distance to the sea is not a problem. There is a shuttle to the hotel every 5 minutes and every half hour so you can come and go easily. Likewise, unlimited food and drinks are available on the beach. Live music, Turkish night, animation team, games, concerts, etc. It was a holiday for us where we had fun. My modest criticism would be that the hotel charges a fee for many of its activities, playground painting, henna hookah, etc. That didn't seem very accurate to me. Nevertheless, it was a nice memory for us thanks to the modern palaces. 63. Yorum: The hotel is 1 km from the main road, when we enter the hotel, we are greeted by a grand hall, when we first entered, we were told that the restaurant for lunch is on the right side, and no explanation was given about the hotel. We visited him himself he says it's not a big deal but you're walking off the road and want to swim a bit, you're hungry and have to wait for dinner at 6:30pm because of a problem not on the swim list, I don't mention the pool at all when i poke my head you say the pieces of skin are black the day was very dirty we said let's go to the sea for your information the shuttles end at 4. The last return trip is at 6. Although transportation is difficult, except for own vehicle, we knew that transportation to. the sea was a shuttle, but here I want to emphasize that the clock is fast. Finally, attention should be paid to the cleaning of the rooms. We used the sheets we brought. The idea of ​​a fruit plate sent as an apology on the second day of the hotel was nice, but I was very annoyed that it was left in our room, even though we pressed the "Do not disturb, no trespassing" button on the sign to prevent anyone from entering our room. Frankly, if there are no rules to be followed, then I don't understand why they put a "Do Not Disturb" sign there to ensure compliance. 64. Comment: We came for a family vacation with check-in at 14.09 and check-out at 19.09. The welcome was not good, the room was clean and ready, it was nice. Thanks to Mrs. Heybet, who is in charge of cleaning the rooms, we were delighted every morning with her smiling face and openness to communication. I think they were careless because they thought the food was insufficient and weak and that it was the end of the season. Mr. Mehmet Akif, who is responsible for the pita and etli breads, has a friendly face and great service. It is very nice that he is interested in the chef of the restaurant, Mehmet, and asks if you need anything at the tables. We came to an Islamic hotel, it is very bad that he offered a tattoo as a reward to my brother who won the pool game. I don't think it's appropriate for them to put leftovers from the day on their night meal. It is surprising that there are no treats such as chips and snacks available at the evening shows and ceremonies for adults (they were available at many hotels I have visited in the past). I asked for a drink from the lady who served drinks in the restaurant section. She can't concentrate on serving drinks because she's busy on the phone. The cats in the dining room were a problem throughout the holiday, there are excessive bees in the dining room, it's quite disturbing Be sure to try the Cherry abla in the pancakes and bagels section, it's amazing. What I want to mention again when I finish my words; I would like to thank Mr. Mehmet Akif, Mr. Mehmet, Ms. Heybet and Ms. Kiraz. 65. Yorum: We stayed between 8. a 13. July. The service and attention of the staff at the hotel was very good. The rooms were comfortable and convenient, having a washing machine was thoughtful, thank you for that too. The food was good, but the grills and desserts are sometimes prepared in a very careless way. I also loved the poolside snacks, but it bothered me that most places served boycotted drinks. The sea was a bit rocky but pleasant. It was very good that the pools were both open and closed, but some of the women in the mixed pool dress revealingly and should be warned. The pastry shop was very nice, the products were of high quality and tasty. I have been to many hotels and have not found anything better than this one in terms of amenities. Big thanks go especially to the animation team. Generally speaking, the hotel was very nice, but it would be better if you were careful about some matters. We enjoyed it, we hope to go again next year, we hope you and your family will go in peace. 66. Yorum: Unfortunately, our experience staying at the Modern Saraylar Hotel was far beyond our expectations. The cleanliness of the rooms was quite poor; Incomplete towels were provided every day, there was hair on the floor and sand built up in the shower. The women's beach was also poorly maintained. We wanted to play volleyball, but the volleyball was worn out and stuffy. The animation team tried their best but this situation was beyond their control as even the new ball was considered too female by the management. 67. Yorum: To explain in detail, it was a hotel that really exceeded our expectations, the rooms were very nice and there was a washing machine in the rooms to hang the laundry every day Renewed and filled, it was really good in terms of cleanliness, there was so much in the food section kinds for breakfast and dinner a great selection, all kinds of snacks, desserts and drinks you can eat and drink 24/7, unlimited As for the pool area, the only thing that bothered us was the excess chlorine in the pool, that's why I got sick and mine. the eyes could not see at all after entering the pool. It was so chlorinated that day, I can only give a minus point for this aspect of the pool and the depth of the pool was a bit short for us, could have been deeper. There were two mixed pools, 2 pools for women, one indoor, one open and one for men, there were many options, the children's pool was already very nice, it is not a walk to the sea, but it is half way there, the Denizli shuttle was very rocky and stony . My wife was injured there and there were accidents that required first aid the service is unlimited and was very good in terms of cleanliness as I said it is a hotel we would choose again. At the same time, the hotel staff was very attentive and friendly. especially Mrs. Rüzgar who welcomed us at the reception, thank you very much, don't be fooled by the bad comments, you can go there with peace of mind. 68. Comment: Dear Modern Palace Family, I have come to your hotel 4 times. First welcome Ms. Gözde Tahsin and others with your manager Ms. Gökben. very satisfying your waiters Salih. Beyza. the news beasts and more And your dining room team has nothing to complain about. As my family we were happy We will come again if the prices are reasonable. 69. Yorum: Above all, I want readers to know what they want. 1- The food in the hotel was excellent and varied, I can say that the food was excellent. 2- The animation team was very good, especially the animation director was very understanding and did a good organizational job. I would like to thank him in particular. 3 - The room and hotel were generally clean and the staff were adequate and friendly. 4- It can be said that the hotel is generally family-run. It is a great hotel for those who want to relax and spend time with family. 5-Here I will talk about the negative aspects. First of all it is far from the beach and the bus service was very bad, it is very bad that in the summer months it runs every half hour, it should be every 10 minutes and 15 minutes and the bus service was very bad, I have to say again. Another problem is that the number of sunbeds in the hotel is really low, when I went for breakfast in the morning, every sunbed was full of towels, especially in the family pool. 70. Yorum: We had the opportunity to spend 4 days of vacation in modern palaces, everything was really beautiful; -Friendly staff -There is a lot of variety in the restaurants and cafes by the pool and it is always fresh and tasty. - Rooms were cleaned every day and clean towels were left and daily drinks were placed in the rooms. -There were different activities every day and evening -Yes, the sea is not within walking distance and they emphasize this already at the first booking There is constant service, we had no problems in this regard. I don't know what else people expect from people who have negative comments. Of course, in a large hotel where thousands of people spend their holidays, there can inevitably be minor flaws that I think can be ignored. I would like to thank the modern employees and business owners for everything, we hope to have a longer vacation next year... 71. Comment: The hotel staff is very friendly. I especially noticed the animation team, who are always very helpful. Esra, Gülşen, Emirhan and Ali Abi were very nice people and always treated us friendly. A number of events took place on the women's beach. We participated in volleyball, darts and various competitions. What I didn't like was the food selection. Unfortunately, the same thing happened every night. There were also many rocks on the shore that could hurt you. 72. Yorum: First of all, the staff was very nice. We would also like to thank Batuhan and Emirhan from the animation team. The variety and taste of the food was very good, but the rooms need maintenance. The disadvantage is that my hotel is far from the sea. Activities for adults can be varied (e.g. summer cinema). Wife didn't like that ladies beach opens at 10am. 73. Comment: It was the worst hotel I have ever been to. Our holiday started with an unhappy and stagnant facial expression from the reception staff. The first thing we encountered when we entered the room: A broken toilet flush. We were able to get a technician to come a thousand times by calling the front desk and were not happy with the result. It is a great pity that even our offer to change the room was not respected and they ignored us saying that it will be fixed by flushing the toilet two or three times! It was annoying that my throat was dry because of the salt and bread in the food and there was no drink in the fridges except water buttermilk and turnips. Additionally, we didn't see any of the food options listed on the website. (Sushi, etc.?) We were also very sorry about the size of the women's beach. I was all bruised and hurt because of the rocks and stones in the sea. On the first day, the lady "lifeguard" whistled at us and did not allow us to go forward. What big nonsense? I assume swimming was banned before you hit the limit? Even the name of the hotel was a joke. I still don't understand their "modern" concept. Also, when I was sleeping in my room in the morning, a male cleaner entered my room and suddenly closed the door (I definitely didn't have the light on!) We thought it was ridiculous that we had to eat the patisserie's desserts in front of the patisserie. In general we heard that the guests we spoke to were not satisfied and we will definitely be your first and last customers. 74. Yorum: Hi, I was on vacation at your hotel on the 29th. 09., 10. 24. The kitchen, the food is excellent, the staff is nice, the cleaning of the room is very good, thanks to Mr. Mustafa, friends. 75. Comment: Very excellent hotel. I was really impressed, especially the staff are very attentive. The cleaner (I don't know her name but 🥲) Ms. Nur at the reception and Ms. Gülşen from the Animation team are possibly the nicest people in the world. Especially the activities that Ms. Gülşen had at the sea were excellent and she wanted to join us… 🫠 To give another example, water was leaking from the fountain in our room and they immediately directed technical service to our room and they take care of everything right away. He should definitely come again. 🤌🏻 76. Yorum: We were extremely satisfied with the vacation we spent at Modern Palaces and have chosen this hotel for the second time. The hotel rooms were spacious, clean and very comfortable. The friendly service and sincere help of the staff at all times made our vacation even more special. The meals were very satisfying both in terms of taste and variety. However, what made this holiday truly memorable was the energetic animation team. They helped us spend every evening to the fullest with the activities they prepared. Throughout the day, they managed to entertain and cheer everyone up at the pool and on the beach with their never-ending energy. We would especially like to thank the animation team in the ladies' pool and Mr. Emir, who added color to our vacation with activities on the beach. It is an ideal hotel for those who want to both relax and spend pleasant time with their family. Definitely recommend! 77. Yorum: BEWARE OF CHILDREN, ESPECIALLY THE BALCONIES ARE A LOT OPEN, PUT ON YOUR HEAD, ESPECIALLY THOSE WHO HAVE CHILDREN A FEW YEARS OLD. Now I can continue my comment. He takes the hesitancy out of you and really welcomes us as hosts. I have never seen such a sincere welcome in a hotel. I stayed four nights and didn't experience anything that made me unhappy or nervous. The bad thing is that the space for live music is very small, the live music should continue in the amphitheater and two to three waiters should take care of it as backup, the service is very cold, some food can be dirty, like in any hotel, but the overall cleanliness and hygiene is very good, apart from that it has a lot to praise, it is admirable that they use the ayran brand, the drinks are of good quality, the Uludag brand and others are also excellent. I don't eat much food, but whatever I ate was delicious. The desserts don't have any fancy peanuts added, they just have walnuts and are delicious, I think it's a fair presentation and that's enough for me. As a building, it doesn't look very luxurious, but the rooms are different from a hotel room, it's like I'm at a friend's place, they're very big and spacious, the air conditioning is very good and top notch. Will I come again? Yes, why shouldn't I come? The sea is also beautiful. 78. Yorum: We stayed as a family and left with a pleasant holiday experience. First of all, the lady who cleans the rooms in the blog does her job very well, the rooms were spotless and the animation team was fun. Everything was very good I am considering choosing it again. The only downside is that if a normal park were placed instead of an amusement park, the children would spend more time there. Most of the amusement park equipment would not work. 79. Yorum: A hotel like Fenerbahce, which turns 3 stars into 5 stars, when we turned on the air conditioner in the room, the inside of the room smelled of barbecue and was raw. It took them 2 days to resolve the issue with our room card. The broken pieces of glass from the sliding bathroom door in front of the fire exit were not picked up by the children for 2 days despite our warning! I think it is very shameful to wait for the cleaners to collect broken glass. The food was not good, had no taste or was not well cooked. In the cafe, the men took off the TV remote control because they were broadcasting the match from their phones to TV Run away, there is no sport in the hotel! The price we pay is too high compared to the quality! See you again!!!!! 80. Yorum: Dear family of modern palaces; First of all we would like to thank you for your sincere and warm welcome, your hospitality made us feel at home during our family vacation. Your food, room cleaning and friendly staff were very valuable to us. Watching the sunset at the beach cafe was amazing. We went to famous places in many cities to see the sunset, this was the most beautiful for me. A private beach for women in the forest and constant food and drink service created a comfort zone for women within Islam. It was a wonderful holiday experience where we gathered beautiful memories with his environment prepared with Islamic sensibility, thank you for everything. 81. Comment: We left the hotel on June 29, 2024. Do not drive to this hotel. They do not have safe and controlled parking lots. Since there is no valet service, you park your car yourself. Someone broke into my vehicle, it is not clear who did it, there is no camera, the person they call an authorized person is so indifferent and lowly that he says 'Mr Ersin' you have insurance for me, take care of it. Some news about Kul There is a lot of construction going on around the hotel. Your vehicle can hit the digger at any time. Apart from this; . The rooms are thoroughly cleaned. There are many flies in the outdoor dining room. There are ants in most parts of the hotel. The beach part is very small. The sea is very dirty. The beach is not sandy, the bottom part is stony, especially children should wear slippers. Apart from these negativities we experience; . There are many types of food. There are many types of desserts, but most of them have cream. The food tastes good. The drink options are sufficient. The dining areas by the pool are adequate and the varieties are nice. The animation team is number 10, they are very good. The pools are clean. The indoor pool could be a little bigger. Enclosed spaces for women are sufficient and safe. 82. Yorum: Nice, spacious rooms, we had a family suite, hence 4 stars. The beach is further. You can go there every 30 minutes by shuttle bus. The environment is horrible, the very construction site or other hotel complexes. The only thing that was really great was that we had a washing machine in the room. It's really nice for families with children and you don't have to create mountains of laundry. Breakfast/food was ok, we would have liked a little more variety. 83. Yorum: We spent our vacation in modern palaces and I will list my experiences as positive and negative items; Negatives: -There are not enough parking spaces, so you have to park in front of the surrounding villas. - 16. June at 13:00 the weak security guard at the hotel entrance was disrespectful and unprofessional and addressed her as "you". -There were large rocks on most of the beach. He ended the holiday by making a 5-6 cm incision in my leg. (Must be fixed urgently.) -When you ask for something in the drinks and food departments around the pools, they tell you that it is not available in 10 minutes, then in 15 minutes, if you give the product ready, it will be negative. - I think the elevators fail daily, we were at 2. floor so we had no problems. - I think there should not be Coca Cola products in a halal hotel. -Tour staff who have tables in the passage from the lobby to the restaurant should not keep offering customers to come on tours (your table is written there in the ad, anyone who is interested will come and ask anyway). Positive aspects: - The food was very tasty - The beverage service at the pool and on the beach is quite good. - The animation team tries to keep everyone happy. -We look forward to competitions and activities for children. - Rooms are cleaned daily. -95 percent of employees are very caring and good. -After hitting a rock on the beach the medical services were very good and the medical department gave me first treatment. -The stranger standing at the entrance and at the door during dinner is very attentive and really sincere. - The people working at the reception are very attentive. So if we look at the total, the score of 8.1 written in the halal book accurately reflects the reality, if I had to rate it, I would give it an 8.1. I'm sending 5 stars from here, I believe the setbacks I mentioned will be resolved by our next vacation, good job. 84. Yorum: A place for a headache-free holiday. There are too many employees. There is animation in the pools and there are staff to check the children. The animation team is particularly good. There are many food options, watch your weight. A quality holiday destination for its price. For more you can pay 2 times and go for wome deluxe. Women-only and mixed pools and beaches offer a more family-friendly vacation. The aspects I criticized and wanted to correct are: 1. Don't let them burn the meatballs :) 2. There may be foods that are more local and come from different countries. Because there were a lot of foreigners there. 2. Pool and beach closing times may be extended by one hour. 85. Yorum: We leave this hotel very satisfied where we had a 1 week family holiday between 11. a 18. by October. All the hotel staff were really friendly, especially the staff named Ali, I think those who commented negatively about the hotel are unfortunate characters. The food and drink is clean and the lobby has a large seating area. We left the hotel happy as a family. We plan to spend our next vacation here. 86. Yorum: As of today, we left the hotel. As someone who has previously vacationed in many conservative concept hotels, I wanted to point out the positives and negatives I saw at the hotel. Positive aspects of the hotel + The staff took responsibility for the work and we did not receive any negative treatment. + The cleaning of the room is very good We would like to thank once again the housekeeper in block A, Mrs. Semra. + Having two pools in the hotel is very good for families and men. + There are two separate parts of the hotel's family beach and women's beach on the beach. + The snack after dinner, both in the sea and in the pool, was very good. + It had too many cafes, which is not easy to see even in very big hotels. + Wifi service throughout the hotel was excellent, we did not experience any problems with the internet. + I was especially pleased that I don't see much Israeli products. Negatives + Although the hotel is located approximately 2 km from the sea and has a shuttle service, this can be a disadvantage. + The area around the hotel is like a construction site. + In terms of sports, there is nothing more than a mini pitch with scattered carpets. + There were a lot of flies, especially in the dining room, and we were tired of chasing them away from the food. + Even though this is a restaurant, so a pool for men, women are always inside and no one gave any warning. + The food, especially breakfast, was very poor, I bought pancakes and a bagel, both were doughy, there was a wide variety of poacas but there was no information about what was inside, it shouldn't be hard to write. this one, the dessert was unbelievably average, I can say we didn't eat it at all for 6 days. + Lunches and dinners were excellent, but we also saw uncooked meat here, so I think there is a shortage of cooks. In general, the points awarded to the hotel were around 8 on holiday sites and I can say that the service was close to this score. 87. Yorum: Today is our first day at Modern Palaces After a long journey we were a little disappointed that the hotel, beach and food were not in the shape and quality as seen in the photos. For a detailed explanation: The ladies beach is 5 minutes from the hotel which is good, the sea water weather is also very nice, but in the photos it is advertised as sandy, but the reality is full of pebbles, not artificial or thin pebbles.. There is a so called dress code on the women's beach, but we actually went today and all were no different from other normal beaches in terms of dress code, there were very few people wearing hijabs and even swimwear. What is sold as an Islamic concept is actually very far from Islamic rules, it is sad that the place for women is surrounded on all sides by extremely cheesy, tattered cheetah, whoever wants can watch from the constant cheetahs… Men are paragliding comfortably on the beach, without nerves, it is a private space reserved for women... There is no men's beach, only a pool and mixed beach facilities. They take your phone at the entrance, but any stranger can drag you through the cheetah holes. As for the food, the biggest disappointment... There is a lot of food, but 85% of it tastes average and lacks quality. Their cakes are even worse quality, I tried to eat more fruit... after all, it doesn't hurt. The food looks amazing on Instagram and on his page, but it has nothing to do with reality… I'll leave you with a few sample photos for your consideration. The cleaning is also average, you will find flies, insects, lizards and food crumbs everywhere. The rooms are clean and do not look old. Liquid hand soap was not replenished... that's not a problem. The staff are generally helpful and friendly during transactions that were not expected. Don't be fooled by writing "All inclusive" and "Ultra inclusive" because they don't explain on their site that you have to pay separately to use the spa.... and all ultra inclusive is a special situation for a hotel. One of the most disturbing things about the hotel is that it is a family hotel, the marketing of the Islamic concept is actually things that are constantly against Islam, for example, concert sounds coming into your bedroom all night, Disco sounds not stopping for hours, it is very sad, that people come to relax and how many people don't want to stay there because they are so-called Islamic Choose this place as a place... big mistake. Luckily we won't be staying more than 4 nights, we traveled 8-9 hours and decided to give it a try but we think it will definitely not be our second visit. 88. Yorum: We chose modern palaces for 1 week, it is definitely a place you should choose for children. As for the staff, they are generally good, but I have to mention that the manager Erin is very rude and doesn't know how to talk to customers, and the photographer friend Victory is very polite and helpful in every way. The people in the cafes were very nice, but the grocer in the hotel charges exorbitant prices for everything and is a rude person. As for the rooms they were very good in terms of cleanliness but the balcony door was very difficult to open and close I asked for help and they immediately directed someone to take care of it but we had the same problem again. 89. Yorum: We spent our vacation here with our family for the second time. The hotel management once again distinguished itself by its honesty. Compared to our first visit, the rooms were tidier, cleaner and more spacious. I would like to thank Mrs. Kadriye for her kindness and respect in this regard. Thank you to Ms. Rüzgar, who has been taking care of us regularly since our first visit, Mr. Gazi, who works in the lobby cafe, and Esra Güler from the animation team, who won our hearts both in the evening and at the pool, for their interest and care. Although the food was tastier when we first came, it was still adequate. In comparison, the desserts were average. On the other hand, the desserts from the pastry shop were amazing, as were the staff and chefs. The endless food adventure was generally admirable. The pools are nice but their staff alienates people. Every time we visit, the short haired woman from the massage team gives a scolding answer when you ask something and treats the customers horribly. In addition, on 06/22/2024 she was warned very badly by the maid at the ladies' pool, despite her initial statement that it was not hygienic, because before leaving the pool, mom drank the water we brought in the pool, because her heart was constricted, so it was the last, who talked about hygiene. In fact, the number of sunbeds was insufficient for the holiday crowd, both by the pool and by the sea. The waiters working at the pool cafe opposite the restaurant always answered very disrespectfully. The sea is sometimes rocky and the area is very small, but the cleanliness of the water, the amount of food in the sandy areas and the cleanliness of the area tolerate this. The fact that the hotel is located at the top will protect you from the heat and humidity of Alanya and allow you to spend a refreshing holiday. Although they generally have less problems, modern palaces have always been among our favorite hotels. 90. Yorum: First of all I would like to thank you for your service, the rooms were spacious. There was a problem with the toilet, they came twice at the same time. All the staff were bright but inexperienced young people and there was a bit of an imbalance in service. The hotel was overbooked due to the rooms given by the transfer of title. I expected better food. It was worth the money we paid. Because we made a reservation when there was a promotion. - non-observance of gender rules, inappropriate clothing, as in other Islamic hotels, Distance to the beach, dessert is definitely out of class. If you have been to hotels like (Adin,woom) you can dream This place may be broken but I think it is worth your money because it was twice the size of this place. I can't sully anyone. 91. Yorum: I can say that it is a hotel with full price and performance. First let me write about the positive aspects, I can say that the whole animation team works great, they are the ones who keep the whole hotel alive. Especially our brother Emirhan is very careful. The food and drinks are more than adequate and tasty. The meat dishes are very tasty, maybe there could be nuts, especially the evening cleaning of the room, the towels are renewed every day. The beach was not as rocky as I read in the comments, I think it is very easy to enter with sea shoes. I wouldn't say negative aspects, but aspects that need to be improved are that everything takes too many hours. pool opening time, aqua time, ice cream time, beach closing time, pastry shop time, pancake time, dinner time. The whole year we arrived exhausted from working life, and it bothered me that everything was so busy and we were constantly trying to catch up. It's ridiculous that the ice cream is on time in the summer and the beach closes at 6. 92. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 days in August, I would like to share the pros and cons to make it useful. The service staff is very dedicated and friendly, the rooms are clean and beautiful, new and even the first room we got was very dark and closed and they need to try the desserts, they always serve the same, they are insufficient and tasteless. Entertainment, animation, everything is full, you wonder what you can get, the pools and pool entertainment were again very nice, the refreshments are wide, you have everything to fill your eyes and stomach. The sea is so beautiful and clean, there are no waves, it was like a pool especially for families with children, the sea is sandy and very few stones, no problem ☺️ As for the minuses, it is not by the sea, you go to and from the hotel shuttle service, with children it it can be a little boring when you go to rest in the room, you want to look outside and see the sea and the greenery. As for the location, it is in the construction site, around the construction building, dust and dirt, so the location is not good, besides, the hotel is full by itself myself, I'd rather not consider it, as far as location and distance to the sea? 93. Yorum: First I would like to talk about the location of the hotel. This hotel is definitely not a hotel you can choose by plane. It is very far from both airports once you get off the plane. It takes 2 hours to get from the airport to the area where the hotel is located. Buses run at regular intervals. You got off the bus by the roadside and if a taxi passes by, you wait for another taxi to pass by. You can reach the hotel by taxi. Check-in is at 15:00 and check-out at 11:00. If you arrive earlier, you will not be allowed in the room, but you can use the hotel facilities. If you are unable to check in yourself at the front desk, they will handle the process for you and then guide you through the hotel. The first days at the hotel were very nice, everything was as we wanted. By the way, the sea is 1 km away and you can go there by shuttles, as long as the aunties don't crush you. There is a ladies beach, indoor and outdoor pools and communal family pools. Since it is an Islamic concept, it causes a lot of aunties to flock to the hotel. In many areas you come into conflict with your aunts and are attacked by them. The hotel is also widely used by Arabs and Germans. This allows you to suddenly find yourself in the culture of the neighborhood, especially since the Germans are very rude and do not know where and how to behave. I think there should be a balance and clear regulation on this issue. People also come to the event, there are so many of them, you can go to dinner in peace, but you can't stay calm, they attack everywhere. When buying food, they push other guests, finish all the drinks, stand in front of the queue without permission and shout. Even if there are special drinks and refreshments for them at the event, i.e. in the congress hall. They are everywhere and very annoying. Individuals attending an event should not be confused with guests staying at a hotel for the purpose of relaxation. Pros of the hotel; As an Islamic concept, the hotel fulfills your wishes very well, the food is very good and the various staff are very polite and caring. The rooms are clean, the communal pools are very nice because aunties can't enter :) The activities are nice and sufficient. Playgrounds, water slides and amusement parks keep them entertained. The food and drink stalls by the pool and by the sea are quite sufficient and tasty. The open buffet is nice, but due to the intense number of guests, you have to wait in line. The ladies beach is beautiful and the activities are fun and the friendly guys are very sweet and nice. They don't let phones in, which is a plus point for me. 94. Yorum: I really liked the modern hotel Palaces, everyone was very attentive, they were friendly, warm, from the breakfast to the rest rooms, everything was perfect, after breakfast and leaving for the sea, our room was routinely cleaned every day and the missing things were replaced, shampoos , shower gel, etc. Mrs. Rüzgar was very friendly with her customers, the staff at the pool cafe and also all the staff at the cafe were very attentive, I was impressed, they were warm and attentive, it was the fourth time and I am very pleased. 95. Comment: I definitely cannot recommend this hotel. We definitely do not deserve the proclaimed 5 stars. The food was disappointing and the rooms were less than pleasant The rooms were clean but not what I expected from a 5 star hotel. Some of the furniture was … 96. Yorum: Even one star is too much, It's a terrible hotel, I think those who commented have never been to another hotel before, we can say that on the day I came there was nothing to eat, fried potatoes, soup and pasta dining options ok but they take dirty towels and leave without leaving a new one, I experienced this every day, you have to call and ask and he came only after 3 calls, not in one call the door is broken, there is a table on the small balcony, but there is no table on the balcony of the big room I rented, today I called for coffee and milk in the room, they said they were sending it, and it was in the evening, still no coffee, no phone calls 5 times, too bad, the service is a disgrace , half the curtains were removed, I called the front desk and stated that I wanted to speak to a manager or someone in authority to complain. they said that you can complain here, that is, tell me your feelings so that the manager does not hear them. I recommend Selge to those who try this place, it's right by the sea, the service is clean, the food is different every day at the pool, stay away from the modern palaces, it's a waste of money, of course to those who have never been to another hotel before, call this place a hotel, try Selge Beach Resort, then come here and you will understand what I mean by the pool Sovan rings, potatoes, nothing else, 😂 I got a reply to my comment from this terrible place, I thought I wrote something wrong , the last two days before departure, I have given the room number C015, if there is a clerk, the boss will deny what I wrote, come to defend the hotel, no one should knock on my door in the last two days, he did not defend the hotel by why you wrote such a comment, I wrote this comment when I was two days away from departure why didn't you come 🤔 Let me also point out that if what I said was not true, it was a good hotel, we could eat well, drink well and have a good time, why should I feel bad, what's the use? , stop fooling people and give them their money. We don't give up our rights Let what we get🤲 97. Yorum: It was a hotel we chose based on a recommendation. As someone who has stayed in many hotels of this style before, I found this place to be average. It has a lot of opportunities, but it is not top notch. For example, their free drinks are too sweet, their ice cream is too tasteless, their food is too much, but they mostly serve chicken products. I stayed here for 3 days, but I didn't see grilled meat for a single day. They always grilled chicken and most of it was served uncooked. 98. Yorum: I came to stay in a hotel that I experienced for the first time last year and this year my vacation continues. 3. on the day of the holiday, the cleaning that I wanted in the room was definitely not done, the garbage bags were changed, in addition, the hygiene and cleaning of the room, the bed, the toilet, the bathroom and other areas in the room were not provided. I talked to my friends at the front desk for 1 hour to solve the problem. 3. the day off i lost my appetite because of such simple things. I would consider it again next year for vacation, definitely not... 99. Yorum: Modern palaces are located in a wonderful place with a lot of oxygen, I am very happy, God willing, we would like to thank our chefs and waiters, especially in the kitchen department, and the entertainment every night was great. Our brother Ihsan in the live music section was amazing 👍👍 100. Yorum: We organized our academy in Alanya for business. The conference room was lovely and supportive and suited all needs. Since I am a genetic engineer and working on a project in the field of women's health, I made my presentation with a very comfortable background. Cinevision was enough. The sound system was nice. For this, we provided hotel service support. Thank you very much. Regarding transportation, Avsallar is an out of town hotel but has facilities. After the airport, the Havaş service continues to the bus terminal. That's good. Mrs. Muazzez was very helpful if you informed the hotel in advance that you will arrive by plane. Thank you from here, but I informed you late. They also support Shuttle service if you give them 1 week notice. I couldn't log in early this morning. It is important to check in in the morning. Although there were some issues with my room, we finished it. The rooms are clean and safe. I liked the sea view. We met the assistant in the room. I would like to express my gratitude to the lovely Ms. Feryat. I would like to thank the relevant administrative staff. Mrs. Feryat Güzel is a beautiful, hardworking, careful lady with a smiling face and sincerity. My room was spotlessly clean and met my every need. What I liked about the hotel was the mini kitchen and mini bar which suited my needs. Aqua entertainment for children and other services caught my attention. There was a mini bar and it was possible to access all the food. There is a separate, conservative and safe beach for women. For this reason, it is nice that the hotel management has provided a shuttle service as its location is far from the sea. The food theme was rich in my opinion. You can find all products during the day. Since I'm a gluten-free vegetarian myself, I couldn't try many of their dishes, but my close friends enjoyed them. There was a nice space in the mini club which started at 2pm after the meal and this place attracted my attention. We wanted the blueberry and orange cocktails to cool down and continue our conversation, Mr. Ergin who professionally prepared it for us was very attentive. I thank him personally. He presented it to us immediately. Great service. Thank you very much Mrs. Ebru, Mrs. Sevim, Mrs. Gül in the restaurant We spent 3 days in a family atmosphere. We had a great time at our academy and on our vacation. Thank you for providing such opportunities. It was a great vacation. I will visit again. Regards 101. Yorum: Hi Ladies' beach was beautiful, you can go there and back by bus, the rooms are cleaned every day, I recommend Ms. Deniz and Ms. İnci for the good news 👍 102. Yorum: I don't know what it would be like without General Manager İsmail Bey. I think the only thing that makes this place stand out is that it treats its guests as guests, not customers, and works hard to make sure they have a peaceful vacation (Imagine he was in the hotel even at 2am ). It depends a bit on what you expect from your holiday, of course if you want to swim in the pool every minute and eat all the time, this is a 10/10 hotel. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's a conservative hotel, it's just that there's no alcohol. It would be more accurate to say that it is an alcohol-free hotel. This is our second visit, the first time we had more fun when there were no activities etc. This year, although the entertainment was top notch, we didn't find it fun due to the age of the people and the large number of children. The pools close very early, it's like life ends at 6pm. A shuttle will take you to the sea, the sea is beautiful, but the trip there ends at 6:00 PM. By the way, there is no parking, but there is a 7-8 parking lot in front of the hotel, which is not closed anyway, and other vehicles park where they can find them. Since the road to the hotel was not paved, the color of the car turned brown due to the dust and mud. If you are civilized people who are careful to use forks and spoons when eating, forks were invented by the Italians in the 11th century. century, you can witness that our beloved monks here ate everything with their hands (see, this is not an exaggeration, literally EVERYTHING). It is tempting for some and depressing for others. If you're newlyweds and don't want disco musko, that's great. Especially if you're confused about the baby and think it's too soon, let's take care of ourselves, travel around, etc., you'll have a better understanding of why you say it's too soon for a baby. Have a nice holiday! 103. Yorum: We stayed two days, with check-in on the 30th. august In short, I regret not choosing this place until now. The hotel's location, cleanliness and food are excellent. The beach is very beautiful. We regret not buying it for a long time. Write next year, I hope to stay longer. The sea is beautiful, completely sandy, there is a restaurant on the beach, there are places to eat and drink everywhere in the hotel. There are activities by the pool and every evening. We left very satisfied. Thank you to the modern palace family. 104. Yorum: We stayed in a family suite. Our room was beautiful. The daily cleaning of the room is carried out sparingly, but it is sufficient. Our balcony was beautiful, but the neighborhood was full of construction. Offshore services are active and that's a good thing in that respect. Visual pollution near the mosque must be removed immediately. The food is not attractive or tasty enough, but it tastes good. The breakfast is very insufficient. We couldn't get enough of the menemen and omelettes. No waste but the food should be fresher. There was no taste of salt in the pastry. Constant meat meals etc. It was satisfying in that regard, but the visuals were lacking. The biggest takeaway for me was that they don't sell or buy Israeli products, but the frozen ice creams were out of date. The food served in the cafe in the mixed pool, chicken and liver, was very average, I couldn't eat it, I gave it to the cat every time I bought it. Your stuffing is amazing, have it with every meal. The coast of Karışık beach is small and the sea is a bit rocky. I'm 24 years old, I brought my mom and my brother, it didn't really appeal to me, but they had fun. I have also met people in their 40s and over who come regularly and are very happy that they came for the first time and that it exceeded my expectations. The programs were very good, they did more than they promised. The hotel owner is obviously trying to take care of his hotel as much as he can. We were here during vacation. It was good for the price and performance, but if the food was a little more visual, delicious and varied, it would have been excellent. 105. Yorum: Disappointing stay at Modern Saraylar Luxury Hotel in Alanya I recently spent a few days at Modern Saraylar Luxury Hotel in Alanya and would like to share my experience. Eat: The food was mostly cold and left a lot to be desired. The selection was limited and the quality of the food was not up to the expected level. Facilities: The rooms are obviously getting old. The paint was peeling everywhere and the beds were uncomfortable. Furniture such as tables and chairs also show significant signs of wear and tear and could use updating. Pool area: Right next to the lounge is the pool, drink bar and dining area. Due to its location in the middle of the hustle and bustle, this pool is rarely used as it offers little privacy. Service: The staff should be highlighted positively. The staff was always friendly and helpful and tried to make the stay as pleasant as possible. Conclusion: Overall, the hotel does not leave a good impression. It is in urgent need of renovation to make guests have a comfortable stay. Unfortunately, due to the mentioned points, I cannot recommend Modern Saraylar Luxury Hotel. 106. Yorum: Our first entry to the hotel was welcome, the lady at the reception greeted us with a smile, the hotel environment, our family room, was clean, the food was average, the beach and sea clean and protected, the drinks were excellent, the mini bar was replenished every day , thanks to the family of modern palaces for Herzegovina, we will choose it again. 107. Yorum: My wife and I live in a hotel between 8. a 13. in May and now we are still in the hotel. First, I want to say the following. The density of Arab customers is really high and the excessive noise of children in the areas of the pool, lobby and restaurant hurt us a lot. Reception and reception staff were very attentive and relevant. I would like to thank the nurse at the clinic department in the hotel. I had excellent care. The food in the restaurant is very varied and everyone can buy what they want, the desserts in the Ülker cafe are very fresh and tasty. The cleanliness of the room is good, the environment is clean and the landscaping is nice. The location is a bit far from the sea, but that shouldn't be a problem. The live music was nice, we enjoyed it a lot. Social activities can be further improved. The waiter and service staff were very friendly and polite. The snack bar in the mixed pool is more than enough to eat and drink Pancakes in the bar in the indoor pool were delicious. Overall it was a nice vacation experience for us, if those who want to come have any questions, they can call the hotel and get information. We wish everyone a good holiday. 108. Comment: Recommended from the heart! For your solo vacation (19.05. - 28.05.2024) I chose the Modern Saraylar hotel. I felt very comfortable in the hotel, there was a friendly atmosphere. The staff in all areas of the hotel were always friendly and considerate of the guests. The hotel was very clean and the staff worked hard to keep it clean. The variety of food and drink was sufficient and the food was mostly tasty. The hotel offered different activities for large groups every day, spread out throughout the day. These activities were for adults and children (mini-disco, balloon show, live music, ladies' matinee, Cappadocia night, Sıra night, magic show, family competitions (hotel version), Turkish folk dance show). A big thanks goes to Mr. Özer, the Animation team manager who organized all these activities, and his teammates who helped him. In addition, some games such as okey can be rented for smaller groups. However, I did not like the location of the hotel. The hotel is not by the sea. It was located far from the main street which seemed to be under construction. Many buildings around it were under construction. Due to the location of the hotel, transport options were very limited. To get out of the hotel, you must have your own vehicle or use facilities such as taxis or beach shuttles. If you want to use public transport, you should go down to the main street. The beach shuttle departs every half hour and at specific times. The sea water is crystal clear, you can even see your own shadow on the bottom of the sea while swimming. However, as the women's part of the beach is extremely rocky, I recommend wearing beach shoes. Happy holidays to those thinking of going. 109. Comment: Naše 5. night in the hotel. The hotel is generally nice. The staff are attentive and friendly. When we first arrived at the hotel, our intern Dilek introduced us to the hotel very well. However, the mixed children's pool is only heated in the evening, which is a big minus for us. The sun hits the pool well after noon and is not enough to warm the room. There really has to be a solution to this. But everything is nice, be it the food or the pools. The options for evening entertainment for children are quite wide. Emirhan and Batuhan from animation helped us a lot, they are very successful. Thank you for everything. 110. Yorum: First of all, when evaluating in terms of price and performance, I think it performs above the price compared to hotels in this region. We would like to thank Mrs. Ferye for the satisfactory cleaning of the room. Sister Kiraz's pancakes are very good. Their … 111. Yorum: I'm writing this with all honesty, it's just a terrible hotel. Firstly, the location of the hotel is very remote, the road is completely rocky and the construction area is full of dust. There is no parking here. We had to park the car on the side of the road. When we entered the hotel, we were greeted by the head of HR, whose name was Rüzgar. I want to talk about his attitude, which I don't like. He said with a frown that he compared me to his customer who was already staying at the hotel. When we said that we came to this hotel for the first time, he approached us with prejudice. I was also very surprised that he would say such a thing and found it ridiculous. That's why his welcome didn't seem sincere at all. Anyway... Their food was literally like hospital food. I don't need to tell you about the desserts, they tasted terrible and were too sweet. The variety was very, very limited. They put food coloring cakes on them so our room was very small and when we walked into the room it smelled like bleach. Hair was flying everywhere. They only put fruit juice, soda and 2 waters in the minibar. There was no mattress protector or rubber sheets on the bed. They threw a casual sheet over the bed. Also the bed was very yellow, we slept on a shabby bed, it was very bad. If I had never been to a hotel before, I would probably like this place, but it is not a 5 star hotel. We could only stay 2 days in this non-hostel hotel. We wanted to stay 2 more days but... There was zero interest, no one even asked if you were satisfied or if you needed anything. This is a business that is worried about the money they get, they should treat Arabs decently but we Turkish citizens are in the background, this is a hotel I will never choose. We came all the way from Eskişehir, but we regretted coming. Finally, I would like to end my comment with a word from our place. "I'm sorry, I'm going back to the hotel" 112. Yorum: Our second visit to the hotel, just checked out. We really enjoyed the concerts during the holidays. In general, we were very satisfied with the food, service and activities. One of the pluses is the interest and dedication of the staff. We felt at home. I'd like to thank everyone, especially Sister Cherry at Pancakes, Mrs. Rüzgar in Public Relations, and the gentleman who makes pita bread at the family beach. My siblings stayed at the hotel last month on our recommendation and it was a hotel they were happy with. God willing, we would like to go again next year with my big family. I wish those who are leaving happy holidays. 113. Yorum: Hello, we stayed in your hotel for 6 nights as a family of 4. Positives - Definitely very successful in food and drink - the staff are concerned - the animation team is great - We would also like to thank Mrs. Rüzgar at the reception for her attention and care. - Aunt Kiraz's pancakes are legendary -There is no such thing as starving when you go to the sea Various dishes are available from 12 to 16. -We would also like to thank my brother Ahmet in the animation team. -You won't have time to get bored with the activities -Thank you to all our staff Cons - the beds in the room are very old -There was nothing we could do to prevent the smell of the toilet. - The pool where Aqua was located was very crowded and very dirty. - 114. Yorum: ⭐️ Animation team ⭐️ Kitchen team ⭐️ Staff and service ⭐️ Various tasty dishes ⭐️ Sira night is held every Friday It was our first visit to the hotel, we were very satisfied and had an unforgettable holiday. We would like to thank the staff at the hotel entrance and Mrs. Rüzgar and Özgür for their attention and hospitality. Friendly and helpful staff, food, types of food at Sira night and breakfast in the morning were very nice. It was very nice to have both indoor and outdoor pools for the ladies. The ladies beach was just perfect. If you want to go to the beach, a car leaves the hotel every 15 minutes. It is a very quiet beach. The mini disco and the animation team were great, the whole family had fun and we had unforgettable evenings. We enjoyed entertaining evenings with various shows and no need to leave the hotel. I salute the head of animation Mr. Özer, he does his work very carefully and beautifully, and Mrs. Sema accepts her work and does it with joy. We would like to thank each and every one of them. Employees working in cafes take care of customers patiently and with a smile. Thanks to the entire Modern Palaces family. I hope to see you again ♥️🇹🇷🇩🇰 Greetings from the people of Konya ✋🏼 115. Yorum: We stayed in their Bungolow between June 16-20. There is a difference between a hotel and a bungalow. And that, the Hotel is 1.5-2 km from the beach and there is a shuttle service for those who want to swim. The bungalows are on the coast and in the Incekum natural forest. Those who prefer bungalows can use the sea and the restaurant on the beach. He cannot use any hotel services (hotel restaurant, pool, gym, activities, etc.) Because we wanted to be in touch with nature and swim in the sea, we chose the bungolow, we are glad we did. BUNGALOWS: It was clean, it was nice to have a washing machine and a dishwasher. (-)Unfortunately, the biggest mistake was that the cleaning service did not visit for 4 days. The sheets were not changed, the garbage was not taken out. SEA: The beach reserved for women was much more beautiful than the beach reserved for men and families :) it was clean, covered and the border in the sea was well guarded. In some places they set the boundaries when the water is almost up to their knees. Music, zumba, sports services and races are organized on the beach. The snack section on the women's beach was no different from the snack section on other beaches. The sinks were as clean as I've seen in any hotel / caravan site. They cleaned every minute. They are sensitive about not taking their phones to the beach and that was an important issue. Please report those who try to break the ban. Those who prefer bungalows can choose a meal from the à la carte menu at the beach restaurant. Breakfast and dinner were very good. There were many products that we didn't buy because they would go to waste. (-) The only problem in the restaurant is the problem with the service. Even though it wasn't busy, the service was very slow. We called to try the restaurant in the hotel but the answer was negative, I expected them to be a little more flexible on this issue. As a result, if I had the right to vacation I would choose this place again, if they take constructive criticism into account, it will be an incredible vacation destination. A great choice for conservative people. I will recommend it to everyone. Thanks. 116. Yorum: We come every year and we left happy, the pancake was delicious, the desserts are fresh, the hotel is very clean, the pools are useful, the snack bar is always fresh and delicious, thank you to all the hotel staff, thank you to Mrs. Gözde who took care of us in the hotel she cared. 117. Yorum: Modern Palaces Hotel attracts us every year with its beautiful and wonderful pages, just like a magnet attracts iron. A spiritual atmosphere that cannot be found in other hotels is combined with a sweet breeze blowing from the forest. This rare hotel where decent people meet in an atmosphere of respect, tolerance and kindness will be appreciated by everyone with its dedicated, friendly and tireless staff. My friends, who have driven 2000 km with their private vehicles every year since opening, better understand the value of this place. The money changer knows the value of gold. Only those who come on vacation know the value of this hotel. Modern Palaces Hotel is a rare hotel where respectable people meet in a spiritual atmosphere. We had a week holiday as a family in this hotel where hundreds of staff provide dedicated and friendly service. We couldn't get enough of the beauty of the holiday. A variety of delicious dishes to appeal to every palate, waiters serving tea, coffee, etc. until 12 o'clock. It cannot be expressed in words that the atmosphere is filled every evening with the service of cold and hot drinks and various activities accompanied by various artists. I would recommend it to everyone. If I have the chance, I would like to come again next year. 118. Comment: The rooms are clean and suitable for a family. It has everything from a washing machine, dishwasher and cupboards to suit all needs. But it's not really necessary. The food is very rich and tasty. Snack bars also work well. Only between 14:00 and 16:00 is it difficult to get food, so you shouldn't starve at that time. The animation could have been a little more aimed at children. Mixed pools are used by fewer people and are cleaner. The pool with slides is more crowded but pleasant. You can get to the beach by shuttle. There is a beautiful little cove in the national park, 5 minutes away. The sea is clean and without waves, so it is very suitable for small children. There is also plenty of food and refreshments. The price/performance ratio is good. 119. Yorum: First of all I would like to thank Ms. Feryatova for the cleanliness of our rooms, then Ms. Mizgin in the dining room, Ms. Rojda and of course her other teammates Ersin Chef and his team at the restaurant Mr. Vasiy and his other teammates at the reception and of course all the staff working in the hotel who contributed to our pleasant and comfortable stay. We spent a nice and pleasant vacation with our friends at the hotel. Those who want to stay at Modern Palaces will not regret it. 120. Yorum: Please don't cause trouble by misleading people. People who have no idea about the hotel make their vacation decisions based on the comments here. Before that, my family and I stayed twice in different years in modern palaces. We will stay again as 3 families in 10 days. There is not a single negative thing to say about the variety and taste of the dishes. There is sure to be a dish that suits everyone. Yes, the hotel is not directly on the beach, but everyone knows that anyway. So it's not a surprise, besides the sea is very beautiful. The only negative thing you can say is that there are few parking spaces for cars, but the room is somehow solved. As someone who has stayed in other hotels before, this year our choice is once again the modern palaces. 121. Yorum: It was the hotel we came to for the first time. Thanks to the staff and animators. They were really very friendly and honest. We did not experience any situation that was uncomfortable for us. Don't be fooled by the fact that you can go to the sea by bus and it is worth going to the sea. Even though it was a holiday, we didn't wait in line for food like in other hotels, which was important. The quality of food and service was also good. We recommend it to everyone. We would also like to thank Mrs. Rüzgar for her interest in introducing us and helping us in and out. 122. Yorum: I deleted the comment I wrote before because I thought it was a bit harsh, I want to write a new comment, I wanted to take a second vacation because I thought it would be motivation for my preschool daughter. the prices of the islamic hotels that i have experienced before and was satisfied with were very high, while the modern palaces were half the price, i chose this place because the hotel was very crowded, the dedication of the staff was actually obvious, but you could also see that that they were not satisfied, I just suggest that the management should adopt approaches that will motivate their employees Cleaning products left in the rooms Faucets and lamps with photocells that do not go off should also be technically good the women's beach should be cleaned of stones and on the page should there should have been a warning about rocks. They are criticisms so that what is necessary to correct them can be done, rather than complaints. 123. Yorum: We were in this hotel for the first time. I regret to say that the holiday far exceeded our expectations. We were disappointed that everything was cheap, dirty dishes on plates, main courses served in coasters, and the ratio of food and beverage services in the ladies' section to those in the men's or mixed section was 3 out of 10. The fact that the mini amusement park reserved for children was only open for 2 hours a day (5-7pm) and half of it was not working disappointed our children. When I spoke to one of the managers at the hotel about this, I was neither heard nor given a proper response. The food was tasty but always looked the same. The drinks were not like 5 star hotel drinks. I regret to say that I do not think we will stay at this hotel again. 124. Yorum: It is a very nice hotel where we stayed between 26. June and 1 July. We were satisfied with all the activities in the hotel, room cleaning, food, breakfast and the restaurant on the beach. All the staff helped us with anything we asked for. It could be better if a few things could be fixed. For example, we didn't like the cats walking around the restaurant. During certain hours, there is also a pastry shop service, good service and a good idea, but sometimes the cakes run out quickly and are not replenished. They all take tea and sit at the tables outside the pastry shop They buy a cake but say the cake is ready and send it back. Overall, we were satisfied with the hotel for 5 nights and 6 days. A hotel to recommend to friends and return to again and again. 125. Yorum: It was a nice experience for us. I'm still staying at the hotel right now, it's our last day. Small setbacks were things I considered bad. But these were not things to consider. I would especially like to thank Yağmur customer representative Ms. He solved all our problems immediately and was very helpful. 126. Yorum: Hello everyone, we had a vacation at Modern Palaces Hotel in 2024, we are glad we chose this hotel. Cleanliness is number 10. The food was tasty, fresh and hot. I liked that there were separate pools for men and women. At the first reception, we were greeted by a friendly lady named Gözde. Every day there was good entertainment, programs for children and a ladies' matinee for the ladies. I would also like to thank the DJ who cheered us up by playing beautiful songs at the family pool. He ends up throwing the DJ into the pool, thank god we got to see him too (joke) 😂. Anyway, I won't digress, if it happens again, I will come again and choose this hotel again. I would like to thank everyone who contributed. 127. Yorum: We especially wanted to review this hotel, from which we left with sadness. It was the best among the halal concept hotels we went to. We were very satisfied. We and our children were very pleased that there was no extra charge for food, drink or cultural activities. It is nice that there is no room left for hunger or boredom. You have everything at your fingertips all the time. Its employees are also very successful. The attention of the ladies who are constantly at the entrance and try to introduce the hotel is especially great. I would also like to thank the hotel management for connecting us with valuable people like Nihat Hatipoglu. The mini club was very successful, it had a very pleasant animation team. Thank you to everyone who welcomed us as soon as we entered and always looked after us afterwards :) 128. Comment: Hello everyone... I would like to share my experience with the accommodation we stayed in B block 6. floor on 25/06/2024/30/06/2024 to make it useful for both business owners and guests coming to the hotel. Any comments etc. We made a hotel reservation for 2023/November without reading it, I was very scared after reading the comments written here a few days before arriving at the hotel. After reading many negative comments like "who said I can't find anything to eat, who said I definitely won't come here again, etc." If I hadn't made a reservation in advance, I probably would have been affected by these comments. I wouldn't come. To be honest, guests who comment should use their conscience and not violate anyone's rights I was very surprised that small things became such a big problem. Some comments are like this - ironically - "the hotel built a mosque, but the congregation in the mosque was not crowded, the hotel should increase the number of congregations" 😊 I am sharing my experience below, I hope it will be useful for everyone. In total; I came to this hotel for the first time this year and we will choose this hotel in the coming years and among my reasons for choosing it; 1-the perfection of the hotel room and the availability of a washing machine 2-the cleanliness and tranquility of the sea beach 3-delicious food 4-the presence of a separate mosque. 5 - various drinks. Among my suggestions and criticisms; They should increase the slides, expand the restaurant a bit more, solve the fly problem and improve the maintenance and hours of the amusement park. 129. Comment: The rooms were dirty. you had to wait for fresh beach towels every day and you only got them when the rooms were "cleaned", I was on holiday alone with my 1.5 year old daughter and had to empty the lift myself (which it was). full of … 130. Yorum: I first came to Modern Palaces with my family in 2017. The service, food and rooms were amazing. We came again in 2024 hoping for the same thing and most things disappointed us. Firstly, while the food was incredibly tasty in 2017, this year the chefs are preparing very tasteless dishes with very poor quality ingredients. Second, some of the staff, especially a bald gentleman with earrings who comes on stage in the amphitheater as the concert is about to start. He is very rude to guests, there is such a thing as applause, when applause is not enough, it is completely free, if you put your hands together, or if he says that if I do 1, the table on the right will clap if I do 2, if I do 3, the table on the left will clap , and when the table to the right starts clapping without making a 1, he says "You can't count, is that an offensive move?" We pay a lot of money to this hotel for a limited number of days and the treatment we get in return is sad. The animation team were the most attentive staff, they were very considerate and caring to the people who came to stay with them. In general, the facilities were good and there was an unlimited variety of food and drinks available from morning to evening. The sea was beautiful. The pools were also big enough. Hosting an event every night was fun and enjoyable. Generally the food is improved and some staff are warned and if they improve with these warnings it will be a nice hotel to stay. 131. Comment: Overall, we were satisfied. The food was very good and sufficient. In the beverage section, the hot drinks were fine, but the cold ones could be better quality and natural. All the staff are very friendly and caring. Pool cleaning was good. The rooms could be a little more maintained. The animation team, Mr. Özer, loves their job, but since there are Arab and Moroccan customers in the hotel, the events are generally aimed at them. Since it is far from the sea, it is accessible by shuttle. We had no problems during our stay, but you may not be able to find a place when the hotel is full. I thought the family beach was nice. Since the hotel was quiet again, we were the only ones on the beach after 4. hour, it wasn't too crowded before, but the beach is generally small. The price was a bit expensive compared to normal hotels but we preferred it as we are privacy sensitive. In general, it is not perfect, it has its flaws, but we do not expect perfect service. It adequately fulfilled our main reason for choosing it, so we shouldn't notice the minor flaws. I think it is more convenient, but the prices should come down a bit. 132. Yorum: We liked it very much, the service was many times higher than the price paid. All employees do their best, are caring and considerate. We would especially like to thank the lady lifeguards in the ladies pool. They are constantly on the job and because they make sure to follow the rules, it wasn't a disruptive or excessive environment like other hotels. We had the feeling that we had come to a quality and decent hotel. The open buffet was also very rich and tasty, well done. 133. Yorum: The animation team was very good, they entertained us throughout the holiday. Before leaving I wanted to share a comment with a photo to thank the team. Thank you very much. They are really everywhere. They are constantly entertaining. I definitely recommend it for families with children. 134. Yorum: This hotel is very bad, the women's pool smells like eggs, the food is always the same and very bad, there are always cats wandering around while eating and the lifeguard stops and looks at me, I did not like it, I will not come to this hotel again. It's not nice at all, the rooms were very dirty and the people there were sullen, I won't come again, don't come here. 135. Yorum: Overall, we were very satisfied with the hotel, there were some minor flaws, but the price was ultimately more acceptable. The food was also very tasty. Master lahmacun makes amazing lahmacun. So are tantuns. I generally didn't like the desserts, except for a few desserts (no problem). 136. Comment: I was satisfied throughout the vacation. All the staff are friendly and caring. The hotel was clean, including the pools. Since my vacation was in September, it was generally quiet. We were also very pleased with the Başak Spa staff at the hotel. Especially from Mrs. Inci, Maya and Katja. I recommend the hotel in terms of price and performance. Only the WC and changing cabins in the Wellness Center require renovation. 137. Yorum: We are vacationers, we experienced this shame at the highest level, like every year! Cleanliness is 0, food is reheated and served in front of us, two of my kids had food poisoning! And every year we pay the board per person per day! And no repairs or maintenance done in any room!! He deserves so much. Ms. Elif and Ms. Ruzgar were very interested in the lobby, I was very satisfied with them, but the hotel management was 0 138. Yorum: Above all, it is the hotel that we have preferred for 2 years. We thank Mr. Tolg, who has been booking us for 2 years, for his interest and honesty. The rooms are very large and adequate. The cleanliness of the rooms and the cleanliness of the restaurants were very good the food this year had a lot of variety but it was not the taste this year it was very average very good but they need to renew next year but the same things can be boring last year and the same this year. The live music was very good, but it would be better if this event was held in an amphitheater, not in a hookah cafe, because most of the time there is no place to sit. The pools are quite adequate. The ladies beach and pool are very good, but the food in the snack bar was the same every day, that should be taken into account. The hotel takes 6-7 minutes to get to the beach, but it's not a problem, we drove to and from the beach with our own vehicle, but there is always a shuttle service, so people don't suffer. Hope to see you again next year... 139. Yorum: Today we left the modern palaces, where we have already been guests twice, very satisfied... I would like to thank Mrs. Sibel from the reservation, who took care of us from the very beginning, Mrs. Rüzgar, who brought a big plus to the hotel with her smiling face, the waiters and the waiting staff, who tried their best to fulfill all wishes. hesitation and friendly staff in charge of the floors. I definitely recommend it to those who want to come but hesitate. 140. Yorum: * We stayed in a family room, the rooms are spacious * Cleanliness is good. Rooms were cleaned and towels changed every day. * Food varieties are good and nice. There is also a sufficient selection of food and drinks on the beach. Hot pancakes and pita are also served on the beach. * There are several cafes with cold and hot drinks * The shuttle to the beach runs every half hour, it takes 5 minutes. There is also a women's beach * There are 2 outdoor pools in the form of family pools and 1 outdoor pool for women. There is also an indoor men's and women's pool and spa. * The staff is friendly and hardworking * The children's pool is a beautiful pool with slides and water games. * There is an amusement park for children, open for 1 hour a day. * Concerts are held in the evening. The animation team is pleasant for children 141. Yorum: Very nice place if you are looking for a hotel that has a separate beach and pool for ladies. The food also tastes great. The staff is very nice and the rooms are very clean! 142. Comment: The absolute worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It doesn't deserve its five stars. On the first day there was a sock in the corner of the room, and even after ten days it was not put away. The light in the bathroom was also broken, the technician came and said it was. We already understood that the light turns on through the sensor, but the light didn't turn on at all, so you really were showering in the dark. The rooms were never properly cleaned but the cleaners insisted on giving them a good rating. There were many insects in the room, which again confirmed the completely unhygienic situation. This insect was NOT dead as stated in the answer, but was actually walking (with long antennae). Many guests complained, cleaners were sent again, but nothing really changed. The waiters were very unfriendly and did not serve. You almost had to run after them to even get a drink, so you ended up getting the drinks yourself. There wasn't much variety in the food and cans of tomatoes were placed everywhere as decoration. In my opinion, this hotel is very, very far from luxury, especially for the money. I have stayed in many good hotels but this was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I do not recommend this hotel to everyone. The rooms are almost falling apart, they couldn't even open or close the balcony doors properly. The only positive thing was the beach, but it's never worth the money. I am also very surprised and annoyed by all the good reviews here as they are very misleading and ultimately led to a huge disappointment for us on holiday. I hope this comment will prevent this disappointment for others who are trying hard to save for a holiday I find the response to my comment very offensive, no criticism is accepted and you are portrayed as stupid. The bathroom light did NOT turn on, not at all, not even through the sensor. The staff was very unfriendly and barely available. The insects were alive and near our suitcases. There was not enough food, which is really embarrassing for a 5 star hotel. I would like to upload a video here, but unfortunately I can't. 143. Yorum: If your family isn't veiled, I definitely don't recommend going. Unfortunately, we learned this rule after checking into the hotel. My daughters were constantly warned because it was open and we were also on vacation in places where there were open spaces and no one questioned my closure. You can get to the beach between 10 and 6. The sea is beautiful in the morning and in the evening. Don't take credit for the good things in terms of cleanliness and food, especially Cherry sister's handmade pancake was great. A hotel designed to eat, drink and sleep. 144. Yorum: In short; The meals are varied and satisfying. Grill etc. part is very bad. The staff is very attentive and friendly. There was no problem with cleaning. The pools are unsatisfactory and unhygienic. I saw washing around the pools in the evening, the areas washed with a hose flowed into the pool and there were no grills around the pool. The dirty water outside flows into the pool as it is. There are still events for children and adults, you won't be bored, but the repertoire of friends who organize music seems to be quite limited. They focus on their local music (East and South East) The beach is almost non existent so if you are going for the beach and the sea you may be disappointed. 145. Yorum: We would like to share with you our views at the end of a wonderful holiday. We were very satisfied with the cleanliness of the hotel, the size of the rooms, the food, the animation, the beaches and the friendliness, interest and concern. of all the employees we spoke to. We would also like to give a special thanks to Ms. Fatma who was in charge of cleaning on the ladies beach who cleaned and cleaned everywhere without stopping, Mr. Ali from the animation team, Ms. Rüzgar who showed interest and care for the children and was responsible for customer service, a personal problem she solved it immediately.. thank you very much, we left very satisfied.. Gültekin family 146. Yorum: Hello, the hotel is very nice. The cleanliness of the rooms, the friendliness of the staff, the variety and taste of the food and drinks were excellent. We were pleased with Ersin Bey's interest. I recommend taking it easy.. 147. Yorum: Unfortunately, I left the hotel disappointed, which I had been very excited about after reading the comments and ratings. The rooms are small and there is no carpet. There was a tiny wardrobe in the family room for 3 people and we had to constantly take clothes out of the suitcase. There is no trash can in the room, it is only located in the bathroom. The pools are dirty and have poor hygiene. The most worrying problem for me is mosquitoes. On the other hand, my daughter has spots and itching all over her body. The sea was far and there was a shuttle service. The vacation we've been impatiently waiting for since winter was a fiasco. The only thing that pleased me about the hotel was the kitchen, the food was good. 148. Yorum: We are a family of 2. We checked in at 8 in the morning. Many thanks to Mr. Emirhan and Mrs. Rüzgar who welcomed us with a smile. Food and drinks definitely deserve fresh and very nice Rooms are cleaned every day. All personal cleaning products are very spacious there were no boycott products, the pools are very clean, the women's pool is very nice, the towels in the rooms are very nice, the towels in the rooms are changed every day, my sister Mari and Meryem who clean the rooms, thank you very very, the activities are amazing, the female matinee animator, Esra, 👏 I suggest you to go there, we were very satisfied, the only problem is that the sea is 5 minutes from the hotel, the shuttle service is available every minute in front of the hotel thank you for everything see you next year if i can my rating is 5+5👏👏 149. Yorum: We stayed between 9. June and 13 in June. We chose this place last year. We leave the hotel again with maximum satisfaction. It is a hotel we will choose again because we are satisfied with its food and drink, hospitality, cleanliness, organization, pool and entertainment and many other aspects. Mrs. Rüzgarová in particular welcomed us very warmly last year and this year she welcomed us with the same family warmth, thank you very much. From the cleaners to the bartenders and waiters, everyone works with great enthusiasm and is very polite. The sea and marine facilities are also very beautiful. One is undecided whether to spend time by the sea or in a hotel. We hope the money we gave is worth it, thank you very much for everything.. 150. Comment: The hotel is a bit far from the beach. Ride the shuttle. We went swimming at the family beach. It's a little small, but it gets deep right away. It is not very fine sand. There is a restaurant with refreshments on the beach. Also oven monitoring etc. There is quite a lot. The rooms are clean, the furniture is not too old. An interesting feature is the washing machine and dishwasher. The beds are comfortable. Parking beds are available. There is generally a lot of variety in the food, but the desserts are not very good. In addition, cold appetizers need to be varied. Our children did not leave the children's pool. There are 2 swimming pools for adults. The animation starts in the pool and continues until the night. Ends at 11. The staff tries to help in every matter. they are smiling. Thank you for everything, we are satisfied. 151. Yorum: If I had to sum up the hotel in one sentence, it is a very affordable hotel. We had no problems with cleanliness, there was plenty of food, but the same soups and mousse desserts need to be changed every day. I don't think it is a negative aspect that the sea is far from the hotel. We drove back and forth whenever we wanted with our own vehicle. In addition, a shuttle service is always available. The downside is that the sea is extremely rocky to rocky, but you can absorb this situation by bringing sea shoes. The restaurant by the sea serves excellent appetizers. The pita bread is also hot. Ice cream is also available. The pools are nice, but unfortunately 140 cm is not deep enough, I wish they were deeper. In addition, the most important issue that needs to be improved is the children's pool. You have built a very nice children's pool. It still works, but the water is very cold. Our children could not enter this pool even once. Also the pool music needs to be changed as it is very outdated and slow. The programs prepared for children in the evenings were nice. Magic show, Turkish night, live music, etc. were well organized. If the touches I mentioned are made, the hotel will become a more beautiful place. 152. Yorum: We are on the second day. The food is good, the room is spacious and comfortable. It is 5 minutes from the sea. The sea is very nice, sparkling and clean, so it is ideal for swimming without waves, the staff was young and polite. 153. Yorum: We stayed as two families for 5 nights. When we first arrived we were a bit upset because it was quite far from the sea and it was in the middle of new construction. You can go to the sea by shuttle. But the sea is so beautiful you can see the sparkling bottom, ladies beach was perfect. The restaurant on the beach has everything, we especially loved the baked potatoes and waffles that made gozleme. Beach activities were nice. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful, thank you all. The food was very varied and tasty. Grilling varieties appear every day. The baklava in the dessert section was very nice. The hotel was very clean. Women are very particular about wearing a swimming cap in the pool, so the pools are spotlessly clean. There are lifeguards everywhere and they do their job very disciplined and pay incredible attention to life safety. The evening activities were also very nice. So, to make a long story short, we approached the hotel with some preconceived notions and then left the hotel very happy. Would we choose it again? I would also like to thank Mrs. Rüzgar, the customer manager. 154. Yorum: My wife and I spent a beautiful five days between 20. a 24. May 2024. First of all it is very nice that all the staff are friendly. I would like to thank Mrs. Rüzgar, Mrs. Gözde from the reception, Mrs. Nilufer from the spa, Mrs. Cankat the tourist manager Ahmet and many other members of the modern palace family whose names I call family because you feel like you are a family guest. Very nice hotel for conservative families with children. Although we were a wedding couple, we were more than happy with its conservative nature, evening activities, sea and pool options, and spa options that are chargeable. The hotel provides a shuttle service to and from the beach every half hour. In the cafes on the beach and by the pool, you can take advantage of the food and drink menu. You can eat at night when you are hungry with the night buffet. Many other nice features that I can't list. The hotel has a conservative concept and there are Muslim families from many corners of the world. There may be cats in the restaurant which is outside. It was very good for us because we preferred a conservative approach. As Alanya is generally a tourist place for shopping, Euros are used for many purchases, so the all inclusive concept was very good for us as it is very difficult financially to stay in a place with half board or accommodation only and afford food, drinks etc . We only used the taxi for a short distance, we even paid 300 TL. That's why it was great for us that it was all inclusive and conservative. As my wife and I are animal lovers, it made us happy to see cats around. Thank you Modern Saraylar family.. By Righteousness 155. Yorum: I vacationed there in 2022 and 2023 and my experience was fantastic. The rooms were great and clean, the staff were always available and the health care at the hotel clinic was great. The nurse and doctor were really helpful with medical care and international insurance procedures. The food was varied and to everyone's taste. Truly a holiday for body and soul, where you can relax perfectly and don't have to think about anything. The ladies' beach is a real jewel of the hotel. The hotel is improving every year, which is commendable. 156. Yorum: Ms. Gözde from guest relations for the friendly reception both on the first entry and on the day of departure, the animation team led by Mr. Özer who knows very well how to entertain our children during the day and evening, Ms. Hatice and Mr. İbrahim Savaş for their friendly and attentive service in the main restaurant and Auntie Hatun, whose diaper is very beautiful. Between 18 a 25. they gave us a great time in May and we couldn't understand how it ended so quickly. The water park is very pleasant for children. We didn't have many opportunities to swim in the sea due to the weather, but we didn't seek out the sea too much, the pool was enough for us. The poolside and lobby cafes are very satisfactory. I just expected the cafe staff to be a bit friendlier. I was not very pleased with the cleaning of the room and the mini bar, but I wasn't really looking for it :) It was also nice to have an activity in each area. Especially the Friday Turkish night was perfect. Overall, we really liked it there and will definitely be back next year. Thank you modern palaces. 157. Yorum: We, 3 families, stayed in the hotel. We were all very satisfied with the hotel. Everything was perfect, from the staff to the rooms, from the animation to the food. A hotel with incredibly respectful, friendly and smiling staff. The rooms were incredibly large and were cleaned very well every day. The food was very good and there was something for every taste. As for the animation team, I'd like to open a separate bracket for them; AWESOME team. As a customer who has been going to different hotels for years, we never visited the animation programs, but Mr. Özer and his team do such a successful job here that we never missed the programs and we had a lot of fun as children and adults. Mr. Ozer's sincerity with the children and his interest in each of them gave the children incredible moments. Likewise, Mrs. Sema and other friends in the team were also very caring. We would like to thank each and every one of them. Other than that, I have nothing but good things to say about the hotel in general. We would like to thank each and every one of them, from the ladies in the Turkish bath, to the ladies' pool staff, to the restaurant staff, from the reception staff to the cafe staff. Special thanks to the photographers Victory and Mehmet Bey. They took incredibly beautiful photos for us and we were all very happy with them. We can't wait to come again. 158. Yorum: It's really amazing that the staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are very clean. The beach is easily accessible by a shuttle bus that has a buffet and a prayer hall on the beach. I will be back next year insha Allah Thanks management. 159. Comment: We left the hotel satisfied. The biggest reason we left satisfied was that they took a very solution-oriented approach to our requirements and acted with the result in mind. Definitely a value for money hotel. Although it was 5 minutes from the sea, it was by far the best that the hotel's own facilities on the beach continued to provide all kinds of services without feeling like you were far away from the hotel. The hotel has a family atmosphere with the staff I would especially like to thank Ms. Ayşegül at the reception, Mr. Özer, the animation team, Ms. Dilek and Ms. Melise, Mr. Assistant Manager Wasio and the kitchen staff. I would personally like to thank DJ Ali, who added joy to our joy with his activities on the beach, and the live music team. I think it would be better if the hotel beach, which is very rocky, is cleaned and the area with sunbeds beautified and places like jumping into the sea are built. Thank you modern palace family 160. Comment: Unfortunately, our stay at this hotel was disappointing. 1. **Overcrowding:** The hotel was completely overcrowded resulting in long queues and overloaded service. This greatly affected our recovery. 2. **Food:** Food quality was not met. The meals were tasteless and offered little variety. 3. **Sauna:** The sauna was not functional during our five day stay, which was very disappointing as we were looking forward to this relaxation option. 4. **Location:** The sea is much further from the hotel than described on the website. This made spontaneous beach visits difficult. 5. **Cleanliness:** Even in the area of ​​cleanliness there is room for improvement. Rooms and public areas were not thoroughly cleaned. Overall, the hotel unfortunately did not meet our expectations. I hope this feedback will help the management to improve the quality of stay for future guests. --- Such reviews can help other travelers make informed decisions and alert hotel management to areas for improvement. 161. Yorum: The hotel is generally good, although they cannot maintain the same service until the last moment in terms of food quality and meal time. The private women's beach is our reason for preference, so I didn't pay much attention to the other features. I would like to thank the housekeeper Mrs. Feryat for her attentive service. I would like to thank all the young people who serve in the restaurant and tea garden, especially Ahmet, whose name I was able to learn, and the lovely Hicrana, who allowed us to enjoy our coffee on the hot sand every evening... 162. Yorum: Mini barcı Abdurrahman ve Berna tuşınınde çok ıyıdıler çok iyidiler bide Şeyma teşekek ederim otel çok iyi personeller güler yüzlü During the time I spent in this hotel, I want to leave my positive review: I will start with the technical staff from block C - they do their work at the highest level. All the staff at the reception are very friendly and polite, they approach your problem very responsibly and explain everything clearly. There is a smart girl here, it is very convenient that there are translators, I can't not mention them - Jamil and Muslim. I also don't want to leave the managers and executives unattended because they responded very well to my request. In these hot days, we especially need to support the cooks, their assistants, waiters and technical staff in the restaurant and workers in the mini cafe - everything was tasty, clean and tidy. The indoor pool and hammam are a separate relaxing experience with courteous staff. I also remember the good, kind and loving Sheima. I almost forgot about Zukhra and business managers Nur and Sibel Nur, Elif and friendly Vasik will not let you forget them either for their good relationship with vacationers. I almost forgot the barista Sabiha from “Sultan Cafe” - the kindest, the most brilliant, knows how to approach every guest, adults and children, and has the most delicious cappuccino. Of course, a big thanks goes to the technical staff for their titanic work. With the permission of the ALMIGHTY we will see each other again ان شاءالله 163. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel on 10/06/2024. Upon check in, the people at the front desk were very friendly and polite. I would especially like to thank Ms. Rüzgarová, the receptionist, for her interest. The rooms are very tidy, clean and spacious. The fridge and minibar are stocked with free drinks every day and housekeeping is also very good. The waiters are young employees and they are all friendly and enjoy their work. The variety of food is rich, tasty and satisfying. The location of the hotel is also quite good. Only the beach is not right next to the hotel, but there is a shuttle service in front of the hotel and you can be there in 5 minutes or you can also drive your own car. The animation team is young and dynamic and knows how to entertain. It was a hotel that exceeded my expectations for a vacation and I was very satisfied. Thank you for the efforts of all employees. 164. Yorum: The general logic of the hotel is completely based on money. A hotel ruled by husbands who have zero access to people... The assistant general manager of the hotel may walk up to you in front of your children and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. Even 1 is too much for this hotel... 165. Yorum: We are very satisfied with the hotel, the surroundings, the hospitality and the sea/beach. Definitely worth it. -The food is good, different dishes and enough choice. Poolside and seaside restaurants also have plenty of options. You can grab something to eat throughout the day, lots of cookies/cakes in between. - The rooms are thoroughly cleaned every time, thank you for that. The woman who makes gozleme in the hotel and on the beach is also very nice and sweet. They make a very tasty gozleme. Kirazi, thank you for the delicious gozleme. -Yassine, who is in the children's playroom... You are a great guy! Thanks to you, my kids always have fun things to do in the playroom. Thanks for the advice and help you give us. -Evening entertainment is always well organized, last night we had a very nice hot air balloon show (Cappadocia) with fireworks and delicious fresh fruit. Then the African acrobats, which was a really fun show that got everyone involved. Thank you for that. - pool activities: darts, shooting for seniors, water handball. Management team, very hospitable and warm people. Thank you, we are again satisfied with our holiday.. Hello 166. Yorum: We, as 3 people, were accommodated in the Modern Palaces Hotel, which we had chosen in previous years, between 24. a 29. September 2024. The quality of service, the polite and friendly behavior of the staff, the variety and taste of the food was excellent. I would like to spend my vacation here every year if my financial situation allows and I live a long time. It is a hotel that I can definitely recommend and thank you even more to the Modern Palaces family. Murat Pehlivanli 167. Yorum: In which hotel does the gym open at 10? It's the same here at the pool, you can't do anything until 10 o'clock. Anyway, it is a tiny place, there is little space like a garden on the property, the surroundings are dusty, the road is very bad, don't think about walking. Hundreds of people spend their holidays on an area of ​​400-500 m2. The pool is also closed as the gym and pool are in the same location. You have to get to the sea anyway by long-distance shuttle or your own vehicle, but they probably won't let you into the national park at sea. The shuttle service to the sea starts at 10. All you have to do is eat breakfast and wait. If you don't want to come on vacation, but just eat and drink in crowds, come here. 168. Yorum: Our holiday at Modern Palaces was amazing in every way. Thank you for leaving us unforgettable memories during our 5 days holiday with the endless love of the staff service, the variety and taste of the food, the pools, the sea, the women only beach privilege, the mini disco and the energy of the animation team... many other things that I can't count 🤍❤️