1. Yorum: The service was good and the hotel was very nice and I liked it and I would like to come back again but with friends to enjoy it well and the food was also good 2. Yorum: We came for a week in a team of 15 people and we travel a lot in different countries but the worst hotel we have ever seen in my life plus some shameless people first of all that only the receptionist speaks English and the rest don't pay attention the room is full of ants and in the rooms on the first floors the smoke from the kitchen flies when you complain about the smell they say if you want you have to pay $50 to change your room the food is normally served cold and what is left for the day is put on at night let's say that not even in a two star hotel at the time of leaving the hotel they make you wait to check the rooms as if they were thieves the people I personally had a terrible week 3. Yorum: We are leaving this hotel, where my family and I went this weekend, with extreme disappointment. Firstly, the hygienic conditions of the hotel were totally inadequate. From the moment you entered the hotel, there was no trace of cleanliness; especially the common areas were very dirty. The food in the restaurants was tasteless, there were always stains on the plates, knives and glasses. The alcohol they served was also far from being of good quality. In addition, the salt water coming out of all the taps was a big problem. In addition to this, the attitude of the hotel staff was very disrespectful. Instead of attending to our needs, they were indifferent and very rude. After the discussion we had with the gentleman in charge of the restaurant section, we left the hotel extremely unhappy. After checking into your room, you cannot benefit from any of the hotel facilities, you cannot even buy water. As a result, our experience was definitely below what we expected. The hotel has a shameful approach to service. I think there is a need for major improvements in hygiene, food quality and customer service. I definitely cannot recommend this hotel. If you don't want to be dishonored with your money, definitely don't make this decision. 4. Yorum: I stayed at the Xafira Deluxe Hotel in Antalya and I have to say it was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. What should have been a relaxing vacation turned into a nightmare. The hotel's biggest problem is the… 5. Yorum: Cleanliness and hygiene are non-existent. Sea water comes out of the rooms, it is salty and sandy. The shower cabin is terrible, the lime stain has never been cleaned. There is no kettle in the room to heat water. This is the first time I have come across a hotel like this. The pools are dirty, sandy and salty, every part of the hotel is different. It smells bad. Don't expect friendliness from the hotel staff. They don't even look at you at the hotel entrance, you check in at the hotel and then I go on your way, you go to your room yourself, the drinks are mediocre, don't drink them and you'll get poisoned, you can't even find a drink while eating, even the ayran is weird. I only take cocaine out of necessity. The food is bland and it's the same stuff I only eat grilled chicken and I'm disgusted by chicken. You can drink everything from a plastic cup. The dining room is very far from the bedrooms. It takes at least 10 minutes to get from one place to another in the hotel. It takes 20 minutes to reach the sea. There was no good entertainment in the evening, there were simple activities with a simple and meaningless dance team, this is the first time I have come across such a hotel, it is a complete disappointment, I would never recommend it. One star hotels are better. Rest assured that the hosts always speak a foreign language, they don't speak Turkish, the desserts are extremely bad, definitely not edible, you can't even get a good coffee, I don't know if the coffee machine is broken or if they add water the drinks come out tasteless and there is no restaurant where you can order coffee or drinks. I don't know how this hotel survives. This is the first time I've had a bad vacation. 6. Yorum: If someone goes there and wants to have a good vacation, I do not recommend it. My boyfriend and I just got back for a few days and I've never seen a hotel like this in Turkey, but I've been there 5 times now and I can say something about it. If it weren't for the weather, it would have been the worst holiday in terms of accommodation. The dirt stinks at every step. Hotel Aimed at locals, i.e. Turkish society. There is no room cleaning, no towel replacement, not even for a fee. As for the food, by the time you find a table and sit down to eat, it's already cold. The animation was very low level. Even after paying extra, the Internet did not meet the requirements. After meeting other guests from Poland, they all said this was the worst hotel they had ever experienced. The offer was recommended to us by a girl from the Coral travel office located on Bonarka in Krakow. 7. Yorum: We returned from the hotel yesterday. Transfer from the airport 2 hours. Unfortunately, the bathrooms in the room are dirty, the toilet brush is yellow. The towels were changed every day. We were given a room with a view of the pools, if you are traveling with small children you should keep in mind that there is very loud music every day until 24 hours. Every day in the fitness pool, but for some reason they do not allow children to participate. The pool water is clean, but the sun loungers and everything around them are dirty and covered with tape. The food is the same all week, the fish is average, the spaghetti is impossible for children to eat, the fruit is very good. Dirty plates and cutlery, identical coffee glasses. There are cats roaming around the restaurant, one time a cat pooped on the table couch. Very poor internet. There was a children's disco only at 8:30 p.m., nothing more. Very good performances for adults after the disco. The beach is tragic, very small and rocky, the sun loungers are broken, torn, dirty and practically stacked on top of each other, there is no passage. 8. Yorum: It was one of my most pleasant hotel stays 🥰 I arrived alone and hoped not to get bored, and it turned out that way, everything went great! I would like to especially thank the animation team, because everyone is given attention here; they already noticed me in the… 9. Yorum: Service is not important. Cleaning is bad. Sometimes the towels are not changed. For 10 days the floors, shower and sink were not washed. The tables on the balcony had not been cleaned all season. The dishes in the dining room are generally poorly washed, all greasy. In general we will not go to them again. And the food is not tasty at all. 10. Yorum: We found this hotel because the travel agency Anex changed our previous hotel to this one the day before departure. The hotel has great potential, but the interior shows signs of wear and tear. Rooms are clean, cleaned daily, bathrooms may be clean but definitely worn out, ie mold in shower, ceiling falling over shower. Restaurant: The food is okay, good, almost the same every day, but there is plenty to do. choose between. However, the restaurant is quite dirty: the air vents next to the roof windows are a mess, the trolleys used by the staff to collect the dishes are a mess, the plates are clean but stained. Animation every night, different every day. The amphitheater where the event took place was very dirty; it is best not to sit there in light clothing. The pool area is a big plus of the hotel: the outdoor pool is big, clean and you can easily find free sun loungers (I was there the last week of September). The swimming pools with slides for children are also nice. There are lifeguards. The hotel beach is about 800 m away and can be reached by tractor. The beach is a mess: small, rocky and dirty sun loungers. There are beautiful, well-kept beaches next to the hotels. The indoor pool was not open. 11. Yorum: The food is varied, there is something for everyone. There is food almost all day long on the beach, by the pool, in the water park. The water park serves three types of ice cream from 2 to 4 pm. The rooms are cleaned every day. A blue tractor takes you to the beach 2-3 minutes from the beach. The animators are all very good and cheerful, there is entertainment throughout the day. In the evenings, various music is played: Russian, Turkish, French, Polish, etc. The only negative thing in my opinion is that the beach is very small. 12. Yorum: We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel, we were delighted! The food is very tasty, always fresh, a great variety of dishes for all tastes and colors 😍 I would also like to highlight the animation, it is excellent! The animation team is made up of very nice people, you can have fun chatting with everyone, the animation program is very interesting, there is always something fun and exciting. Every day we went to parties with the animation team. The rooms are always clean and well kept. We were also lucky with the weather, the sea is very warm. Have a nice rest! Thank you so much for such a wonderful holiday! We will definitely be back! 13. Yorum: We just returned with our 8 month old son and our 8 year old daughter. Transfer time: almost 2.5 hours, hard work with a small child. The hotel makes a great first impression, but after a while you see all the filth. The rooms stink from the bathroom and when you open the balcony, water leaks out from under the sink through the joints, the air conditioning was very cold even at 28 degrees. Every day the trash is taken out of the room, the beds are made, but I know that is not the case for everyone. Dirty cutlery and plates on the table. The same thing to eat every day for a week. It was already growing in my mouth. A large selection of cheeses is a plus, but I don't know if it was supposed to be that way or not, there were sometimes fermented cheeses. The drinks are very sweet, the dishes tasteless, only some fish and sprats are served. No other seafood. The tasteless bananas appeared 2 days before departure and the watermelon was tasteless. Good cakes and puddings. The pool is dirty, but it's the tourists' fault. You need to have some culture. The stench from public toilets is unbearable. The animations for children are amazing. Smoking of pets should be prohibited in the pools and amphitheater. Children sit on the bleachers and drunks smoke and swing them on their backs. Free Wi-Fi in the lobby only. Lack of choice or initiative on the part of the bartender when making drinks. The gate to the water park was closed so we had to carry the stroller up and down steep stairs in the mud. This is dangerous. The omnipresent fungus in the hotel. You can hear everything through the walls, even when someone is using the bathroom next door. I didn't completely fall in love with Türkiye. Maybe one day I'll give it another chance, but I will never, ever return to this hotel. I advise against it. 10 years ago in Egypt in 4* it was better than here... 14. Yorum: We are staying between September 18-23, 2024. Overall I can say the following about the hotel: • The food was average quality chicken, the hot dishes were not good, the desserts were very good, especially the cold baklava and the pumpkin dessert. There was very little choice, my comment applies to all meals, morning, noon and night. • Most of the staff, especially the waiters, were indifferent, the service was mediocre compared to a 5 star hotel. • The alcoholic drinks and cocktails were very bad. For the first time in my life, I couldn't drink anything alcoholic in a hotel (except beer). • The size of the sun loungers and the pool was sufficient, but it was not a very comfortable situation since they were at the bottom of the pool. • There was always sand in the pool (at the bottom). I guess they didn't clean it often. • The sea road is a 10-minute walk away. Transport was carried out by tractor and left every 15 or 20 minutes. • As for the sea and the beach, there was a lot of ROCK at the beginning of the sea (I don't remember having suffered so much in my life when entering and exiting since the sea itself had big waves, both). stones and waves fell a lot when entering and leaving the sea. • The beach section was a disgrace, it had a ridiculous elevation and was full of stones. (My subjective opinion is that if you are one of those who loves the sea and prefers the beach to the pool, I would tell you not to come because it is far from the hotel (hotel facilities) and it is not pretty.) • As for the slides, the slides reserved for children seemed very fun. The only thing I can say about the adult ones is that my joints hurt when I slide down the triple slide. All in all, it had negative features that I could not compare to any 5 star hotel I had visited before. I'm sorry to say, but it was a holiday I was glad to return to for the first time. 15. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 5 days, I would like to share my comments, both good and bad. The day we arrived we were able to have lunch while waiting for our room to be prepared, and we didn't have to wait long for our room, which was a plus for us. The cleanliness of the rooms is good, but if you are a sensitive person you may be bothered by the cleanliness of the bathroom. If you call whenever you want, they will come and clean you up. The staff was friendly, we loved it, they were very polite. One of the disadvantages for me is the density of the pool and the hygiene that is experienced due to the overcrowding of the hotel. I don't think it's clean enough, but I don't want to overstate it because it's very busy and the staff is trying to keep up. Other than that, we were pleased with the lobby bar which we could use whenever we wanted, the drinks, food, ice cream times and especially the all you can eat buffet were legendary. I can say that anyone who says they don't get tired is having a bad time ;) My suggestion would be to pay for cleaning and internet, but you can choose something else, you won't regret it, since there are many. Foreign tourists, hotel room rates are in Euros; Just so you know. 16. Yorum: I am currently at the hotel and am writing this review for informational purposes for those who want to go or prefer to. We checked into the hotel at 9am and took advantage of everything including breakfast, pool, etc. until the rooms were ready. We are in the hotel's standard room with a view of the countryside. The rooms are not bad, but I can say that the cleaning is inadequate, both the room and the hotel in general are dirty. The distance between the standard rooms and the lobby is very. By now we are literally running to the hotel. The pools are nice and the Aqua Proper is nice too. The food is average. The same dishes are served every day, mainly turkey and fish, which are inedible. During the 6 nights we were there we had problems such as bloating and indigestion. As for the sea, the beach of the huge hotel is in a place. Terrible condition The hotel beach is not even clean, it is pebbly or even rocky, you can say that it is difficult to take a step, the sea is about 2 meters from the stony ground. You enter and then you arrive. the sand, but this time it is not possible to swim from the wave. When you go to sea, you travel with a trailer attached to the back of a tractor. The hotel staff is friendly. It can also be said that the animation is sufficient. 3 stars is more than enough for the hotel. 17. Yorum: Relaxed with family and friends. All the staff were friendly, they welcomed us well and showed us to our room. The room was clean, spacious, we got it with a big balcony and sea view, but the room smelled musty, with friends everything was fine. I liked the location of the hotel, you can walk to the sea or take a ride on the blue tractor that leaves from the hotel. The food is varied, you will definitely not go hungry, but it gets boring, we were there for 9 nights and we already spent time not knowing what to eat, because they cooked, I didn't want to anymore) But there is always something to eat) The pool is clean, sun loungers too, always The employees walk around and monitor the cleanliness, which cannot be said about the guests who are not allowed to throw away their glass. There is also animation during the day, but I rarely saw it and at night I tried not to miss it. Evening entertainment included Latin American dancing, magic tricks, a fire show, contests and a bingo lottery. Everything was great 👍 Thanks to the staff for a great holiday! 18. Yorum: We were there from September 21 to 26. I would like to explain everything objectively so that you can get an idea. The hotel staff were good and friendly. The food was bad, they served the same food everyday and it was not tasty, the best food to eat is the French fries. The desserts were average. Instead of lunch, you can eat doner kebab from the snack bar, it's free. Too much water was added to the drinks, it was very bad. As for cleanliness and hygiene, forks, plates, etc. They were very dirty, instead of metal forks, we bought a plastic fork at the snack bar. The metal forks were disgusting. The pool and water park were very nice, we had a lot of fun. The sea was very dirty and rocky, those who go should bring sea shoes, etc. take it away. The location of the hotel is 10 minutes walk from the sea, but the sea can be reached by car every 10 minutes. I'm not a perfectionist, I don't pay much attention to that kind of things, but if you ask me if I would go to the same place again, I wouldn't :) 19. Comment: Hermoso hotel! Swimming pool, animation, good shows! Wonderful lobby bar. A blue tractor takes between 2 and 3 minutes to reach the beach. The room has a beautiful view. Delicious ice cream! Great water park for kids! Overall a good holiday, but I do not recommend the hotel! 20. Yorum: This hotel should receive an award. It must be impossible for them to have such a beautiful exterior design and such poor management, and they have succeeded. First of all, we are a honeymoon couple and there wasn't even a glass of water to drink in our room, let alone a plate of fruit and wine. I'm writing from the second day and there is still no water even though I called reception twice. The water you shower with is sea water. The food is very bad. You don't find any main dishes apart from chicken and fish, which you don't even know what they are, and they're not really edible either. There is no cheese you can eat for breakfast other than cheddar. The drinks are of very poor quality. The waiters don't even know what drink you ordered. The hotel is very crowded with tourists and you have to queue everywhere. It is impossible to eat in the open area of ​​the restaurant because all the smoke from the grill surrounds the restaurant. We requested our refund on the first day and will check out on the second day. We throw our money away, you shouldn't. 21. Yorum: I didn't pay attention to the bad comments, you did. I stayed for a week and I want to share my experiences. A hotel I will never go to again. The hotel's entertainment is a disgrace, its own nightclubs are closed, all the arrangements to take customers to another nightclub at 11pm for a fee are done in a hurry and are careless. If you insist on coming to this hotel, you must buy your own alcohol because this is a hotel with the worst quality and the worst alcohol you have ever experienced. Even though I weigh 95 kilos and have the ability to eat anything I find, food never satisfied me. The same things every day. The hotel has a big odor problem. The breeze from the sewage accompanies you while you eat. The rooms are very clean, the staff is friendly, we have nothing to say about that, but such a nice hotel could only be managed so badly. We literally prayed for the week to be over so we could go home. Don't go, friends, stay on the street, sleep on benches, go to the shelter, but don't go to the area. 22. Yorum: Tourism and hotel management for high school and university students. I read. I travel nationally and internationally every year. I would love for you to consider my evaluation as a business. -It's our third night at the hotel and I'm about to go crazy. I am writing this at 02.01 am. The worst thing is that in our sound room, from the definition of the surrounding rooms, including the side, top and bottom ones, when they turn on the water or flush the toilet, there are vibrations as if they are working behind the walls with a drill and it sounds like a horn for long seconds. -Let me go to the kitchen area, there's nothing decent to eat. You wait in ridiculous queues for Yedigün and Pepsi. I'm not a drinker, but there are queues there too, people like a queue to buy bread, one waiter, 1,700 customers. -They don't take it to the bottom of the beach. Leave the TRACTOR on the side of the main road and go through the underpass. As a family with two strollers, we were faced with the problem of stairs. The walking distance is short, but what you need to know is that the area reserved for the hotel on the beach is very small and the stones are incredibly hurtful and adults cannot go to the seashore without shoes, and if they come across the waves, those stones are extremely hurtful. - The good thing is the size of the room and the fact that there are swimming pools and a water park for all tastes. Childhood friendship is out of the question. There is not a single activity for children. Once there was a skating and cycling show in the evening theatre, and it didn't even last an hour. -I should point out before we dive in that salt water flows from the springs. Brushing your tongue and rinsing your mouth is another problem. - Unfortunately, it doesn't fit in with such a nice, elegant hotel. 23. Yorum: Our vacation ended 2 days ago. We stayed for 3 days and if we had to share the problems we had, there is a lot of variety of food, but what you can buy as a main dish is limited. There is chicken and fish every day. One day there was meat and meatballs. The meatballs were like chicken and dumplings, but the meat was good. As for fish, one day there was sea bream. I bought it. It was really good. When we asked the name of the fish that came out the next day, he said blue fish, but it was mullet, not blue fish. The salad bar has plenty of variety for me, but I didn't find a main dish, there's not much that makes you want to eat a salad, there's corn every day. The drinks are mixed with fruit juices, as you know, they taste like seeds and are not drinkable either. Alcoholic drinks like Coca Cola, soda and sugar water are a complete flop. They are all consumed as a sub-industry. The dishes are not cleaned well, they are stained. Although the rooms appear clean at first, the lack of hygiene is enormous. There are blood stains on the sheets. The room was invaded by ants, how embarrassing! It is not cleaned well, even the inside of the elevator is dirty and no one has cleaned the windows. I saw a huge cockroach by the pool, I didn't have my phone, I couldn't capture it. The sea is wavy, you can't go into the pool, it's too crowded, the electric cables pass over the children's pool. In addition, the pools were not cleaned properly, we had an epidemic of diarrhea and vomiting and my son barely recovered. The hotel's guest base is very poor, they are extremely loud and shout every night. They give you a paper at the entrance and it says that the first day they will put soft drinks in the refrigerator and the next day they will put water in the refrigerator, but none of this happened. The 2nd day, 2. Water bottles were left in front of the door! What I'm saying is, don't come and waste your money. 24. Yorum: I gave it one star out of necessity, otherwise there are too many stars. I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and 5 days, checked in on 16.08.2024 and checked out on 20.08.2024. Our vacation started with the smell of sewage when we entered the room on the first day. Even though it's off-season, it's crowded, breakfast is the same every morning, lunch is the same every day, dinner is the same every night, nothing different. We had to eat French fries for 4 days. Gracias. Not worth the price. paid. In the cafeteria the plates are dirty, first you select the plate, clean it and then take the food, otherwise it is impossible to put food on the existing plates. This hotel was not like this when I came years ago, terrible service. , zero cleaning, it's a shame, I definitely wouldn't recommend it for our money. 25. Yorum: This is a hotel where Turkish friends will definitely not come. We can't find a dish that suits our taste. I was hospitalized for a hamburger on the second day. How can you make the blessings of my Lord so bad? No quality products are used. I'm still amazed how they gave it 5 stars. There is no shortage of soap or ashtray in the rooms. There isn't even a sink to hang wet clothes. Something is always missing. In the hotels we have visited so far, the rooms had everything we needed, including bathrobes, toothbrushes, toothpaste, slippers and shampoo sachets. The sea is far away, it is not made of sand but of stones. The cleaning is more than horrible. As everyone says, everywhere smells different. What seems strange to us is that we came to our country paying our own money. In the animation, English and Russian were constantly spoken. Why didn't the animation continue after explaining to the Turkish friends? I recommend that you don't come reading the comments. 26. Yorum: I was really scared when I read the bad reviews. Thank God there was nothing to fear. The hotel was very nice. Those who know the sea of ​​Antalya at least know that it has a sandy beach and a beautiful sea. We had no problems with cleanliness and necessities. The employees helped us as much as they could. We had no problems with cleanliness and our cleaning was done. The only problem with the hotel was that the water was salty. We had a great time. 27. Yorum: As a family who went to the hotel based on our previous experience without even reading the comments, I am writing a review so that you do not make the same mistake. We stayed at the hotel for 3 days. Cleanliness is only in name, it is very difficult to see it throughout the hotel, including the rooms. They supposedly cleaned it up. Our room was full of broken glass. We called and told them they would send someone to clean it up. The friend who came to clean the room while we weren't in the room had apparently cleaned it and the glass. remained as it was. It would be more accurate to say that while we were in the room, we called the staff and cleaned it together, showing them here and there. If you talk about food, it's the same things every day and they are never edible; they are made to be inedible, tasteless, raw, extremely hard and ice-like. It's safe to say we spent the day eating salad. Yes, the pool and Aqua are sufficient, but if you ask if they are clean, it is difficult to say yes. I can say that the staff are partially good, some of them are very friendly while some just show their smiling face and help if there is some tip, otherwise you don't even care about anyone. The closet, which should have been full when you first entered the room, was empty and smelled very bad. No, there was not even a sip of water left. Even though we called the lobby many times, they didn't bother to bring it. As you know, salt water flows from the springs, what more can I say? In my opinion, don't waste your money on this hotel. We made that mistake, didn't you? Believe me, I was looking for something to praise, but unfortunately I couldn't find anything to say that had that good side. A hotel I will never choose again. I'm surprised it has 5 stars, believe me even 2 stars is too much. 28. Yorum: The hotel is huge, impressive. Very luxurious decoration. There are 6 floors, reception, on level -1 there is a restaurant, hairdresser, tea house, gym, and the hotel's own stalls with clothes and souvenirs. On level -2 there is a spa. Turkish bath, sauna, massages with additional charge. Every 15 minutes a tractor arrives at the beach. You can easily go there on foot. Narrow beach, lots of sun loungers. I recommend bringing water shoes because there are a lot of rocks. You can take towels into the spa area every day and must return them before 5:00 p.m. after the card is issued. Buffet on the beach. You can make your own burger. More fries. Cold drinks, coffee, tea. Lots to eat, but the same. There is a children's pool next to the hotel and a large one connected to it on the other side of the square. There are animations in the pool led by a DJ. Foam party, fitness. Lots of sun loungers by the pool. Bar on site. You can make your own kebab and burger. Baked potatoes are served within one hour. You can also see how a woman makes bread with her own hands. You can earn filling. The downside is that the ice cream is only a twister and a cone sold at the water park. Ice cream with scoops of paid extras, including Thai ice cream. There is also a stand with popcorn, cotton candy and chips on a stick, but it costs more. When purchasing ultra meals, this is a bit of a misnomer. Every evening there is entertainment for children on stage, followed by performances, karaoke and a disco. As a result, the installation is noisy for quite a long time. Meals are served in the canteen. A very wide selection, but unfortunately the same. There was tomato sauce for pasta every day. It could be different every day. Wide selection of meats and desserts. Pancake and eggs in any version for breakfast. On Fridays, a strange kebab meat was served. Cakes. It's impressive. Meals can be eaten in the dining room or outdoors. The downside is that smoking is allowed outside. Since he didn't smoke, he had to eat and inhale the smoke. Very out of place. We consider our stay a success. We highly recommend it! 29. Yorum: The hotel is a very large and striking hotel. It is deplorable that such a large and striking hotel is so poorly managed. 1. Hygiene 0 2. the glasses are dirty There is no glass service in the hotel. When there is almost no glass, you cannot see it because of the dirt. 3. everywhere smells 4. The drinks were terrible, we couldn't drink them, we bought our own drinks outside. 5. the water is salty 6. The main dishes are almost the same every day, very little variety. 7. The most important thing is that there is not a single friendly staff in the hotel. The staff speaks to the customers in a scolding manner, as if they are working under pressure, all the staff are at an insufficient level and there is no responsible person walking around the hotel. It's as if the hotel has been left alone. It was 12 at night, just as the pool bar closed, I asked if he could get me a glass of ice, it was closed, he said the lobby was open, he said I could get it from there. I beg you, don't bore me up to that point, I said it's just ice, okay, I'll do it, but he says don't come back, just try to talk. The owner doesn't know? The hotel is a disgrace, the Ministry of Health does not carry out any inspections, I do not understand how this works. It is clear that anyone who goes to this hotel and says it is very nice is either a fake account or has no knowledge of the service. Not to choose, I will not spend more Do not waste your money 30. Yorum: We booked 5 days at the hotel. The first day was fine, we didn't stay at the entrance, but after that it was a complete fiasco. The hotel was not cleaned even once for 5 days. Even though I told the staff on duty not to come between 2 and 4 pm because I was putting the child to bed, they came at that time every day, I told them to come before 2 or after 4 pm every day. , but they never came. We called customer service many times and they didn't clean it saying they would come clean it. We were able to get the blanket and towel on the fourth day. One day there was no water for 2 hours. There was no hot water between 5:30 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. The children came out of the pool and got sick because they were cold. When you enter the room, the smell of waste envelops everything. Even the shower heads are covered in rust and the rust sticks to my hands when I hold them. If you don't want to be dishonored with your money, definitely don't go! 31. Yorum: Stayed at this hotel for a week with the family. The best thing so far has been the animation team, who continue to organize different activities throughout the day. The kids disco is fun. My 2.5 year old son started following the dances. The night shows are really amazing! After the show having the best disco time. DJ is the best 32. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel this year and most of the bad reviews are justified. 1-No meat is served in the hotel restaurant except on Turkish nights, and the meat served is greasy. Although there were many dessert options, most of them tasted bad. We tried the Italian menu, everything on the menu except the hot appetizers tasted bad, the main dish was beef tenderloin and it wasn't even cut and the portions were insufficient. 2-The best part of the hotel was the pool and water park, but there was sand at the bottom of the pool, probably not cleaned enough. 3- The hotel beach is a 10 minute walk away, but there is a motor service if you want, but the beach was a complete disgrace, there were only stones instead of sand. 4-The snack bar service was very good and sufficient, they generally served hamburgers, baked potatoes and pancakes. 5-The employees were very rude. They didn't answer me when I asked at reception where the bathroom was. 3. They answered my question. 6-The animation team was not so bad, different things happen every night. 7-The internet in the hotel is only in the lobby. If you want to have internet in your room, you have to pay around 120 liras per day (the internet in the lobby is quite slow). Therefore, this should not be considered an ultra all-inclusive hotel, but rather a 5-star hotel, as it is obviously the cheapest in the price range of ultra all-inclusive hotels. 33. Yorum: Hi, when we first entered the hotel, we seemed to like it. We entered the room, it was very dirty, it looked like it had been left clean. We went down to the pool, the pools were dirty, I didn't see them cleaned in 4 days, and we had glass shards stuck to our feet. I don't even want to talk about the food line, you're waiting in line for free bread everywhere. We even saw foreigners passed out in the hotel, let alone alcohol, and young people smoking marijuana. If we told the security guards, they didn't even care. It's amazing how a mediocre hotel gets 5 stars. The cafeteria staff argue with people and make nonchalant statements like "you can go complain." 34. Yorum: If I could give the service 0 stars I would give it 0. It seems like everything is done at the hotel. The food was not clean, there was hair in the dough, but since it was an open buffet, it is possible that it had fallen from the customers. One time there was a huge cockroach in the food distribution area by the pool, and when we alerted him. The person in charge of the food was not hygienic at all, he acted with us. The pool was very crowded and very hot. We were never satisfied with the bars, the alcohol was always poor quality, they didn't even make iced coffee; we made our own cold coffee by buying iced cups and espresso. I have never seen such an inefficient facility built on such a large area. There were perhaps 500 to 600 rooms and most of them were full, but there were very few elevators. Although our room was on the fifth floor, we usually used the stairs because it takes 15 minutes to go up or down by elevator. The elevators sometimes stopped at the correct floor, but often malfunctioned. We don't have much regrets because we fixed it at an affordable price, but if you can't fix it at an affordable price, definitely stay away because we used the hotel money for expenses outside the hotel, such as transportation, beach club, restaurant, etc. 35. Yorum: The hotel looks great, you can sunbathe by the pool, there is even a bus that takes you to the beach every 10 minutes. The hotel has a good gym for those who also like to exercise. At night the hotel looks magnificent. Even while sunbathing, you can indulge in pizza, kebab and even sweets at the bar. 36. Yorum: We stayed for 5 days. Upon check-in, they do not provide a bellboy for your belongings or a car to carry your luggage. After completing the formalities at the entrance, you put on the hotel bracelet, everyone goes their own way, there is no guidance or help from the housekeeper, you find everything yourself by asking everywhere. We went to the room, the room and bathroom were very dirty, the shower head was covered with moss because the water came from the sea :) I came from Istanbul, we decided to eat and found the cafe after asking. Questions I wish they had told me to follow the smell of garbage. There can't be such a smell of garbage in the dining room. If we saw it on the menu the first day, I swear we saw the same dishes. Dishes are left untended and not even cooked in the same order. Speaking of food, no meat, lots of pasta, raw rice, chicken and fish :) The main problem is the hotel's water supply. When I say source, the water comes directly from the sea :) it is incredibly salty and the worst thing is that the food, pasta, glasses, etc. They clean themselves with this water, I'm not counting their personal cleaning in the shower. There is no cleanliness, there is an incredible body odor because you shower with salt water :) It is considered child-friendly, but it is child-friendly. There is no menu, every day at the pool, potatoes, chicken. Doner kebabs and grey burger balls with unknown patties :) We went out to dinner in the center of Alanya as a family, ordered soup for my son, we understood at that moment that the child was hungry at the hotel :) If we talk about alcohol, without exaggeration, 20 a day (with plastic cups because that's how the service is) from one glass I drank too much alcohol and it has neither the effect nor the taste of alcohol. As they say, kill a brave man and don't take away your rights. My son had fun with the animations. It is a hotel with beautiful water, which is not managed in much detail. A glass broke in the children's pool. A child got a glass stuck in his foot. We called many times, they didn't come. We collected half a glass from the pool with a friend. the front desk, "Please contact management, we won't be able to fix it with you," and they finally came and cleaned it up. In short, our son had a lot of fun, perhaps because he could not perceive the facts due to his age. I can NEVER recommend the hotel! 37. Yorum: We checked in today, I'm commenting from the balcony of the room, it's a very bad hotel. Never come. It smells incredibly dirty and incredibly bad. If they could pay me I wouldn't stop for a minute. The area where the dining room and snack bar are located smells a lot. Dust flies around in the rooms and the bathrooms are very dirty. Never cools the mini cabinets. Everything we ask at the places we buy drinks, they say it's not available. Even WiFi is paid. Ultra all inclusive but we couldn't eat here. Today someone urinated in the pool and the pool was never closed and we entered that pool without knowing it. The hot pool, gym and disco are closed. What else? Never come, it's an incredible regret, don't waste your money... 38. Yorum: Pretty poor overall. The room was dirty, the sheets had holes in them, housekeeping was non-existent, towels were not changed so we moved them from the shower floor to outside the room which is what… 39. Yorum: Hello;||I didn't believe the bad comments, I thought they were exaggerated. Really pay attention to the comments. The rooms, sheets, armchairs, door handles, elevator, cutlery everywhere are dirty. The forks are sticky.… 40. Yorum: Where do I start? Our first impression of the hotel was nice and then it was ruined by the blunt and unhelpful receptionist. We were a group of 18 people and they refused to help us bring our bags until we checked in. They couldn't find one of our reservations, so they told part of my family to find another hotel at 11pm. We managed to sort out the situation after about an hour and then went into our rooms. The rooms were so dirty and old that we had no pillows or blankets on the bed. The room smelled like rotten eggs and the smell wouldn't go away. The hotel is old and damp and has a bad smell of sewage. The restaurants are very, very dirty, full of flies. the whole place is a mess. The pool has no lifeguards around, and one of my family members was seriously injured in the pool and there was no one around to help us. The doctors and nurses were very rude to us when we went to visit the doctors inside the hotel. One of the boys yelled at me to come out when there was no sign of any patients there. The restaurant is dirty!!! The seats are torn and flying everywhere. The food is fine! The amount of rude behavior we encountered from every member of the hotel staff is insane. I can't name everything and every situation, but it is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in and it is not a five star hotel. I have never stayed anywhere where people are so rude and do not care at all about their customers' satisfaction. The pool is nice but there is no security. 41. Yorum: Don't be fooled by the photos. The hotel is worthless. It's full of rubbish. The dining room is full of smelly fish. Also the dishes are dirty and the same food every day, chicken. tasteless turkey and fish. It's like they heated up yesterday's food and put it in front of us. There's nothing like meat. There are potatoes and potatoes. Even this one has no taste. The rooms are not cleaned every two days. The room is dirty. People who slip in the water park hurt their hands and back because the silicone is old. The whole hotel smells bad except the lobby. the children have a dirty queue of drink cups. I hope we can go there without getting sick. We gave 50 thousand, I wish we had paid 20 thousand more, we would have stayed in a decent hotel. There is no order, it is as if everyone were working for memory. It is a hotel that operates only for commercial purposes, customer satisfaction does not seem to be important. Also, you go to the sea with a tractor, it is 500 meters away. Further down, you cannot swim because the beach is made of stones. It was very small and dirty. Even though I was there for 5 days, we went to the sea for 1 hour and I didn't want to go back. I went to a hotel like this for the first time, I wouldn't go there again. It was free. Greetings to Alan Xafari. 42. Yorum: The hotel is very large, so it is difficult to cope with the number of guests in the "canteen". Overall it's nice, but probably needs a refresh. The rooms smell damp, probably from the air conditioning. The showers were dirty and probably hadn't seen detergent in a long time. The rooms are not cleaned every day. It looks better in the photos than in reality. We had a room for 4 people, but when we arrived they forgot to make our daughter's bedding, and then they gave us a minibar as they wanted (not every day) and only 3 waters. There is a lot of food, but unfortunately it is monotonous. We bought an "ala card" at a restaurant and it was supposed to be in Italian. It was close to the Italian restaurant and what we were served was what most people would eat at the cantina. I do not recommend the "ala card": in my opinion, it is a scam. Advantages: -good location, close to some markets and shops. - slides for children and adults, but open only from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. - The animations are nice and there is fun, but sometimes until late at night and this can bother others who have a room next to the pools. -water in the coolers on a regular basis Defects -definitely a very small beach and damaged sun loungers. -watered down drinks -Internet only in the lobby and very weak. -a lot of food, but monotonous, and a lot of fast food. - there were unwashed reusable plastic cups - Unfortunately, tourists leave a terrible mess and the staff can't always clean it up quickly, but they try. -Dirty and unkempt bathrooms near the pools and the beach (but this mess is created by people relaxing). -Average coffee from machines -It is difficult to get a table in the canteen. - In the main areas of the hotel, the air conditioning did not always work and it was hot. In my humble opinion, the offices charge too much for a hotel like this. 43. Yorum: Hello, we stayed at the hotel last week as a family with 3 children. We first looked at the reviews but thought how bad it could be, people would be dissatisfied in a 5 star hotel, but even what was said was incomplete, the hotel is a complete disaster, I added photos, the hotel. It's very dirty, the food is bad, we bought alcohol from the buffet outside anyway and a lot of people did that. If you don't want to be poisoned, don't drink it. Crowded, people on top of each other, queues everywhere, full of Arab guests, even of all nations except Russians and Germans, I passed in front of this hotel, which is called a family hotel, where there were many homeless people. that, stay home instead of going here, they ruined our best vacation. We returned home very unhappy with our family. 44. Yorum: I definitely don't recommend it. The staff is insufficient, the service is non-existent, it is crowded, the main dish is chicken and fish. Salt water runs in the room. We even set our table. There are no bottled drinks. There is no staff who knows cocktails. Holidays end in queues. It looks like they've been cleaned. The glasses are dirty. The owner was a builder who only cared about appearance. You don't even put water in the refrigerator. Who gave this place 5 stars. I have too much money to dishonor you, this is you 🤣 45. Yorum: This is a hotel where I can say that I was disappointed with my vacation. The cleanliness, the food, the hygiene, the pool and especially the sea are terrible. Let the huge gravel stones sink into your feet. The toilets near Aguapark are full of urine. Most employees don't care about your problems abroad. Who cares who? The cable in the room was broken, they came and fixed it. The air conditioning was broken, they came and fixed it. The cabinets we bought were full of dried insects. I wouldn't mind the comments here, but should I really be worried about the money I paid for the kids to get germs from the pool and get sick on the second day of vacation? Don't go brother, you'll regret it, I'm telling you. Don't be fooled by the hotel's YouTube ads, none of it is real. 46. Yorum: It was the worst hotel I have ever been to. Negatives: Dinners were too bad to eat. The meat dish was served twice a week, but we only liked one of them, the other meat dish didn't even taste good, it was not clear what meat it was. At the hotel we booked all-inclusive, they order ice cream by the pool, money for waffles, and a scoop of ice cream costs two euros. There is only one woman in the pancake section, but she never comes, you have to wait 1 hour for two pancakes. No alcohol is consumed in the hotel, only alcoholic cocktails with syrup are prepared. Drinks are served in a clear plastic cup that makes it difficult to even hold in your hand. You want alcohol, not ice to pour in it. All alcohol offered for free is of the lowest quality and quality alcohol is sold for a fee. Instead of raki, something similar to a spirit, called seven raki, is given. We buy cherry juice for the kids, as we know. They are supposed to clean the rooms, smooth the sheets and leave. Towels are not changed. The towels we bought when we went down to the pool smelled damp, as if they had been dried and handed out without washing. The liquid soap they put in the bathroom smells the same as the shampoo, they are probably the same, there is no hair conditioner, nor toothpaste. The alarm sounds as soon as you open the door and doesn't stop until you close it. The children woke up every time they came in or out. The animations during the day are very bad. What is done at night is insufficient. A trailer with a seat has been built behind the tractor, allowing transport to the sea. You can't swim in the sea because of the dirt, the showers don't work and the water doesn't flow. The hotel's disco is closed and they kick you out every night. Wi-Fi in the room is subject to a fee. Positives: The chicken doner for lunch is amazing, we ate it every day and never got tired of it. nice pool The water parks were nice. The interior design of the hotel and the bathroom were nice. Definitely not worth the money we paid. We went with the recommendation of the Jolly tour. Our vacation, which we had been looking forward to for a year, fell through. We were dishonored with our money. 47. Yorum: I'm in a hotel right now. This place is really a waste of money. The sink areas in their rooms smell bad. The air conditioning does not work in the rooms. There is no one serving in the restaurant, nor is there anyone collecting what you eat or drink on the sun loungers by the pool. There are no food options. There is no such thing as red meat. Meals served at lunchtime are also served in the evening. This is a 5 star hotel as far as alcohol is concerned, drinks with unknown names and unknown origins are served. The incredible crowd can accommodate around 3,000 people and there are many guests from African and Asian countries. Don't come, brother. 48. Yorum: We booked this on a last minute break from work. It was very nice and relaxing for us. However, the hotel room cleaning is very poor and they don't even bother to change the sheets during the stay… 49. Yorum: I felt the need to write these comments while I was at the hotel. First of all, I would like to thank the management and staff of our hotel. They are very kind, caring and relevant. The hotel is very big and beautiful. The rooms are nice. The hotel and our rooms are clean. The pools and water parks are beautiful and as a hotel guest, I have a few recommendations. I ASK THE HOTEL MANAGEMENT. I would also like to point out that we have encountered some minor issues. For example, our room is missing cleaning products. Ice creams are paid for. There are opportunities to eat and drink. types of things, but they're not delicious. The drinks have no taste. And the tap water doesn't taste good. It would be even better if what I wrote was taken into consideration and improved... I would be happy if you would evaluate my comment BECAUSE THE HOTEL IS OF QUALITY, IT DETERMINES OUR PLACE WITH RESPECT. 50. Yorum: Friends, pay attention to the bad comments, we didn't believe it and we regret it. First of all, the rooms are not what they appear on the website, they have a headboard with fun digital prints. The room was not ready. There is a table on the balcony, no chairs, the closet is empty, there were no cotton swabs, slippers, etc., they were brought in pieces after we asked for them. It smells like sewage throughout the hotel. Even the toilet drain in the room smells bad. He even packed suitcases full of ants into the room. We left the hotel and were already in the car, ants were still coming out of the bags. The first day we went, although the drinks machine was not turned off, we were told it was closed, even though there were still people in line. The bartender said to the boy, "No thanks, let him come, I can give it to you." Attached is a picture of us buying a drink with a huge mucus-like stain on the glass. There are many types of food and desserts, but none of them are delicious. It only focuses on creating variety, there is no flavor. It is a hotel built on a huge area but of poor quality. It has 811 rooms and all rooms are full. There are few elevators for 4-5 people in the hotel and there is no ventilation. you don't come, you can't breathe. We had to go down from the fifth floor to -1. The lady with glasses at the reception is not friendly at all. You remind me of the older sisters in student affairs. Except for the energy of the girls waiting at the restaurant door and the waiter friends, everyone walks around with faces as if they were forced to work. I previously commented on the cleanliness of the hotel, and it was a hotel I would never go to again. Good luck to those who are leaving😊 51. Yorum: First of all, hello. We made the reservation without looking at the hotel's reviews. The day we arrived we read the comments and we left and we were very worried. Contrary to what is written, it was a very pleasant holiday for us. We checked out today and left the hotel very happy. We were greeted very kindly at the main entrance, our room was spotless, cleaned every day, towels changed, pool was clean, food and buffet was good, everything was perfect, evening activities etc. The only negative things we can think of are that the Wi-Fi in the room is paid, there are no bathroom slippers and certain parts of the sea are rocky. Other than that, the service we received for the price given in today's economy was. very high. I wanted to write this comment against the negative comments. All poolside bars are free, but paid ones are indicated. Poolside ice cream and buffet bars are complimentary. Waffles, ice cream and corn paid for. Seriously, contrary to what is written in the comments, it is a clean and nice business. Thanks to the Alan Xafira family for everything. I hope this comment reaches people who are planning to come but read the comments and have negative thoughts. 52. Yorum: The hotel is big and nice, the staff is friendly and attentive. The food is good, but the pancakes, doner and kumpiri by the pool are great. Especially the Animation team is always active and positive. Gracias. 53. Yorum: This hotel is a complete regret. The food is a disgrace. It's the same every day. There is always turkey and chicken. If the turkey goes extinct, it seems this hotel will too. People are made fun of for paying so much for red meat for one day. The desserts are a complete disaster. They pour sherbet over the dough and give it to people. A dessert looks like it has nuts in it, but you have to look at it under a microscope to see the nuts. Towels in the rooms are changed every 3 days. I have never experienced such misfortune anywhere. The quality of the client is perfect. Late at night, constant screams can be heard from the adjoining rooms. You have to see the pollution of the sea, a tiny beach with dirty sea drawings, broken and dirty sun loungers. They say there is a ferry to get to the sea, so you go by tractor. The soap you will wash your hands with in the bathroom is the same soap you will use in the shower. We go to a 5 star hotel every year. This is the first time I've been wrong. This place doesn't even get 3 stars. The hotel bathrooms are dirty. I feel sorry for him because I spent so much money for nothing. 54. Yorum: We spent a family vacation at this hotel from 09/09/24 to 20/09/24. Upon our arrival at 2am, which was already 10th September 2024, we were refused to check into our room because the tour operator had not booked a room for our family. From 2 in the morning until 9 in the morning we had to be at the reception. From 9:00 to 10:00 we find out how this happened. We paid for the holiday, the travel company paid and the tour operator confirmed the booking. It turns out that the hotel (5*) had a computer program failure. My family, tired after the journey, the flight and another 2 hours of travel from the airport to the hotel, was forced to spend 8 hours on the couch until we were checked into our room at 10am. Furthermore, I note that neither the host tour operator nor the hotel apologized. Overall the hotel is not bad, but it hasn't been renovated for a while. We were on holiday here in 2018. Very good animation, new performances every day. A tractor with trailer takes between 2 and 4 minutes to get to the beach. We walked for 5-7 minutes. The storm was strong at sea, destroying the entire beach and breaking the iron canopies. The food is good, there are many options. Lots of fresh fruit. Special thanks to the bartenders, the cocktails are not bad. But strong drinks... nothing. Room cleaning is a completely separate issue... Not only are the rooms not cleaned every day, but there is also theft. They got into a closed suitcase, rummaged through things, found a wallet and stole $20. An acquaintance also had a gold chain and pendant stolen from his suitcase. When we reported the theft to reception, we received the response that they have safes in their rooms, to keep all their valuables there and not to provoke our room cleaners. Overall, the holiday was great. I will not go to this hotel again. 55. Yorum: The staff is friendly and helpful, but the hotel is a weak 4 star. The pool is big and good, but dirty from time to time. The beach is terrible, because of the stones you couldn't even go into the sea without any problems, although this route with stones is understandable. The alcohol is bad, but the staff and bartenders readily request "stronger" so that's a plus. The rooms are dirty, the water is not clear. "Ultra all-inclusive" is impossible, because even Wi-Fi is paid for and the minibar is filled only with drinking water. The central bar stinks and the unsanitary conditions are very visible. On the tap with ayran and flies in general. The food is the same and doesn't always look appetizing. The elevators are dirty and very slow, except for the central ones near the reception. Advantages: a large room, in principle quite good for a hotel of this type, a large balcony, the air conditioning works well and there is also a safe. There are local shops in the hotel, but of course it is better to go to the shops on the way to the beach, it is much cheaper there. The animators are great, they encourage everyone to dance and make good contact. The coffee is bad only from the machine, but the tea is delicious. There is a lot of smoke coming from the grill where the meat is being prepared for dinner, making it impossible to sit outside, but the meat is delicious. In general, the vacation was not bad, but the hotel, of course, affects the impression. Those who have stayed in better options, better not choose this one, because this hotel is definitely not “price-quality”. READ THE REVIEWS AND PAY ATTENTION, because I didn't ask, but in the end they turned out to be true. 56. Yorum: You should definitely take into account the comments made. 1- The hotel has serious cleanliness problems. The plates, glass cups, metal surfaces in the rooms and elevator doors were clean, but due to the weather they were scratched or cloudy, we couldn't drink anything from the glass cup. 2- The hotel does not have a place to park the car, you park it in front of the door on the road. 3- The children's water is at a sufficient level. There is not enough water for adults. You can't slide down the slides, your back hurts. There are only 4 slides, they hurt your back too. 4- The bathing areas are sufficient, but I would like there to be a deep place for 1.40 meters tall. 5- Entertainment is partially sufficient. 6 - The non-alcoholic portion at the free drink stations is bad and like sherbet. 7 - You may have missed that there is no free Wi-Fi in the rooms. 8- The dishes are always the same, with an additional type of product being added to the same dishes. edible delicious 9 - There are many delicious desserts In short, the hotel is a little below average. In fact, it should be a 4 star hotel. If you're asking if the hotel is worth going to, I wouldn't choose it next year unless I want to go to a 5. Star hotel. 57. Yorum: Hotel 4, needs cleaning. The food is delicious, no problems with the food. For late night diners, soup and salads are left after 11 p.m. m. The pool is large, clean, with a depth of 1.4 m throughout. There seems to be enough room for everyone. A tractor with a trailer takes it to the sea. We didn't receive any birthday presents, not even a plate of fruit, which is very strange. The main bar next to the pool smells like sour milk and something else, not very pleasant. It seems like there are no more problems if you don't pay attention to the little things. For example, the ceiling of the place where you leave your suitcases is covered in mold. There are remains of metal structures sticking out on the shore near the sea, be careful. Photo added. 58. Yorum: The rooms are dirty and the hygiene is very bad. We walked into the room thinking it was ready, but there was hair on the floor, there wasn't even water in the cupboard and there was no shampoo or anything in the bathroom. There was constant noise during our vacation, it was almost impossible to sleep at night, we did not understand if it was a construction site or a hotel. When we called and told them, they said they were investigating and the investigation has been going on for 3 days now. The power went out, the water went out. It is very difficult to connect to the reception, the reception is very bad. In the bathrooms they fill and give liquid soap as shampoo. It is a 5 star hotel, but there are no toiletries in the bathroom. Long wait for the elevator. Unless you ask for everything one by one, nothing gets done. I will NEVER come again. 59. Yorum: Have a nice holiday everyone, now let's begin with our entrance to the hotel. Upon check-in, you will be met by an indifferent and surly receptionist who will dismiss you with 5 words. You won't find anyone to carry your luggage. voice. Anyway, you go to your room, you will find your room if you have been to this hotel before. It's difficult if you haven't come. The rooms are not very hygienic, you enter the room, you have bath towels, but you do not have hand and face towels. If you don't use a towel for your head, you can use it as a hand and face towel. A hair dryer is a machine that makes you wonder if it should work or not😁. Previously, shower gel and shampoo were separated, it is not clear whether hand soap, shower gel or shampoo was used. When you enter the room, if it is a 5 star hotel, I think there should be alcoholic drinks in the minibar and there should also be a coffee machine. Frankly, one would rather have tea in it. Night room. Pay the money and see the view you find. Speakeasy bars, why wait in line for minutes to get ridiculous drinks, drinks with no value, no flavor or anything like that? The dining room is terrible, you can't find a seat, it should be improved in the hotel, which is very busy. The food is the same every day, can't it change a little? What can employees do as robots? People fight over sun loungers at the same pool every day, everyone is fighting each other. People come here on holiday, but nerves are on edge. This is my second visit but I do not recommend it to anyone. I advise you not to come and waste your money. 60. Yorum: By far the worst 5 star hotel ever. The hotel itself is very big, but that's the only positive thing. It's more like a 3 star hotel. The rooms are old. The bedding has stains and is not changed every day. There is only salt water in the entire hotel. We had to brush our teeth with bottled water. There is too much chlorine in the pool. We all got sick and spent the night in the hospital. We all threw up, according to the doctor it was probably because of the water. The food doesn't taste good and is the same every day. It stinks everywhere in the hallway, in the room, in the lobby, in the elevator. The cocktails are bad. The coffee tastes bad. The staff is unfriendly. The bathrooms and toilets are dirty and old. There is no hygiene here. There is no Turkish coffee. Sometimes there are no lemons or certain alcoholic drinks at the bar. All drinks are hot. It's a shame for the money and time. If you want to have a bad holiday, you can come. 61. Yorum: I'm writing to you from the hotel right now. The cleaning of the rooms is terrible. We had a week's vacation, but we were completely broke. Even though they didn't stock the mini bar before we arrived, we called several times the second day and it was stocked that way. After that, no one came back into the room. There was a bad smell when going to the dining room. In the hallway, they always put the same food in the room, we couldn't see a plate of meat, everything we ate made our stomachs swell and made us uncomfortable. They did it in a small bar and the alcohol was in terrible condition. In terms of entertainment, the staff were friendly, but everything else was food and drink. The pool at the Aquapark was bad. The facial expression of the friends working on the beach was sullen and indifferent. pass by this hotel. 62. Yorum: There is always fruit here and it is fresh. There is a pool and a sea to choose from, the staff helps you with any questions if you ask, and the animation is just great, I have been to many hotels, but here the shows are memorable and the guys have fantastic dances and all the activities, the drinks are well served, you don't feel like you are being cheated, as it often happens in other places 63. Yorum: The hotel's cooling system is terrible. The food, mostly turkey meat and bread, is left uncut every day, and one day the air conditioning doesn't work, so it is cut and eaten with sweaty hands. The taste of the food is 5 out of 10, the cleanliness is zero, one day I saw poop on the floor of the elevator, I got off, but what did I see? It was a mess of poop in front of the door... Since everything. The floors were covered in carpet, I warned the staff downstairs, but they called me to warn the people upstairs, and the customers were strange... Rooms are cleaned every 3 days, the children's pool is terrible, the child had pooped in the pool there and 1 day later the child got sick. In cafes, burgers are made from ready-made pizza, cold baked potatoes and hard burger buns. Parking is outside, park on the side of the road, God willing... Also, it's very interesting that the friend who hands out towels downstairs talks like the owner of the hotel... Dear Jolly employees, I advise you to read these comments and take the necessary precautions. I definitely wouldn't recommend it. 64. Yorum: We went to Xafira Deluxe Resort two weeks ago. It was important for the children that there was plenty of fun in the water, and the adjacent water park in particular made a great impression. Upon arrival it appears to be a very large hotel. The bathroom, toilet and bedroom were fine. But for a 5 star hotel I expected something better. Were the pools quite full of warm water? I was wondering if the swimming water was changed periodically. It was all inclusive but the minibar was only filled with cold water. If you still wanted freshly squeezed orange juice, you had to pay 3 euros. The location is not suitable if you want to go to the beach frequently. Once every 15 minutes, a tractor-trailer will pass by to take you to the beach and/or pick you up. There is also a hotel snack bar on the beach. The beach has pebbles for the first 10 meters, so be careful. Preferably wear bathing shoes. The air conditioning in the room was sufficient. Fortunately, we had arranged for a second pass to keep the air conditioning running continuously. The food was good, there are so many options that you really won't starve. Our next choice will surely not be Xafira. 65. Yorum: We booked 3 rooms for 9 people. We were not satisfied. Negative aspects: - Sheets and towels were not clean. - There is no shampoo, cream, hygiene kit etc. in the bathroom. 1 soap and 1 unknown liquid inside the shower stall. - The toilet and shower stall were not clean. - There is no kettle, tea or coffee etc. in the room. They didn't even put slippers. - They give you the beach towel once, but when you go to change it they tell you that they will give it to you at 7pm. - Open buffet; There are so many options but every day there is the same thing. We ate the same thing for 5 days! - We didn't see any meat (except meatballs) or seafood (except 1 type of fish). - The dishes were very dirty. There were stains and oils as if it had just been washed with water. - They have attached a box to the back of the tractor, so transporting it is not comfortable. - The beach is small and very close together. - The sea is very wavy. - They have installed a sound system on the door of the room, if it is left open for a while it immediately rings. It is very annoying to constantly hear other people's doorbells. - There are very few alcohol options. - An all-inclusive hotel. I wouldn't choose him again. - We couldn't find Shenzong by the pool. Too crowded. - 15 minutes before departure, they knocked on our door and asked us when he would be leaving. Positive aspects: - There is a water park. - The rooms are large. - The pool is big. 66. Yorum: I came with friends, checked in immediately and the staff was very polite. The hotel is huge, big clean pools, cold water slides. On the first day there was a party at the hotel, I really liked it, the host was great Aybars, the animators were fun, thanks to Rimma😘 The beach is close by, 5 minutes away, the shuttle service is also very convenient. There are many markets and shops near the hotel, if you need anything you can buy everything, there is a large selection. We plan to come back here again, thanks for a great vacation! 67. Yorum: We were going to have a 2-day vacation from October 4th to 6th, but I could only stay for 1 night. Everything is dirty, there is always sewage, the food is so bad I couldn't eat a piece of cake, it doesn't deserve a single star. I would like to thank Mustafa Dönmez at Erkturizmorganizasyon for making me travel 220 km and giving me such a bad experience. 68. Yorum: We stayed with my family for 3 nights and 4 days. There was a small hygiene problem. The main dishes were inadequate and tasteless. We were satisfied with the rest. There were good activities for the children. The animation team was of high quality. Overall the attitude of the staff was good. However, when she returned from sea, the officer thought she was a foreigner because she was blonde and spoke Turkish slang. (He said, "Come on, come on.") When he realized I was Turkish, he didn't know where to run. It would have been better without these. 69. Yorum: First of all, I would like to thank the reception manager and Mr. Hasan from the call center. As I came from Ankara to another hotel, it was terrible, I immediately called this hotel, which normally does not accept me for two nights, accepted me and gave me my room without leaving me alone with my two children... I would also like to thank all the staff, from the kitchen cook to the chef, for serving such a variety of food to so many people, especially in the dessert section, from the sorbet section. There were all kinds of desserts, from. milk to fruit. The appetizers and salads were wonderful, it is impossible to leave hungry. I saw everything from meat to fish and chicken in two days. I didn't understand what the people who spoke were expecting. I think it was fun to go with a marine tractor, with seats in the back. Although the first entrance to the sea is made of stone, the rest is made of sand, there we rode the banana boat, it was very fun, I recommend it. I don't want to say anything negative, but I can't help but say it to be careful... Room cleaning is not just cleaning towels and sheets, please clean the toilet and sinks should be washed with bleach. The background was very bad. I think housekeeping should not be criticized in such a large and beautiful hotel. Thanks for everything. 70. Yorum: The date is 7/28. As a travel agent, my opinion is that this hotel is 3 stars. Hygiene is below zero. The toilet in the room has dirty stains, the brush is like that, the stones in the bathroom are also covered with lime water, dirt and rust. I shared the photos, you can take a look. Their beds are not comfortable and their bottoms are dirty and dusty. Towels, used pillowcases. They changed rooms and the other room was even worse. Plastic plates and cups in the restaurant. The same food every day. Cold baked potatoes, pizzas prepared by the pool, you have to go buy the cutlery yourself. Everyone talks like a boss. When it comes to the boss, the pancake sister says that the boss ordered while we were waiting, makes us wait, puts the boss first, and when it's our turn, she says that my work schedule is over and leaves. There's a lot to tell, but if you want to be in disgrace with your money, go ahead. 71. Yorum: We came with friends, everything is new, there are great shows and parties every day, the host and the entertainers are cheerful and sociable. Big clean pools and a cool water park. The beach is also close, a train passes every 10 minutes or a 5 minute walk. There are many shops and markets near the hotel, which is very convenient. 72. Yorum: Huge facilities, with a spa, indoor and outdoor pools, gym, restaurant, shops and water park. Internet available in the lobby, free, even works quite well, paid in the rooms. The reception staff were pleasant and helpful. Rooms are cleaned casually, nothing crazy, even after tipping, they throw towels randomly and do poor cleaning. There is water left every day, a bottle for everyone. If the staff does not enter the room, there is water at the door. Spacious rooms, with balconies or terraces. Large bathroom, large shower, hot water, WC with bidet, hair dryer. The shower was broken and the cistern was also broken after a cleaning. There is TV in the rooms and air conditioning that works perfectly. You bring two letters into the room. A small and large towel for everyone. Common areas are cleaned regularly, but it's hard to keep order in such a large facility when guests don't care. There are places where dust remains for weeks, elevator doors have not been washed for a long time. The restaurant is large, spacious and the food is tasty. Lots of fresh vegetables and fruit, lots of cakes, not very good for me, but it's a matter of taste. The meat is tasty. Unwashed dishes, missing cutlery. Dirty and worn seats. There are not enough places. The water park is not very safe, you can tear your skin or scratch yourself on the joints of the slides. Apparently it is open from 10am to 4pm, but there is a break at midday. Bar available with snacks, drinks and ice cream. The main pools are very nice, the only downside is a lot of hair and dirty sun loungers. Water available at every step. Animations in Turkish, English and Russian, although there are many in Polish. Aqua aerobics and zumba in the pool. There was also a foam cannon. There are animations for children and shows for adults in the amphitheater. There is a disco every day from 9:30 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. in the pool area. The drinks are a huge mess, too sweet and have little to no alcohol. 15 minutes walk from the beach, but there is a tractor. The beach is ugly, dirty and the sun loungers are crap. 73. Yorum: The hotel was very nice overall, we came as a family and we liked it a lot. The rooms are very big and nice and also very clean. There are usually cola drinks, soft drinks, etc. in their cupboards. Apart from that, there is a lot of variety of food, there is a small variety of red meats, but you won't be looking for much in them. The pools are very large, the water park is also large and the hotel in general is large. We left the hotel without seeing everything. There is a gym, etc. There is a Turkish bath and a sauna. The beach is very bad, it has huge stones and they hit your feet. But we were extremely satisfied with the attention and care of the hotel, thank you. 74. Yorum: A hotel that does not deserve 5 stars. Cleanliness is 0. When we ask for room cleaning, they come and scold us saying "I entered this room", not even the towels have been changed, there is no detail in cleaning, the. The place is cleaned and left. The restaurant section is inadequate, we have difficulty finding a table, the food is always the same, the staff is inadequate, the tables are dirty, the pool sides are dirty, the sun loungers are dirty, our room is in the section facing the pool. , the pool or its edges were not washed even once. The taste of the drinks is very bad, half of them are filled with water and they taste disgusting. The beach is very bad, the sunbeds are broken, there are limited places, it is made of stones, we went into the sea once, whoever comes should take this into account, it is a hotel that will never be recommended. 75. Yorum: I'm at the hotel right now, guys. The only good thing about it is its pool and its water. The food is beyond terrible, I've been eating fries since I've been here, let's not take credit, the salad bar is good, the alcohol is disgusting, if you drink it you can quit the alcohol as soon as you drink it, and the good thing is the rest is worthless, don't waste your money, I got burned, you don't get burned. There is a smell of sewage coming from the bathroom, the dishes are not clean, this hotel could have been a 4 star hotel. 76. Yorum: The location of the hotel is good, but the rooms are not clean, towels are missing or the toilet and bathroom are not cleaned every day. The food at the hotel is terrible, like in a merchant's restaurant, the same food every day, mostly chicken and fish, there was no meat, we decided as a family that we will not eat chicken for 1 month after the vacation. The prices are 5 star luxury, but the service, food and drink are 3 star hotel quality. The pool and water park are nice and sufficient. We couldn't find mayonnaise in the hotel for 1 week, they will go to this hotel, take mayonnaise, waffles cost 320 TL. The waffles we eat abroad for 3 euros cost 9 euros in this hotel. The staff is trying their best but it is inadequate, especially the lady who makes pancakes at your house and by the pool is beyond amazing. 77. Yorum: Everything is very bad one by one. It is not possible to understand why those who wrote good comments wrote this. First of all, everything is extremely dirty and there are cockroaches in the restaurant. You tell the staff that fumigation is never done. There are no empty sun loungers to be found at the pool and the pool is so blurry that you can't see inside. You go to the sea by tractor and the beach is the worst beach I have ever seen in my life. The sun loungers are down to the ground and so dirty that they are never cleaned and it is not possible to sit on them. The bar where you can buy drinks is only available by the pool, and every time you want to buy a drink, you have to queue for 15-20 minutes, like in the army. We asked for water in the room and it was brought to us on the 4th day 😅 so there was nothing we were satisfied with. It's really bad. We are a nation that typically takes a vacation once a year, so don't ruin your vacation. 78. Yorum: Unfortunately it is not the second time, which is the appropriate description. Bad food. Small, inadequate and unappetizing selection. Noisy room. Room facing the pool, with incredibly loud noise from 10am. m. until midnight. The pool scenery is quite nice. For the conditions of this hotel, I think the pool is really good. However, the pool bar is a disaster, dirty and always understaffed like so many other places. It has lost the shine it had in its early years. Dirty, temporarily repaired defects and very poorly done. Cleanliness leaves much to be desired in all areas. The beach is not sandy, the sand is fine grained, the beach is pebble and just not worth it. The staff is really bad. Overwhelmed, no desire, no frustration, no clarity. The reception staff were supposed to speak German and English, but that didn't work at all. No matter what things we were there with, they did not understand us nor did they want to understand us. WiFi in the room for 7 days 44€ I am super disappointed! 😞 79. Yorum: The food is always the same, and the desserts, except for the sorbet, are only visually beautiful. Flavors are never pretty. The beach is not like the photo. There are very large stones and it is a very small, very neglected area. It is not a sea to enter. The shower water is lukewarm most of the time and does not get hot. If you are Turkish, you will feel like a tourist here, everyone is a foreigner. The bedrooms, hallways and dining room are also too dark. You feel overwhelmed. We are never satisfied. It did not meet our expectations in any way. 80. Yorum: We go to different 5 star hotels every year, I can say this is the worst hotel I have ever been to. The food is terrible, every day the same thing, turkey, fish, chicken (we didn't like the same thing for breakfast) The hotel is very full (I heard it has capacity for 3,500 people, if that's true). You have to wait in line to eat for hours. If you can get food, it is important to find a place to sit. you find it difficult, you look for a table for hours with a plate in your hand) The toilets are dirty, I'm not sure if they are cleaned during the day. The housekeeper told us that the bath towels we use in the rooms are changed every 3 days. That's why I think this hotel can be 3 or 4 stars. If anyone wants to go, I think they should consider different options if they have them. 81. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful, its location is good, it has a car to transport you from the hotel to the hotel's private coast and vice versa, and the food is good. However, there are comments that more staff are required to clean the rooms well and pay attention to the cleanliness of the rooms and the refrigeration in the hotel is weak. All staff are respectful and polite. Internet within the hotel is not free. 82. Yorum: The hotel itself is not bad, we had a large family room, but we had a strong musty smell after showering, towels are only changed every 3 days. The pool area is nice, the beach is not attractive. Food… 83. Yorum: It is the worst hotel I have ever seen in my life. We were there for an organization with my team. The service is zero, the cleanliness is zero, the food is zero, above all the gentleman in charge of the dining room is disrespectful. It is interesting that a hotel that is so bad in every aspect still provides service without correcting its deficiencies, especially the lack of respect from the reception and dining room staff is unacceptable. I wonder where management is and what they are doing. He leaves the hotel happy. I also condemn the tourist companies that insistently direct clients to this hotel. Please be a little honest in what you do. 84. Yorum: Only the food was good, since I don't like meat, the appetizers, salads and vegetable dishes seemed fine to me. There was chicken and fish but I didn't see any red meat. The size of the rooms and balconies are good, how should I start regarding cleanliness? There was dust under the beds, they clean all the rooms with the same mop, so even if they clean the floor, it is sticky. They clean the floors but they don't touch the tables. The room is also interesting. The beds are very hard and high with very hard pillows, I must say the neck and back pain devastated me. I think the cleaning staff should be completely overhauled and more employees hired. Even the hallway is dirty😳 it shouldn't be difficult to buy a 85 floor scrubbing machine. Yorum: Where to start…. The hotel's cleanliness in general is fine, however the rooms are a different story. The skirting boards in the room have not been cleaned for a long time, you can see a lot of dust along them… 86. Yorum: The hotel is an old hotel, don't pay attention to the positive comments, pay attention to the negative comments, don't say anything else, they have written even a little bit. The hotel is in complete chaos, the queue for food is packed like the subway queues of yesteryear. There is no hygiene, there is a bad smell. Eating here is like the hunger games. Unfortunately the pool is dirty. The water park is beautiful. There is no beach, they take you to the sea with a tractor, it is an indescribable experience. Holidays here are only possible if they are free, for a maximum of 3 days. 87. Yorum: This must be peace. It is a nice place where children have fun and families can relax. I don't think it would be cold in October, but it had a very nice and unique atmosphere. It has a peaceful and fragrant nature. We listened very well and had fun. It was a pleasant experience. 88. Yorum: A 3-4 star hotel, maybe 5 or 10 years ago. Overall, the external impression is positive. It's worse inside. There is not enough staff for such a large hotel. Lobby and hallways without air conditioning. They are not cleaned thoroughly. Many Russians, also Poles, Turks and some English. As for food, there is something for everyone to choose from. I would definitely not choose this hotel again... And this is my seventh stay in Türkiye. Unfortunately this is the worst. 89. Yorum: The Alan Hafira Hotel exceeded all my expectations! There really is something for everyone here. Excellent service, cozy rooms and convenient location made my stay unforgettable. The hotel has a wonderful… 90. Yorum: We were there in early October. The rooms are standard but we didn't stay in them for long, they are cleaned every day and towels are changed. Food is plentiful and everywhere. The pool is huge and there are always free sun loungers. The animation lasts all day and is wonderful. The disadvantages are the cleanliness in the common areas of the hotel and the service in the bars. The common areas of the hotel, I would say that some are quite dirty. There are huge queues at bars and 50g. the alcohol is distributed in 4 glasses 91. Yorum: We were on vacation in May. When we went to this hotel we read the reviews, we didn't pay much attention to the bad ones, as it usually happens, many people are greedy and only write negative things. But unfortunately all the bad reviews that were written happened to us 👍 We were moved to a room that was not clean. The mini bar was not stocked with anything. There is a dirty ashtray on the balcony (we don't smoke, but that's a fact). We rested for 8 days. In 8 days they cleaned us 3 times, and only because I went and said bad words. The garbage bags were not removed or replaced, only at my request... The cleaning is done very poorly. There is so much dirt under the bed it's scary. They don't clean it at all... They did not clean the surfaces well. There is nothing in the bathroom, not even accessories. There is nowhere to put your toothbrush and toothpaste except on its dirty surface. The water in the sink drains very slowly. There appears to be a blockage. In 8 days we only refilled the refrigerator with water twice. We had to constantly ask for water, cleaning, change of towels or toilet paper. We didn't leave the reception. The food is monotonous. There was almost no fruit. No baby food. Patatas fritas, pasta, nuggets... that's all. There is no porridge... The dishes are dirty and greasy. There is dry food on the forks. Child seats are NOT WASHABLE AT ALL. On every trip, I cleaned the baby's highchair myself with wet napkins. On the beach, the sun loungers at our hotel were the dirtiest, most broken and the beach itself was not good. If you take a walk along the beach, check it out for yourself. We were very unhappy. 92. Yorum: Although the hotel was big and looked great from the outside, the inside of the hotel was the complete opposite. Although the rooms are large; However, the toilet often smells of urine. The shower was broken and very old, and the bathroom was not equipped with anything a 5 star hotel should offer. At night the food stalls smelled of beer, the floor was slippery because of all the grease on the ground. The food was the same every day and everything tasted the same. The service was good; if you needed something, you got it right away. But the hotel does not deserve 5 stars because a five star hotel should offer much more in terms of cleanliness. The gym was completely trashed; you couldn't train properly with any equipment and the equipment was very old. The beach was very small, more stones than sand, and the prices for water sports were very high. I would never book this hotel again even if it was free. There was really loud music all the time, so you think, I'm here to relax and not listen to loud music. 93. Yorum: The hotel and rooms were fine. There were very few options to eat and some foods had no taste. Very disappointed with the drinks... they were of the lowest quality and we had to wait in long queues every time we wanted something. The shower water was so bad one night that it was all yellow, the beach was very bad and full of rocks, I suggest you only use the pool which was very nice. Also, what made our stay at the hotel great was the animation team who made sure we were never bored, with the pool games and parties, so if I ever thought of going back there, it would only be thanks to them. 94. Yorum: I've never seen such a disgraceful hotel, but I applaud the guys. Despite this performance, the hotel was full. The same food was served for 3 days. The number of employees cleaning the tables in the kitchen is very small. food, you wait half an hour for someone to come and clean the table. Half an hour for a drink at the lobby bar, pool bar. Then you have to wait. lifted, the spaces in the slides have opened up. When you or your child slips, the body shatters. Since the number of staff is low, the workload of the staff has increased and the current staff behave very aggressively towards customers. In short, it is a complete disgrace. 95. Yorum: We went on vacation as 4 people, the reception and reception are very nice, the rooms are nice, they come to clean every day, but the food is a disgrace, we stuffed ourselves with chips and pasta every day, there is an unpleasant smell in the dining room, the staff is extremely insufficient, ethical alcohol you know in terms of alcohol, the alcohol of the world, even if you drink it, you will not get high. There are no plates in the dining room. The queue for drinks is one and two people standing in the big restaurant, look what nonsense, they open Aqua at certain hours and there is no entertainment in the hotel, the hotel doesn't even have a disco, they remove the service for the disco at night, think about it, there is a fee and you enter another disco in the center of Alanya for a fee, and they spend this money on the hotel because these are the places we look for if you come from a hotel. , he said 500 TL. My friend called the same company and said we didn't come from a hotel. He said okay, admission is free. This is a very funny and embarrassing situation. No way, we were starving, we literally paid a lot of money, I definitely do not recommend it, stay in an apartment, definitely do not go to this hotel. 96. Yorum: We checked into a large room for $50, with three balconies, a luxury room with sea view.|The hotel area is well maintained, nice, the water park is not big, but good, especially the pirate one… 97. Yorum: We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it is not far from the beach, you can walk or use transportation. The water park is huge, children will not be bored. They will be busy during the day and night. There is also a kids' club where you can leave the children for a while. Everything was great, perfect for families with children. 98. Yorum: There is only water in the hotel. There is trash around the room and chicken meatballs are the only menu every day. The food is the same every day and of low quality. The cleanliness is very bad, so I came here with confidence because Loly recommended it to me. I'm sorry, I won't be buying from Joly again. Everyone I talk to says they won't come back. The animation team is very friendly and keeps the hotel afloat. I have 3 days to leave, I'm only staying because I paid the money. Furthermore, the sea has never been cleaned, it is rocky, there is no sand, the water is cloudy, you see it once and you will never see it again. There are only chicken meatballs there. At the main pool, there are only chicken meatballs, bim pizza and chicken doner every day. I also talk to the employees and they also complain about the poor quality of the hotel. The hotel building is nice in terms of facilities, but the quality of operation is very high. 99. Yorum: I'm at the hotel right now. It's my second day. I have never seen a hotel that looked so luxurious but was so poorly managed. Many employees are unhappy because they work too many hours and are fed up. in the rooms it does not work. Our door is defective. The water is salty. They are purifying it from the sea. The pools are most likely filled with salt coke machines, not regular water. salty tail, the food is very bad, yesterday they had a barbecue in heaven, the hotel restaurant was full of smoke, I wish they hadn't done it, they have poor ventilation, the food is terrible, I came pregnant, man. I can't find any smart food, they cook fish, but they keep it next to the fire, they freeze inedible food, it may be poisoned, they freeze it, put it in different shapes and bring it to us. Rice and pasta with corn have been available for 2 days. Let's see what happens tomorrow. It is a hotel we will not return to. I wish we had taken the comments seriously. 100. Yorum: We came to the Xafira hotel to spend a week's vacation. Everything was great. We had a lot of fun. There are many young people in the hotel. We would like to thank the animation team. They never left us alone, they are very sweet people, we hope to have the opportunity to meet them again. 101. Yorum: It was terrible in August 2023, there were 3 families and we all got sick. Zero hygiene, pool, sea, food, terrible service. If you want to throw your money away, go ahead. I think no more needs to be said. You pay for the ice cream on the edge. Waffle is an all-inclusive hotel, everything is paid for. The free services are also bad. 102. Yorum: From the moment we walked in, no one cared and we even had a hard time checking in. We found our room difficult because, again, no one was interested. After finding our room, the room that was supposedly cleaned was filled with dirty diapers and trash scattered everywhere. The beds were rumpled and probably used. The soap dispenser and bidet faucet are broken. There is no laundry room, no hangers and many things are broken. Although we have reported it three times so far, it is still not complete. We couldn't have breakfast because everything we touched with our hands turned out to be hairy. They also admit that the bread was left over from yesterday and cannot be eaten anyway. Terrible business 103. Yorum: First of all, I would like to greet the person who read this comment. There is a night man at the hotel reception. There was a problem. I spoke to him. He was giving me a hard time. I don't know, we are from the Black Sea. The owner of this place is from the Black Sea. We cut the guy off here. I don't know what. Another person came to the room. It was the night reception. He treated me the same way. It started in the living room and in the reception area in the same way. The date was Friday, October 11 at 00:33. Please manager, dismiss this reception. I don't know what. 104. Yorum: “NEVER GO TO THIS HOTEL”Anyone who goes to this hotel and says they are very satisfied means they have never been on vacation. I don't know where to start. I asked the waiters if I could have some water. I answered this. Was it because the sister who made the pancake said that it was unscrupulous for her to go 5 minutes before the end of her shift or because there was no water in the mini bar that I was shocked by the bad smells coming from the common area? areas, dirty bathroom, lack of toiletries in rooms, lack of shampoo in shower, no alcohol other than beer, mud on vegetables, couldn't believe the plates, we were looking for cutlery at dinner time, There was no drinks service at dinner, we queued and waited for water for 25 minutes. It's normal in Türkiye. People who stay in hotels in this segment should never go there, Jolly made a reservation, the lady at the call center suggested it. There was no room in the hotel I wanted, I liked the misfortune of the misfortune ❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ 105. Yorum: I gave it 5 stars so my comment would appear at the top. It's not even a 1 star hotel. I don't understand how they gave this hotel the title of ultra all-inclusive hotel. The hotel rooms are large and spacious, but they are not very clean and the water smells strongly of sewage. We were sick to our stomachs. The food is extremely bland and there is no variety. They have introduced ridiculous varieties, everything is hourly in this huge one. hotel to fill up, they have put a bar next to the pool in the huge hotel, the dining room closes at 4, you can't find anything else to eat after dinner, you can't find anything to drink after 12 at night, their alcohol is terrible, unheard of drinks, normal types of drinks. The only good thing about this disgusting hotel is its animations. Other than that, it is an above average hotel. 106. Yorum: Clean and spacious rooms with good size balcony. Soft drinks are stored in the refrigerator only on the first day. The Internet is becoming disappointing. You have to pay for internet service to use it in and around the hotel. The staff told me not to buy it because the internet service is not better. You can only get internet service in the main lobby area. It works irregularly. Nice hotel to stay no more than a week. The kids and evening entertainment are great. Disappointing food not much flavor, although there is a wide variety of food to choose from. There is not much variety of alcoholic beverages. Nice hotel waiting. The hotel does not accept its own currency. They like euros or the pound sterling. Safe and mostly friendly staff. The hotel has a local beach nearby. Get there for free. Nice area but very disappointed beach. Big rocks and not your ideal vacation beach. Worth staying there. 107. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 4 days. I really don't understand the people who made bad comments. For a middle-income family, I think it is a value-for-money hotel. The cleanliness was excellent. and salmon The staff was attentive. What I paid most attention to was the pool. The swimming pool was also very clean. Apart from that, only 1 slide was not working. The lifeguards were very attentive, the food was very delicious. The food was not prepared haphazardly, some snacks were also satisfactory, we were also satisfied with the entertainment, the family and children had a good time, the drinks in the bars were very satisfactory, they were served every 10 minutes, we did not have to wait to go to the sea. In short, the hotel is nice. If you have not stayed in a premium hotel, this hotel will satisfy you. Have a nice holiday, friends. 108. Yorum: The first day they give you all the juice, lemonade, water and mineral water. And in the rest there is plain water, but it doesn't always arrive, so you have to go to reception yourself and ask. There are cracks son, there are some stains in the room. Hand soap is a separate container where you can squeeze and pour out soap of an unknown brand. Before going to the canteen it smells like an old canteen from the USSR. You cannot choose a towel outside the hotel pool or beach. If you dirty your towel you will pay separately. The shower doesn't close, there is no door. There is py in the room. There is air conditioning. There is also a TV showing four Russian channels. Guests wear swimsuits; children also wear swimsuits to eat. Tables are not cleared of dishes quickly, you may end up at a table where there will be empty plates with leftover food from previous customers. Flies can sometimes be seen flying around both indoors and outdoors. The spa here is excellent, the hammam is also excellent. But I was finished off at the spa, my whole spirits went down when I saw a naked girl and no one was looking, I walked out of there and was angry that her parents allowed this to happen. 109. Yorum: We came from Kazakhstan with the whole family, we really liked the hotel, the big swimming pools and the cool water park, the food in the restaurant was very tasty and varied, there were shows and dances every day, a big party on Mondays. Thanks to the show host and entertainers, it was always fun and interesting. My only wishes are for the service, I would like to improve it (robes, slippers, shampoo) But overall everything is great!👍 110. Yorum: A very big and interesting hotel! Clean, very friendly staff. I especially liked the animation! From morning to night you will not be bored, especially in the evening with incendiary programs. Lots of bars, lots of food, lots of drinks. I highly recommend Xafira for a great holiday! Suitable for both family and youth holidays. 111. Yorum: It is a price-performance hotel. I wish we had purchased it as our fourth hotel of the year. This is the first time I've seen a hotel with such poor hygiene. The quality of service was evident as soon as you walked through the door. Security greets you at the hotel and says, "Leave your luggage here, park your car outside on the street and come in." We then checked in and were given a room. The receptionist described the room to us. I asked him if we were going to leave and he said yes. This is how the money delivered was wasted. Sometimes 20, sometimes 40 people queue to buy drinks and there is no table service anywhere in the hotel. It is impossible to find clean dishes in the restaurant. I think they put the fork back on the table without washing it. Table settings are never changed. The variety of food is more in a 3 star hotel. The towels in the room were never changed, the floor was mopped only once in 4 days. Look, I'm saying it very clearly, even if someone comes who has stayed in 5 different 5-star hotels, you can be sure that they will confirm what I wrote. Don't come to this hotel, you can go to a much better hotel for these prices. There are many bad aspects that I have forgotten and cannot write about because it would be too long. 112. Yorum: Very good hotel. I came here with my family for 1 week and we had a wonderful time. The hotel offered everything a 5 star hotel should have. I loved the variety of food and drinks they had, you had a lot to choose from. Also, there was an incredible smell coming from the hotel hallways. 113. Yorum: The hotel's cleanliness is inadequate. When I personally asked the employee if they changed the sheets every time they came to clean the room, he said of course they change them every day, but the bathrooms have the same sheets for 3 days. The dining room is the same and a place to eat, I don't understand how it can be considered a 5 star hotel. The food is too oily and causes nausea after a while I saw another lady pay attention to this but couldn't find a clean plate because the plates you were eating on were dirty. We left all the dishes we bought because they were dirty. It was never washed properly. You will be cheated out of the money you pay and will never get quality service. You can choose the pool if you want to go to bed and build a pool, it is really a shame. 114. Yorum: Successful hotel!!!! Just 😨 terrible, the hotel is dirty, everything is dirty and not nice. The towels and bed linen in the rooms are already in this state, it is not possible to use them, we contacted reception to change them… 115. Yorum: I don't even know where to start!!! The main word that describes this whole experience: UNTIE!!! From the moment you enter the hotel, you can smell a strong smell of sewage and mold. The hotel room is miserable in the truest sense of the word! Dust everywhere, sticky floor and tiles, bathroom full of limescale and the toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a long time. The shower head was broken and was spraying in all directions and the sink was covered in stains and limescale. The staff is not at all qualified, they do not even have a basic level of English, which makes communication very difficult. The dining room is just as squalid, the plates and cutlery are dirty and the food is not kept in the most hygienic manner. The dishes are not labeled, you don't even know what you're eating. The products are not diversified, the same dishes are eaten for a week. Vegetarian food is almost non-existent and the way food is prepared leaves much to be desired. The pool bar area has an unbearable smell of spoiled food and sewage and the drinks are of poor quality. The glasses in which the drinks are served are dirty, full of fingerprints and drops, as if they had not been washed before use. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone, I would not stay here again even for free because everything leaves a lot to be desired!!! 116. Comment: Bonito hotel. Large territory. There are interesting shows every day. The shuttle takes 2-3 minutes to the beach. I want to give a huge thank you to the animators Chico and Regina! Very energetic and sociable, they will always give you advice and help. Overall, I enjoyed the vacation. 117. Yorum: Definitely not 5 stars. A hotel that deserves 3 stars at most. The rooms are very old and dirty. It's literally a mess in terms of cleanliness. Our room is thoroughly cleaned and left. We constantly have to call and say that the room needs to be cleaned. If I had to rate: Cleanliness: definitely 1 star. Location: no comments as we don't go out much. Pool and hotel activities: 3 stars. The baby pools are very deep. How many times has my 18-month-old daughter been at risk of choking? You can't let your child play in peace. Ice cream is served at certain times of the day in the aquatic area located in front of the hotel. Water activities are not permitted with your small child, so alternatives for families with babies and children are dwindling. Food: I can give 3 stars. Always the same style of food with few options. It's nice to have Turkish night on Fridays. I wish they offered different cuisines or served a la carte restaurants on other days of the week. There are two things about the hotel that earn it full stars. The first one is the pancake ladies. They brightened our day with fresh, handmade pancakes, with patience, without breaking anyone's heart, in the heat for hours, with a motherly taste. The second are Rabia, İller and Sara in animation. Special thanks to all three of them. The warmth and love shown to my daughter and I at the mini club warmed our hearts. 118. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 days and were satisfied with all its facilities, even the shopping areas inside the hotel were more affordable than the market. The hotel's cooling system was good, the rooms were cool and clean. There were some minor issues in the room, but we were moved immediately. The pools were nice and quiet and I didn't notice any overcrowding. I have never had any problems with the sun loungers on the beach or at the pool. The food is plentiful and delicious, I especially recommend the grilled ones. Lots of drinks, water is closed. I would like to thank the management and employees. 119. Yorum: Literally the worst and dirtiest hotel. My room was full of insects and that caused my baby to have bad skin. The food was so bad I had to spend money on food elsewhere, when I bought this at my hotel it was full of bugs after an hour! The bathroom was disgusting! The staff doesn't care and does nothing. The "vacation rep" refused to help me because I didn't show up for my morning meeting when I arrived at 5am! He kept calling the room phone at 7 in the morning. He was extremely rude. The reception staff were also uncaring and unhelpful. Several Britons complained about the same things. Save your money or spend more to get better service elsewhere! Absolute waste of money 120. Yorum: If I had to sum it up in one word, it sucks. It takes a thousand witnesses to say it's a hotel. Honestly, only one thing is good, nothing is good. Our bag was stolen from the sun lounger, that's the hotel's approach, things like this have happened before, they dismissed it as normal. We took legal action. The food is tasteless, the wifi is paid in the rooms, the pools are dirty. Please think about this when you come here and decide accordingly. 121. Yorum: As we are short on time, we can only go on holiday once a year, and this year we decided to spend our holiday at the Alam Xafira hotel and we regretted it on the first day of our stay. The quality of service is zero. When cleaning, they even wipe down walls, windows and dishes. It's a terrible hotel. It is a very busy hotel and you feel like you are in China when you enter the pool. It was impossible to find an empty lounge chair by the pool without touching each other. Guests staying at the hotel have access to transport to the sea by tractor. Frankly, it was a terrible experience. Since there are no 0 points, I had to give it 1. 122. Yorum: In a word, it's a shame, it's a shame, we stayed between September 28th and October 2nd, the rooms are dirty, there is no cleaning, the food is a shame, we could only eat French fries, they bring the dirty vegetables without washing them, the waiters are a separate disaster, they close the restaurant at 9:30 pm, they turn off the lights, the pools smell dirty, everyone has an eye infection, most of the staff are arrogant, they are worried about staying if it is like this. It fits your business and they also have a night manager. The night manager cannot shepherd four sheep. We have a complaint about the staff. He says: What should we do? There are much better three-star hotels. I can't even understand who gave them five stars. 123. Yorum: The hotel leaves a lot to be desired in all aspects, but especially in CLEANLINESS, which is completely lacking. From the moment you walk in, you can smell the smell of sewage mixed with mold in the hotel hallways. The area leading to the dining room smells just as bad and kills your appetite. The staff is unprofessional, they don't even have a basic level of English, which makes communication even more difficult. The food is not varied, the contents of the dishes are not clearly displayed, and this can be a problem for people with certain intolerances. The coffee has no flavor and the refrigerators are very dirty and smell bad. The alcohol is of poor quality and the glasses they serve it in are very dirty. In the pool bar area the smell is unbearable and the drinks served are of poor quality. I am disappointed with this choice and would not recommend anyone to stay at this location. 124. Yorum: I have stayed here before, the system could have gotten this bad in 2 years. The restaurant is poorly ventilated and the smell of frying food makes you nauseous. You buy the food, the food gets cold until you look for a fork and find it. We stayed 5 nights, same problem every day. At the pool, especially during these Christmas holidays, rubbish is taken under the bridges. The pool area is not cleaned regularly, the milkshake spilled in the morning remains there until the evening. There is an endless queue everywhere. I would not recommend going back again. 125. Yorum: I arrived two years ago. There were old staff at the reception. They recognized us. I would especially like to thank Süleyman Bey for his interest and concern. We had a pleasant holiday, as if we were in our own home. Es… 126. Yorum: I just left the hotel. I have stayed in many hotels but this time I chose this hotel because it was affordable compared to other hotels. I experienced that expression again; 'If it's cheap, there's a reason, if it's expensive, there's a reason' First of all, the pool is beautiful. The sea is about 500 meters from the hotel and a car leaves every 10 minutes. You can also go on foot. The food tastes good but the variety is always the same. Every night they introduce a different menu (different from the previous days) at the entrance. This is good but standard like the rest of the menus. It's mostly chicken. Why do we always say chicken? Foreigners say they don't like meat. There are no slippers in the rooms, there is no air conditioning control, the air conditioning panel is on the wall. For example, if you want to turn it off at night, you have to get out of bed, turn it off and that's it. back to bed. In the restaurant, the cutlery is quickly used up and turned into plastic. The cleanliness of plates and forks is clearly deficient. The waters are beautiful. The activities for children are nice. Special events are not available every day. We stayed for 4 days. There was a foam party and a dance event. The rest is routine. 127. Yorum: The hotel we went to with Jolly Tour's recommendation is said to be an ultra all-inclusive concept, but it is definitely not. Even ice cream at the pool is paid for, everything is missing in the rooms, not even cotton buds are included. , it is problematic in terms of hygiene, I think the biggest problem is that they are trying to attract too many customers with too little staff, but unfortunately it doesn't work. Because it is so crowded, most services are disrupted. When you arrive late to the pool, you can't find sun loungers or umbrellas, and the staff solution is full, so there's nothing you can do. 128. Yorum: Unfortunately the hotel is disgusting. The cleaning is terrible, the toilet and bathroom are dirty, the room is surrounded by the smell of sewage. The food is tasteless and the same dishes every day, including breakfast. We had to use plastic cups, forks and spoons for a week. We were not at all satisfied, I definitely do not recommend it!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a shame for our money. 129. Yorum: First of all, we had no problems regarding cleanliness and hygiene. The pool and bar systems were a system that I can say was 9 out of 10. People are comfortable and there are nice areas where they can do whatever they want. The after-dinner entertainment is different from hotels I've stayed in before, that's it. It is attractive and interesting and there was an ice cream show that people enjoyed very much. In my personal opinion, the difference is zero in front, have fun and have a good vacation for all those who are planning it. 130. Yorum: First of all, it did not meet the price we paid, I definitely do not recommend it. There are schedules for services, the most ridiculous thing would be 2 hours of aqua. Afterwards, the food is very varied, but it is always the same, there is always leftovers from the previous meal and the taste is just as bad. The only good thing is that there is no disco for conservative families. 131. Yorum: You can't enter the bathrooms because of the smell of urine. I told the cleaners to use bleach but they said they didn't use it. Think about hygiene. I saw the raki glasses by chance, believe me, there were still lipstick marks on them. the night The animation team is very good, the shows are amazing. There is a waiter called Abdülkadir Shepherd, he cleans the glasses, but they say they don't use him. Think about hygiene. no toothpaste, no toothbrush, etc. The dishes used in the restaurant are always dirty. Today I reported my complaint to the hotel employee. I have seen so many 5 star hotels and I have never seen anything like this. quality must be reduced or increased. Don't dishonor yourself with your money. 132. Yorum: Work for a year and let your vacation money go to waste. I don't know how to start. Is it because you have to queue with 50-60 people to buy a drink and wait 40 minutes? days in the restaurant, only the fish is new? There is nothing like meat, the bread for breakfast is hard, the number of employees is insufficient, there is even a queue for tea. It cannot be cleaned. Number of employees. The glasses and plates are dirty. I guess the animation team is having fun elsewhere because I couldn't see any entertainment in terms of animation. I think they make their own alcohol because all the drinks taste the same. It is an extremely tiring hotel, you go to the sea with a tractor in the heat, they could not get a vehicle with air conditioning. The view of the hotel is zero. There is only one elevator in the huge hotel. You walk all the time and fall asleep at 9pm due to exhaustion because your legs hurt to the point of breaking. They don't open the nightclub. They tried to make a disco by the pool with ridiculous music, people dress up and dance, but still try to have fun in the pool. It was the worst vacation I have ever had, I say this with all my sincerity, my money was wasted. 133. Yorum: We really liked the hotel. The food and cleanliness of the rooms were very good. The water park for children was quite large and we really enjoyed it. The animation team made us have a great time, we thank them all, we are looking forward to going back. 134. Yorum: Hello The first impression when I got off in front of the hotel was wowwww.... But for a while, until we got to the room, the cleanliness left a lot to be desired. As for the service, a big drawback, we were constantly deceived. Overall, the hotel was definitely a powerhouse 20 years ago. When it comes to restaurants, cold and repetitive meals, terrible dirt and stench. The only thing that can be praised is the swimming pool, a large space, the second facility with slides was an attraction for both children and adults. As for the beaches.... Some misunderstanding. 135. Yorum: Hi everyone, I was here with my friends, a pretty big company. Overall opinion of the hotel: good atmosphere near the hotel, good animation, average food (no starvation), excellent games by the pool, good music in… 136. Yorum: Our experience at the hotel was extremely disappointing. The hotel did not live up to the five-star standards we expected. The overall poor quality of the accommodation, unfriendly service, worn furniture and inedible food caused us to cancel our trip and return home on the fourth day. This was my first holiday in Türkiye which made me want to go back home even more. 137. Yorum: I have been to hotels in Turkey probably 20 or 30 times, I have never experienced anything like this, the rooms smell bad, they are not even clean and if they are not cleaned properly, the food is always cold and you have to wait 10 to 15 minutes to receive it. ((((Everyone be careful, the cleaning ladies steal, they stole my cell phone))) The waiters are very unfriendly, even if you have everything included they only give you 2 drinks because the line is very long... Never again this hotel. 138. Yorum: I have never made a negative comment about any of the hotels I have stayed in so far, but I have never seen such a disgraceful hotel. I came here with my friends without really researching if it is. The staff or the hotel in general is in very poor taste. It bothers my stomach, it's not a hotel to go to for food. If you are thinking of coming, please change it, it is a very dirty hotel. , even the room cleaning was terrible, drinks are illegal, bars work very slowly, too many people came, service is very poor, we couldn't eat because we couldn't find a place to sit for dinner, the food always made us bloated, there were groups of 4 or 5 Arabs, all the men were taken homeless, overall it was a terrible holiday. 139. Yorum: If you want an honest opinion, I do not recommend this hotel because of myself and what I heard from the guests I met at this hotel. At reception they immediately ask for an extra charge for a better room, rooms are quite dirty, towels were not always changed with clean ones, ice cream and popcorn are paid extra at the main pool, free ice cream at the small pool only from 2-4pm and only three kinds, no drinks card at the bar, bartender did not always prepare the drink you ordered, and there was a daily battle for sun loungers, after breakfast, 90% of the time. The sun loungers were already occupied and for half the day no one approached an occupied sun lounger and worst of all the food was monotonous and tasteless. 140. Yorum: For the price it's pretty good. The staff is friendly and not tired. The rooms were cleaned daily, change was always left for “tea”. We checked in earlier than expected and at no cost. The rooms are not small. There is a lot of food everywhere, including on the beach. The territory itself is huge, there are several swimming pools and its own water park. Bars are everywhere. In the evening, the lobby is very busy thanks to the free Wi-Fi. A little tip: if you don't want to wait in line, for a small fee the waiters will bring you drinks throughout the evening. The quality of the drinks is not bad. In-room safe free of charge. There are a lot of staff. You can walk to the sea in about 15 minutes at a leisurely pace or take a blue tractor with trailer, which runs every 10-15 minutes. Our own beach is not big, but we always find places. If you can't find fault with the little things, it's not so bad. Anyone looking for luxury will be disappointed. At night you can shop at the nearby markets, the prices are reasonable. When I chose, I read the reviews and decided that my review might be helpful to someone. 141. Yorum: The hotel is fine but does not deserve a 5 star rating. I stayed for 3 days. The rooms: good, but the hair dryer and the lamp didn't work either, the air conditioning is also good. When we had a problem with the room, we went to reception to change rooms because there were ants everywhere, they changed our room. Lack of cleanliness also due to lack of staff I imagine because when we entered the mirror was not clean nor was the faucet or the floor or in any case poorly cleaned. On the other hand, there is no shampoo or soap in the shower, etc. Food: diverse and varied, the drinks offered are not of great quality. The service: Definitely understaffed, but otherwise pleasant. The pools: a little poorly cleaned but otherwise fine. Slide: It's a shame that it's not open all day, I find that it closes early at 5pm, but that's a shame, otherwise there are plenty of slides, whether for children or adults. I thought it was a shame that the shows at night weren't indoors so it could be cool, because it's quite hot outside, but otherwise the shows are good. Otherwise, a good stay, but the hotel is not 5 stars, I prefer to say 3 or 4 stars but not 5. 142. Yorum: Absolutely horrible. Ninety percent of the drinks taste like water, you want to drink coffee, you only taste water, tea, the food is bad, the variety of food at the free buffet has very little flavor, 0 it was the worst vacation of my life. 143. Yorum: I really liked everything, delicious food, clean pools and cool water slides, polite staff. The show is always interesting and the parties are great, the entertainers are all great, sociable, always helping and entertaining. We will recommend you to all our friends and acquaintances. The beach is close, 5 minutes away, there is also a shuttle service, very convenient. Thank you all so much for a great holiday! 144. Yorum: We arrived for the first time. I really liked everything. Large area, delicious food. Every day the hotel has a programme of shows and entertainment, everything is great! The animation is simple 🔥 I really liked the animator Regina, very energetic and sociable! Everything is great, I recommend it! 145. Yorum: This is really an ideal hotel, here you can find everything you are looking for. I was very pleased. The staff was very friendly and the food was really excellent. Large water parks for children and a great entertainment team await you for a fun time. 146. Yorum: The hotel is definitely not a 5 star. The room cleaning is very bad, they came to clean the room during your stay after I told them to do so and it didn't seem like it was cleaned at all. The cleanliness of the restaurant is also very poor, the tables and chairs are full of food remains. The types of food are always the same. The logs and coffee tables by the pool are dirty. And it smells like lagam. Their owners' senzlogs on the beach are very neglected and dirty. The employees are friendly, but there is no supervision. The number of staff is very insufficient. Definitely a hotel I will not choose again. 147. Yorum: I have been to many hotels and this is the first time I have seen this type of treatment. Allow 2 bites. On the day of departure you were told that you were not entitled to lunch and you were sent away hungry. We arrived at the hotel in the morning and the first thing they said was that you can't have breakfast until you check in at 12. The room can be taken after 12, but we came from the road and I paid for that day, what kind of humanity is it to sit hungry and wait hours for lunch? The alcohol is the cheapest alcohol they can find, of an unknown brand at least, and they limit it so you can only buy one or two. That's why there is always a queue, you have to queue again and again. When we enter the room there is nothing. No cotton, no solid soap, no slippers. Only the wall mounted soap dispenser is filled with hand soap, and the same is filled with shampoo inside the shower. They are not cooling the fridge, they put 3 Coca-Colas, 3 Fantas and water in it until it came out. They had a huge pastry shop and the empty plates at least weren't bad. On the last day of departure, they were treated like "go away." We give the room at 11, we say, we will have lunch and we will leave like humans. He says you have no right to lunch. I repeat, we have 1 hour left on the road, we can eat at the snack bar and leave. The inhuman woman at the reception said she did not want to fight and they forcibly cut off their bracelets and sent them away. After taking the money, the hotel manager ultimately treats you like an animal and fires you. 148. Yorum: The room was very dirty. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned after previous visitors. I don't understand why we were treated so disrespectfully because of our Latvian origins. We were only given a room on the second floor, denying us the opportunity to live on upper floors. Wi-Fi is chargeable, which seems strange for a hotel of this level. One of the most unpleasant moments was that if the towels were dirty we were threatened with a €10 fine. Also, towels cannot be taken outside or near the pool. The staff who clean the rooms do not know English or Russian. Additionally, we noticed that employees could simply sit in the hallway near the rooms and smoke. The minibar only contains juices and water. 149. Yorum: 5-star standard for Turkish and other non-European guests. The lobby looks luxurious and that's about it. It's usually a mess, dirty, it seems like they are cleaning all the time, but there are no visible results. Perhaps the guests are to blame, but also the staff, who are slow and unhelpful. Queues at the restaurant, no free tables, no cutlery, glasses, unwashed plates, the ever-present plastic cups, poorly maintained, damaged, neglected, not very good for a luxury. It is very hot in the elevators, too little for such a large facility. The biggest drawback is the beach: small, dirty, rocky: 1 visit during the entire stay... There is no air conditioning in the hallways. The food was delicious but monotonous, after 3 days we were fed up. Our worst stay of the 3 so far despite the 5 stars. 150. Comment: ¡Hotel genial! We are delighted. Always clean, delicious food, big clean pools and water slides. There are shows and parties every day. The entertainers were fun, sociable and always helpful if you asked for something. Warm attitude of the staff. We want to come back next year! 151. Yorum: If you dreamed of having a nice cocktail or whiskey by the pool before coming on vacation, don't worry; because there is no such thing. All types of alcohol are served in small plastic cups by the pool, making you feel like you're at your neighborhood park with your family. If you go to the lobby and ask for a glass of whiskey, don't say that either, the situation there is not much different because they still surprise you by giving you the whiskey with a glass of water. By the way, all cocktails taste the same, just their names are different, you know? As for the food, I wish the hotel had said beforehand that they were against red meat. It is predominantly vegetarian cuisine, partly seasoned with chicken, and its taste rating is an exaggerated 2 out of 10. Years ago, when we ate at this hotel, you were greeted like a stylish restaurant guest and a waiter served you your drink, but now it's like a university cafeteria. Each cocktail and alcohol was served in its own special glass in the lobby. You would understand that what you were drinking was alcohol after the second cocktail. Now all the alcohol is in a glass and it's like water. And the fact that there is a paid private alcohol sale in the lobby clearly indicates the hotel's confidence in the alcohol it serves. Thank you for the pancakes served at the pool bar. We owe him a lot. We were satisfied with them. Also, the nuggets served were like a different puree. I appreciate the effort of the staff and especially the animation team, they were very good. I wish the hotel had remained as it was 10 years ago. 152. Yorum: We made the reservation by calling the hotel and we were going to make the payment in one payment at the entrance. When we first walked into reception they gave us our room cards and forgot to charge us for payment. Not a single person gave information about what activities were taking place at what time in the hotel. Not even a single person came to show us our room, let alone carry our luggage. When we got to the room I was very surprised because there were only towels. There were no sneakers, kits or candy. In the bathroom they only put a little liquid soap and shampoo. Don't be fooled into thinking you're getting clean. They just straightened the sheets and folded the towels. They didn't even go into our friends' room to clean it. I don't even feel like talking about food. I felt nauseous from eating pasta and hamburgers. In a word, misfortune. Flies crawl over the fruits. The guests took the cakes with their hands and the staff did not intervene. An unpleasant smell can already be perceived in the dining room. That's the smell of bad food anyway. The water from the fountain literally tasted like pool water. We feel nauseous every day while brushing our teeth. They put the cheapest alcohol in the snack bar. Their cups were plastic cups. Since there is only one person, there is always a queue. There is no choice but pizza, pancakes and hamburgers. Even one person can buy an ice cream. There was a general attitude of discontent among employees. They said there is a shuttle every 10 minutes to swim in the sea. It is not a service, they carry it with a tractor. You take the tractor to the corner, then go back through the tunnel to reach the sea. The sea is very dirty. Mixed stone and sand. If you add the sun loungers, there are not even 30. In a very small area. The word dirty is a euphemism for bathrooms. I wonder if we will make it home without getting infected. The animation team does not announce any events. DJ works on tips. Normally the music ends at 12pm, but when some guests tip, it continues playing for almost an hour. When we asked for a song, he said we had to turn it off and kicked us out. There was a group of 12 single Arab men in the hotel. The way he looked at the female guests, regardless of their age, was very disturbing. At one point, they even recorded a video while dancing. What's going on at the place they call the family hotel? Thus, seen from the outside, the hotel is simply an empty and free building. It has no possibilities or positive aspects. There wasn't even a field. We didn't believe the reviews when we decided on the hotel. But it was necessary to believe. If you want your money to go to waste and your stomach to not turn over, DON'T COME. 153. Yorum: Hello, we are staying with my wife and daughter from October 8 to 12, 2024. The food was quite good, the animation team was wonderful, price-performance ratio hotel. 154. Yorum: Never again here without my money's worth. People, think carefully before choosing this hotel... so many promises, nothing comes out 😱 people don't even laugh There is no friendship, very unfortunate here. We will tell everyone to make sure people don't book here!!!!! For many things here you even have to pay, even if it is in euros, pff, there are thieves here. It slides dangerously heavy dangerously. All my children have back pain. People like to think carefully before coming here!!!!! The hotel smells very bad, bad smell everywhere. The inner hall is very hot and dirty. I give 5 stars to 1 person, that's Mehmet Abi, who works in the lobby, super nice guy! This man deserves more respect than the rest!!!!! 155. Yorum: A beautiful and comfortable hotel that we would definitely recommend to everyone. We had a lot of fun and had a good time. We will definitely be back. It is a wonderful hotel, we never left the pool. There are different beautiful events every day in the amphitheater. The employees are friendly. 156. Yorum: Good afternoon, wonderful hotel, thanks to the animation, they were very involved with the guests, they spent a lot of time with us, we rested very well, but we are leaving tomorrow, the children also enjoyed it a lot, a lot of entertainment… 157. Yorum: Before we arrived, Jolly Tur called us. They made it easy for us to check in and took us to our room. The food is good in terms of price and services. Since there is so much variety, you can leave out the bad stuff. Put things aside and focus on something delicious. Yes, it's not a wonder, but it's not bad either. The syrups in drinks are very sugary and the alcohol content is likely to be low. We asked for cleaning on the second day. The room, the room door was open, we had valuables inside, we told the hotel staff and the Jolly team, but we got no response. Towels and bed linen are not changed. nice Of course, it has some nice shortcomings in terms of price, but it's not bad at all. 158. Yorum: I can say that it was the worst vacation of my life. The hotel was very dirty, the food was not delicious at all, it was such a full hotel that it could never accommodate so many people, there was always a queue to eat. The queue started even before we reached the entrance door of the restaurant, on the other hand, since the air conditioning was not working, the food was not served and we were sweating while waiting in line. The hotel was like a concentration camp, no. a hotel and the hotel was very messy, all the activities were very far from each other, so we were constantly moving and we were very tired, the services were terrible, the drinks were served in poor quality plastic cups. You pick up a drink and half of it is already on the floor. It's falling down. Actually, I have a lot more to write, but I don't want to get tired. I suggest those considering this hotel to think twice, don't waste your money. 159. Yorum: I came with friends, I really liked it, it was fun. Every day there is a show, a mini disco for children, sociable entertainers! Varied food in the restaurant, slides and large, clean pools. 160. Yorum: I arrived at this hotel 7 years ago. It is very big but unfortunately it lacks hygiene. The room smelled bad, we had to change someone, there was residue from the previous client in the bathrooms, the pillows were dirty and had hair in them. There were traces of lipstick on the glasses of the drinks we bought at the bar, they were found three times, which means it is not controlled. The variety of food was plentiful, the rooms were very large and spacious. Food was available every hour. I'm sure you won't be hungry. The pool is also large but it is very crowded and in some places you get sand on your feet. 161. Yorum: We arrived with doubts after seeing the comments, we stayed 4 days and, as someone who vacations in different hotels 3 or 4 times a year, I was personally satisfied. I think they were right in the comments, they helped in every way, we told them that our first room was small and they changed it right away, the food could be a little more attentive, but apart from that, evening entertainment, activities, foam. party, everything was very nice, price and services of the hotel, I think you can come with peace of mind 😂 162. Yorum: It was definitely a good vacation. The staff were like our friends. A great hotel, especially for young people, should definitely return. The view from our room was very beautiful. We were very happy when they said we would be back. We are glad we chose this hotel. 163. Yorum: The rooms were clean, the pool water is not hygienic, there are too many pool alternatives. There seems to be a lot of variety of dishes, mainly white meats, but there are always the same varieties. Since there is only one employee for cold drinks, you have to wait in line for at least 20 minutes. The snack bar has the same thing every day. You should wait at least 30 minutes to eat a pancake. The minibar cabinet in the rooms definitely doesn't work. We told them it was replaced, but the cabinet that came with it didn't work. When we told the technician, he said there was nothing he could do. 164. Yorum: The hotel is a very big facility, all facilities have been provided, a very good system has been established, but; You wait 30 minutes in queue at restaurants and bars. There is almost nothing in the pastry section. We don't even know what brand of alcohol it is, I think they drink it in 5 litre bottles. The problem with the hotel is that the employees are very rude, they almost kill the children who work there, the staff is insufficient. You're not looking for delicious food. If you find it, you eat it. If you don't find it, you skip it. Free buffet, as in Turkish series, the menu was as follows: fried chicken, boiled chicken, baked chicken, chicken with sauce, chicken without sauce, of course, there is also a meat dish, but I think tourists who come with turkey, I think this is because Turks eat a lot of turkey, definitely not worth 5 stars. This reflects very poorly on tourism in Türkiye. I will submit a petition to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism on this issue. How these shoddy companies get 5 stars. Finally, I want to say this: pay 5 liras more, go to another hotel, save your money, it's your own fault. 165. Yorum: I would like to point out that the 1* reviews come from fake accounts, which is immediately visible (1/3 of the reviews on the profile)... so there is no point in trusting them! The rooms are cleaned every day (even if you don't want them, you'll get them because the signs go off to clean them or leave them alone) The elevators are a bit irritating because they go as they please. There are 6 in the lobby, then there is one in the back and another at the end. The gym is open for two hours, not all the time. I didn't use the water park so I can't comment on that. The hotel is really nice, I recommend it with confidence. It's the end of May and there are already tons of people. A different show every day and fun activities for children throughout the day. Poor quality internet in the lobby, but you can buy it. 9 euros per week. I have stayed in nearby hotels - Haydarpasha and Long Beach, so this might be the worst one, but I also take into account the price because we got it for 4 people for 7,000 PLN, so the price is ok. 166. Yorum: First of all, there is no kettle, no coffee or water in the rooms. Without personal care kit. They took the trouble to put out towels. The dishes were constantly dirty. The food was inadequate and tasteless compared to a 5 star hotel. The staff at the entrance and exit of the dining room were friendly. Internet was free in the lobby, but paid in other places, lounges, training room, etc. We were a group of 300 people. They only gave 1 entry card to each room. He was missing letters. While people went to the room, they had to find their other friends and open the door. On the last day they didn't bother to put water in the training room. The worst thing is that we left at noon, but we were waiting in the lobby thinking that the bus would arrive in 1 hour. As the person, who we later learned was one of the company's partners, wandered around, we heard him calling to his staff in the lobby to stop work. It was very disrespectful. There could be no business owner who would treat his guests with such disrespect. There was also a black security guard. With a device in his hand, he checks the bags of the people he wants. Some business owners and owners, including them, need to receive courtesy training from top to bottom. The only advantage of the hotel was the swimming pools. It was near the sea. DJ performance, etc. It was good. 167. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the animations are very nice, the entertainment was provided by Mr. Chico. When we go to the pool, the cleaners always clean our room and make animals out of towels. It was a very nice hotel and the food was excellent. The water park was so much fun and the zoomba in the pool was so fun and entertaining. 168. Yorum: It was a really bad hotel, a hotel that doesn't deserve 5 stars at all, it stinks. Their rooms smell really bad, their cleanliness is terrible, there are bed bugs in my bed, bed bugs on the floor and their bathrooms are incredibly bad. The food was so tasteless I can't even describe it, I was starving for 3 days. There is no other food than turkey and fish! The staff is incredibly unhappy. The pool stinks, people everywhere! There are no drinks in the pool except water. They put two metvelisu in the bar, there is no other drink than water and 2 fruit juices! waste your money 169. Yorum: As the hotel is very big, of course there are some shortcomings, but I feel sorry for the employees, it is not easy to please such rude people. People attacked as if they had never seen food. To reduce the wait in line for meals, they could have placed the same food in another line instead of placing it in one place. I was very satisfied with the service. The people working at the front desk were very helpful. As I said, the hotel's 2,000 guests are very well trained. 170. Yorum: The rooms are standard. Nothing special. The food was absolutely shocking. Almost nothing is labeled. Serves all Europeans in Easton. Very basic and soft foods. It's like feeding time at the zoo as soon as the restaurant opens for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Very poorly managed hotel. 171. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for two weeks and we really liked the animation team. All the guys are very kind and responsive, they will always help and give their time. They brightened up our days off with their positivity and never let us get bored. For your sake, I would like to return to this hotel again. I would also like them to be present at the disco after the show. 172. Yorum: The hotel was great, the pool was very clean. The food was very fresh and tasty. The animation team was very funny and impressive, I really liked it. Although the weather was not good on some days, the work was very good and everything was delivered on time. 173. Yorum: We made our reservation without reading the comments made here. After reading it, we checked into the hotel with serious concerns. But from the moment we walked in we realized that all our worries were unfounded. 1- Welcome: We are very pleased with the kindness and service approach of both Jolly Tour officer Goncagül Gürer and the reception staff. We were immediately given a guide to the hotel. 2- Rooms: Our room and room textiles were extremely clean and spacious. We couldn't find almost anything to criticize. 3-Pools: There are 3 large pools, one for adults, one for children, two water park pools and one for general use. No problem with sun loungers and shade at the pools. There are poolside bars serving delicious snacks and drinks for those who skip breakfast or lunch. The hotel was full the last week of June, when we were on vacation. Despite this, we did not have long waits for drinks or food. Anyway, everything is self-service except drinks. 3-Open buffet services: Since I don't think it's ethical to post photos of food, I'll just state it. Approximately 60 different types and contents of food, including meat dishes such as chicken, turkey, fish, seasonal vegetable dishes, rice, pasta and potato-type carbohydrates, are served in an open buffet style for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. The hotel has a capacity for 3,000 people and the dining room is very spacious. You have no space problems. Occasionally, you may simply have to sit next to "thoughtful" people who fill a table of 6 as if they were 2 people. 4- Farewell: There is a luggage storage area after checking in to your room on the day of departure. They don't take off your wristbands after you drop off your luggage. You are not prevented from using all-inclusive services other than the room until you leave the hotel. 5-Parking: Yes, there is no special area enabled for parking. You can park your car on a quiet street right next to the hotel walls. However, instead of investing in a dead area, the areas were wisely used for service and VACATION purposes. OVERALL CONCEPT: The hotel is literally a 5 STAR VACATION paradise in terms of service concept, system and operation. The guest profile is made up mostly of foreigners, mostly citizens of Russia, Turkish Republics and Far Eastern countries. The sea is a bit far away and there is also a beach and a beach bar by the sea. However, among all these activities and opportunities, we don't even think about going to the sea. Shuttle service is also provided for those who wish to use it. There are also premises serving beer, pastries and hot drinks. CONCLUSION: It is not possible to understand with what mentality and with what expectations the unfair, unjust and defamatory comments made under stars such as 1 star and 2 stars were made. No matter how old you are, you can spend a peaceful, happy and fulfilling holiday, especially with your children, in a place where even excesses, bad manners and rudeness are treated with elegance. 174. Yorum: Where do I start? The hotel looks big, nice and spacious. However, there is a fee for WiFi in the rooms, while WiFi in the lobby is free, so everyone tends to sit in the lobby to use it. The hotel offers a luggage storage room, but it is not locked, allowing anyone to come and go. There is also a scale to weigh luggage, but it wasn't working when I tried to use it while waiting for my transfer. Instead, the bellboy used his portable scale to weigh my bags and charged me €3 without warning. There is always some kind of poolside entertainment during the day and an evening show on the stage every night. Before the main show there is a mini disco for children, but it follows the same routine and music every night. The hotel has a main pool and across the street there is a water park. Unfortunately, both pools were dirty and salty, with no chlorine at all. During my 11 day stay, I have not seen the pool cleaned. My children experienced stomach pain and vomiting, which could be due to the pool water or the food. The water park features large slides and a pirate-themed water slide for the little ones. There is free ice cream at the water park between 2 and 4 pm, but there are only two flavors. Meanwhile, there is an ice cream and waffle stand at the hotel's main pool, but you have to pay for it. The room was mostly clean, but not completely, and walking around barefoot would leave your feet dirty, so I recommend wearing slippers. A persistent smell of sewage came from the bathroom. There was no iron in the room, but the hotel offers laundry service for a fee. The restaurant and pool bar serve the same food every day. Even though we had an all-inclusive package, we had to eat out on a few occasions. There is also an Italian restaurant on site, but it costs €11 per person and requires reservation at reception. How can they call this an all-inclusive hotel? Overall, I don't plan on returning anytime soon. We paid for an all-inclusive holiday, but we certainly didn't fancy it. There were too many extra charges for a supposedly 5 star hotel. 175. Yorum: The animation at the hotel is varied. The entertainers are sociable. The hotel is very big. But the service is terrible. Rooms will not be serviced until you file a complaint. In the restaurant the waiters don't serve anything. There are no places. The food is monotonous. Everything is the same every day. There is no internet at all. Only at reception and even then it is very weak. The people at reception are not friendly either. Only a few people speak and understand English. Many blatantly speak only Turkish. Drinks are like water. Overall the hotel is not bad. The interior is beautiful, large, the pool is beautiful and large. 176. Yorum: If you are planning to visit this resort, please read my full review before you go and regret it. I write about the good and bad sides of the resort. My opinion on Alan Xafira Deluxe Resort My wife, our two children and I spent 10 days at Alan Xafira Deluxe Resort. Here is my honest review: **Pros:** - **Air Conditioning**: Excellent air conditioning that can keep the room cool even when it is very hot outside. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Pool**: Very large pool with plenty of room for both swimming and sunbathing. ⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Rooms**: Spacious rooms with spacious beds. - **Facilities**: Some shops within the resort area. - **Animation team**: very skilled and attractive. They organize various activities and shows every day for both children and adults. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Reception**: Very friendly and helpful staff. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - **Beach Shuttle**: The resort offers shuttles to the beach every 10 minutes, which takes approximately 4 minutes. The walk takes about 10 minutes, but it is recommended to take transport due to the strong sun. **Cons:** - **Noise**: Noise always comes into the room. You can hear your neighbors talking. The activities continue until midnight and all the noise from the party enters the room as if you had the window open. - **Cleanliness**: The rooms are not cleaned properly. Only the beds are made and the floor is mopped. At one point the entire room smelled like vomit when we returned. It looked like the cleaning staff used the same mop from another room where someone had vomited. ⭐️⭐️ - **Toilet**: The toilet in our room was broken and uncomfortable to use. - **Restaurant**: - **Cleanliness**: The dishes were dirty and not washed properly. There were remains of food on most of the plates. - **Food Quality**: Same food was served all the time with few options to choose from. The same dishes were placed in various places to give the impression of variety. Food was often reused; for example, fish that was served hot as a main course one day might be served cold as an appetizer another day. - **Service**: The service in the restaurant was non-existent. If you arrived 10 minutes after the restaurant opened, it was difficult to find a seat. You could wait up to 20 minutes for a seat, and when you finally found one, you had to clear the table and find the cutlery yourself. There were plenty of knives, but you often had to wait for the forks to be washed. - **Drinks**: Beer and wine ran out an hour before the meal ended, so you often had to settle for soft drinks. Fresh food was scarce and it was obvious that the same food was being served over and over again. The only things that were always available were rice and watermelon. - **Children's Meal**: The only options for children were rice with tomato sauce or pasta with tomato sauce. My kids ate the same food for 10 days and got tired of it. The restaurant staff seemed not to care about the guests and treated us as if we were there for free. Below are some photos I took at the restaurant. I wouldn't even dare to give the restaurant a single star. Imagine being in a five-star hotel where you have to pick up someone else's dishes, clean the table and set it yourself. While doing this, the service staff stands still pretending to be busy. A five-star hotel where drinks run out and dirty dishes are served. **Summary:** - Air conditioning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Reception: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Animation team: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Swimming pool: ⭐️⭐️⭐️ - Room cleaning: ⭐️⭐️ - Restaurant: Not even one star. In general, what I wrote above is not based only on my own experience. I discussed this with several guests I met at the resort. Since food is the most important part of vacation, I will give one star to the entire resort because the restaurant was unprofessional and dirty, and the staff did not care about the guests. 177. Yorum: It is a decent place where I came with my family, we had the opportunity to receive a massage, it was very good and professional. We loved the smell of the hotel. The staff in the massage department were very friendly and nice people. They have staff who speak many languages ​​fluently. I recommend 178. Yorum: I liked everything! The hotel is very big, delicious food. It is a 5-7 minute walk to the beach or a 2-3 minute train ride. The shows are very interesting every night. The animation team is simply great! I recommend! 179. Yorum: The hotel where I will check in with my family tomorrow. It was our honeymoon hotel where I went with my wife in 2015. Since we were satisfied at the time, we wanted to experience it again with our son 10 years later. I made the score based on 2015. However, after the comments I read today, I felt scared. I don't want to believe that there is such a decline in the quality of service. Anyway, once our vacation is over, I'll edit the positives and negatives here. I hope we don't regret choosing him again. 180. Yorum: We came to the hotel during the holidays, two families for 4 nights and 5 days Friends, I do not understand those who say that the hotel is bad because it is very bad, I do not understand how the same food can be served for 5 days. , we literally ate burgers and chips for days by the pool, the kids got tired of fast food, at lunch time, oh I mean soup, it's prepared soup, tourists don't get that much value, there were so many. of biscuits and wafers, etc. at one of the breakfast buffets? What's the point of it seeming like a lot but no one eating anything that satisfies them? Alcohols are very dirty, they all taste the same. Let's go to the rooms; The day we checked in, literally everything was covered in dust, the closets and the floors, there was no mini bar in the room and the bathroom was literally filthy (you know, poop). For two days we talked to everyone we met to solve the problem and finally a friend named Süleyman at the reception helped us solve our problem (thank you). The hotel is very big, you constantly have to walk somewhere, The only good thing is the water park, it is safe and fun for small children, would we choose it again? They have literally never dishonoured us with our money, I think that those who are thinking of coming should pay three or five more and stay in better conditions. 181. Yorum: It is definitely a hotel that we enjoyed a lot. We come here regularly every year. The staff here are very friendly and understanding. I can't wait to come back, this place has become our home. I love people who… 182. Yorum: I really enjoyed my stay. Good kitchen, comfortable rooms. Big pool, good music and animation))|The beach is very close, a bus runs every 10 minutes, it is very convenient. Unfortunately, Wi-Fi in the rooms is paid (( |Friendly staff, fluent in English and Russian, which is very convenient. 183. Yorum: I really enjoyed the holiday, everything was wonderful, there were shows and entertainment every day, the host and the animators were all cheerful and sociable. The food is delicious and varied, the pools are big and clean, a great water park, the snack bar always has a variety of drinks and food throughout the day, I want to come back, thank you all for the holiday! 184. Yorum: It is a very nice hotel in terms of structure, but everything has cost money, even the wifi, I ask him how much it costs money, he doesn't look at us, the officer says that the waffles are for money, ultra, everything is included, how ultra is this beautiful hotel? There is toilet paper, they use liquid soap instead of shampoo. Why don't you accept the money? Is this the bathroom of a 5 star hotel and such a big hotel? Paper and wax from the market with money. I swear to God, you're making millions. If you look around the hotel a little, you will earn more. There is no greeter in the lobby to guide you. luggage, good luck to those who find their way, there is still a lot left, it is bigger than most hotels, it is magnificent, but it is already quite expensive, at least pay attention to the hotel prices, the vifi room costs 7 dollars per day, friend, what is this? Don't do it, I swear, don't do it, they give you 92 thousand TL for 6 days, and how much is the wifi? Please, hotels are already expensive. pay attention to them, brother. Those who fight for bread will find bread. 185. Yorum: First of all, the more bread, the more dumplings, the price is enough in terms of performance, it could be better... 1- When you arrive at the hotel, there is no parking, you unload your belongings and park on the side of the road. 2- Many thanks to Mrs. Hamide, the reception is attentive, polite, hospitable, our rooms were delivered as soon as possible..., you carry your belongings yourself, there are no bellboys... 3- The rooms are large but old and poorly cleaned, the foot of the beds seem to have been cleaned at the beginning of the season, there is no shampoo or soap in the bathroom, there is liquid hand soap... 4- There is no variety in the food, standard varieties of chicken and turkey, trout, salads, desserts... tastes are fine... The plates and glasses are dirty, I showed the glass to the manager at the entrance of the restaurant and gave it to him, he just looked at me in the face, he recommended that I hire someone to wash the dishes. I would...! 5- The gym is inadequate, not many people use it, there is a sauna and a Turkish bath... 6- The pools are large, the number of sun loungers is sufficient, the water park is very good, it is fun for children... 7- As a result, it is a value for money hotel... 186. Yorum: IT IS A BERBATTT HOTEL. IF YOU WANT TO MISS YOUR MONEY, COME THERE. IT DOES NOT DESERVE 5 STARS OR 1 STAR. THE ATTENTION OF THE STAFF, THE FOOD, THE CLEANLINESS, THERE IS NOTHING. WE ARE WAITING FOR A VALET AT THE DOOR TO ENTER THE HOTEL. THEY HAVE PUT A FOREIGN ARAB PERSON AS IF WE LIVED ABROAD, EVERYONE WHO LIVES THERE ARE LIKE STRANGERS. WE CANNOT FIND A VALET. DOCUMENTS ACT LIKE A DOG, NOT A HUMAN. THEY NEVER SMILE WITHOUT CARE, THEY TOLD US WHERE TO TOW OUR OWN VEHICLE, SO IT IS NEVER A MOVE TO A 5 STAR HOTEL. We never go into common areas, meals, places to eat, we never go into our room. together, the bathroom was dirty, the surroundings were also dirty, the towels were never cleaned, and the paper they gave us said that the textile materials in the room are changed every 3 days, they didn't even make an offer. It was July 15th. , the drinks in the room minibar were warm in the morning because the cupboard didn't work. At lunch and dinner you eat pasta and potatoes, so eat accordingly. 187. Yorum: Although we told them many times, the rooms were not cleaned daily. The room on the ground floor smells awful, I don't know about the other rooms. We were told that the towels, which should be changed daily, are changed every three days. When we entered the room the mini bar was empty. When I said it, it was full on day 2. The food is boring. The only plus is the outdoor pool and pool bars. 188. Yorum: We love the hotel, everything is the best. The animation team is very friendly and full of energy. They smile every day. We are glad we chose this hotel. All the people who work at this hotel are friendly and very helpful. The rooms are clean and large. 189. Yorum: We were here for a midweek break. Very nice complex. Very friendly staff. The pool is also very nice with separate slides. There is fun entertainment throughout the day and a fun evening program at the… 190. Yorum: If the rating was 0, I would have given it zero, but I had to give it 1. We were told that we would check in at 3 and were shown to our room at 4. Come on, thank you very much, I would visit the hygiene room at least once. They didn't come to clean the room even once, they just folded the duvet on the bed and left. There is no change of towels or cleaning of the room, it is a complete DISGRACE. I'm not even talking about food, the only thing you can eat hot and cold are potatoes if you catch them in time, there is nothing else, the rest is cold and tasteless. All the staff are grumpy, except for our friend Mahmut in the lobby bar. I ask for service for the food. If I find it at the restaurant, they reply that it is not available at the moment. I get up and look for the cutlery myself. DJ works for foreigners anyway. I won't even mention the animation team (they took care of everything except CAN with a smile), the others are trying to figure out how to please foreigners, we want the DJ to sit there and play music in the evening, for fun. If you tip after the anti-exit, it rings, if not, it doesn't turn on, it's a complete disgrace. The Arabs can DJ until 00:30 if we pay them, but when we ask them to, they close at 00:00. I think you need to give a serious warning to the staff first. Everyone comes here to pay money and have fun, not to see your surly attitude of trying to please foreigners. discriminate between Turks and foreigners. 191. Yorum: We were there on May 24th. My opinion is very clear... 2 adults and a 9 year old child for 13 days €2050, you can't and shouldn't expect 5 star luxury, but even so we wouldn't go back. * Fantastic pool scenery * Great slide - just a shame the Cobra slide wasn't open. * Friendly but completely overwhelmed staff. * Dinner was always lukewarm and tasted pretty poor for a 5 star. *Tables will not be cleared if the table has been vacated. When you found a free table it was not clean. Cutlery always stained. *You also have to get your own drinks at dinner. There was only one bar open, which meant waiting in line for an average of 10-15 minutes 🤮 and getting plastic cups. Same at the pool bar: long waiting times, regardless of whether it was day or night. A bar with one employee * The room needs renovation and is not clean. The hotel is very, very noisy. I can barely think about sleeping until 1:2 a.m. m. Our conclusion: once and never again In my opinion: Pool: 5 stars Food and service: 2 stars Cleanliness and condition: 2 stars Location: good Recommendation: NO 192. Yorum: Hi, It is definitely not an ultra or all-inclusive hotel and the hygiene is 0, the staff is insufficient, the employees that are there are sullen, the lady standing at the pizzeria with a sullen look as if she is selling it for money, if you go to buy a snack at the bar, she puts on a different face. You will eat at lunchtime, like in the school cafeteria, there are chickpeas, rice and leeks in the middle of summer😂 Instead of meat there is goose meat, which is nonsense all the time. There are no forks in the dining room, they have brought people of all races and no one tells them the rules, they are very dirty, they eat in the pool, they eat with their hands and they hold the dining room spoons. and then the food is taken away and there is no one to control it, Anyway there is no drink, it is all a mixture of water and it never tastes good. You queue in every area you enter, including the sun loungers. If you want to wait a whole year for a vacation and then come here and stand in line to get your money like in Istanbul, I am sure you will choose this place. The pool houses are never cleaned, everyone who comes in seems to have diarrhea, and no toilet paper is provided. Those who work in the dining room clean the chairs and tables that I added to the image with one hand, without wetting them, with the same cloth. American servers put the same thing in the trash over and over again. They don't mop or sweep the rooms, it's disgusting. If you walk around without slippers, you get fungus on your feet. It's ice cream time, you go to buy ice cream, the trump card that is there is given to the foreigners, when the Turks come they tell you 'I'll be here until 4pm, come back later' and they don't give you ice cream. They discriminate, They are so bad that even the bad ones are less than enough for your day and your money. I regret having come to this hotel. I hope the authorities do this. 193. Yorum: It is family friendly, we came as a family, everything was very good, the food, the rooms, the staff, the friendly entertainment, the good children's activities and dancing were very nice, the children had a lot of fun, we are thinking of coming back. thanks to everyone who contributed. 194. Yorum: Overall the hotel is not worth 5 stars. The elevators are not clean at all, it seems like all the windows have not been cleaned in years. The pool area is very dirty, there is a lot of mud there, I felt very dirty sitting there and there are a lot of people busy and there is not much space. The beach is the WORST part of the hotel, the beach is only 30 meters long and there are people sitting one after another, with no privacy whatsoever. It is full of stones that are not clean at all, the showers are very, very poor, they look very bad and the concrete there looks unfinished and very bad. The animation is so poor and boring that they should invest more in professional dancers, these are just Russian girls who can't walk or dance. We don't even want to talk about WIFI, because we bought internet data, there is no wifi, only in the lobby it is free and it is very bad. Transport to the beach is another bad thing, not at all safe, the tractor that transported us is all open and not at all safe and was driving fast. Overall, if you can find a better option for the same price, don't come here. 195. Yorum: The Alan Hafira Hotel exceeded all my expectations! There really is something for everyone here. Excellent service, cozy rooms and convenient location made my stay unforgettable. The hotel has a wonderful team of entertainers who put on wonderful games and shows, thank you for everything, thank you for everything. 196. Yorum: We came with my family, we will stay for a week, we are on the third day of vacation, everything is going very well and good, just as we wanted, the rooms are tidy, clean, it smells good, the food and drinks. They are all delicious. We go to the water park during the day and have fun, there are activities, we are never idle, the animation team takes very good care of us, it is nice in the evenings after the shows, the price of the. The hotel was very affordable. We are thinking of returning next year as we made at least 100% of our stay. Many thanks for everything. 197. Yorum: STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!||It's a piece of shit with a capital L..||No hygiene, both in the rooms, the pool and the restaurants. The pool is not cleaned, we have been here for 7 nights and not once have we seen that… 198. Yorum: The hotel looks fantastic from the outside. As for the pools, there is nothing to complain about, except that the pools with slides are open until 4:00 pm. The food is monotonous. The rooms are not cleaned even when you put a funny note asking them to clean the bathrooms, there is mold in the shower and there is trash under the bed. Ice cream, cotton candy, etc. paid. The queues for a drink are terribly long. Drinks served in plastic cups. Overall it is a huge disaster and the hotel deserves a maximum of 3 stars. 199. Yorum: It's actually a very nice hotel with excellent food! There is a buffet at various locations from 7am to 3pm. In addition, drinks are always available.|Unfortunately, many places in the hotel are undergoing renovation work, so… 200. Yorum: Hello We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days with my 2 children, but we were not satisfied with the cleanliness, food or service. They didn't take out trash from my room for 2 days, they didn't leave toilet paper and they didn't clean, the food was plentiful but always the same variety, only the pools weren't bad, it's very crowded and the elevators are small so you have to wait a long time for the elevators, especially on the last day we had a problem with the sunbeds, the same day my bed was ready in 2 hours. Our towels were thrown onto the sun loungers by foreign guests. many occasions (our personal towels, not separate hotel towels). However, the pool attendant defended the other guests because he was a foreigner and laughed us off. This must be a disgrace to my own country and my own money. I would never recommend it. If you don't want to waste your money, I recommend you don't choose it with solid experience. 201. Yorum: The view of the hotel where I stayed for 3 days is 5 stars and ultra all-inclusive, but it does not comply with this concept and does not implement it. The food is a reconverted version of the remaining food. The bathrooms are very dirty. You feel disgusted by the cupboard where you take out the water. The staff is not polite. Drinking Turkish tea and coffee is a luxury. Only the animation team organizes and carries out the Turkish night. I left the hotel, which was a complete disappointment, forever. 202. Yorum: We came to this hotel for the first time with our family. We really liked everything, big and clean pools, fresh water slides. The staff is very polite. The animators are cheerful, sociable, we went together to a club in Alanya on a clubbing tour, thanks to Rimma, Yashar and Chico. Great shows and parties every day, thanks to host Aybars. There is also a beach nearby, 500 meters away, we went there every day in the morning, there is also a shuttle service. We'll be back! 🥳🥳🥳 203. Yorum: Location wise it is close to the highway, apart from Hotel Aqua there was no cleaning on the side of the road, all shared bathrooms were dirty. There was almost no cleanliness in the room. There was not even anyone to show us to our room at the entrance. We arrived at the hotel for the first time and looked for an elevator with our suitcases in hand. There is no kettle or teapot in the room. There were no kits like soap, shampoo, etc. available for use in the room. The mini bar consisted of water only. If you want to buy alcohol at the snack bar, you can't buy more than two drinks, you have to queue like you would to buy bread. I was fed up with eating burgers and fries by the pool. We were not satisfied with breakfast, lunch or dinner at the restaurant. Food hygiene and cleanliness are poor or even non-existent. There is never any flavor. The drinking cups are pet cups. If you want to drink coffee, you can buy it from the machine. I felt like I was at a gas station in a rest center. There is no Turkish coffee, etc. Their desserts consist of colorful layers of cake. There are no varieties whose fruits are always plagued by flies. Since the meal started in the hotel entrance hallway, the interior of the hotel smelled bad. Except for a few people, the employees were very rude, surly and constantly scolding. The animation was very bad, there was nothing but water polo, the activities were terrible. As you know, the DJ booth operates on tips and has never had a single entertainment that would attract Turks. Even on Turkish night, the animation was more about entertaining people and having fun ourselves. Anyway, let's go to the pool. The big lounger was not enough. Their towels smelled bad. You go to the sea with a tractor, it's no joke, they put you on the tractor, you know? Come on, the beach bathrooms are never cleaned. If you eat there, you can only eat hamburgers. The sea is full of stones at first and then turns into sand. There were never enough sun loungers on the beach. The entire hotel was filled with an army of men (under 18, the rest foreigners) and 10 to 15 men, whom we called idiots. Guys who lose their temper when they see girls constantly making fun of them. A hotel where the lights go out at 12 at night and everything ends. There is no dinner even at night, it's just a hangover, the soup is cold. Also, when we checked out, the guy at the front desk told us that we had to leave immediately and that we were not allowed to eat when we handed him our cards. When we wanted to wait until our vehicle arrived, he literally scolded us that we should not wait more than an hour. We were literally tortured with our money, they warned us, we didn't listen, at least the friends who read this comment should take into consideration that they didn't really waste their money. 204. Yorum: The hotel was great. Halil was very helpful. The host was always with us and supported us in all matters. Thanks again for the hospitality and everything else. |Next year we'll be here again and we'll take it all down. 205. Yorum: We chose this hotel for 5 seasons and we were happy because we were happy with it, but this year the quality had dropped a lot in every way, the cleanliness of the rooms was terrible, the food was tasteless and mediocre, everything was falling apart. The quality of the rooms had dropped significantly. We used to come in groups of at least 10 people every year, but now Xafira is over for us. 206. Yorum: The hotel was very shabby, poor service, staff was rude, the room was dirty, so I emphasize that it was really dirty, they never cleaned it properly. So if there were zero stars, I would give this hotel zero… 207. Yorum: Alanya region is our priority region for our holiday preferences. We have been choosing hotels in the same area for 6 years. We came with doubts because we read bad reviews about Xafira, but it was a nice holiday for us, we enjoyed our stay except for the type of food. When we arrived at the entertainment section, we were struck by a local show that we had never seen before in a hotel. We ate a delicious Maras ice cream, they played jokes on our daughter, we recorded a video and it became a memory for us. We also took family photos wearing our national dresses. We thank you for everything. 208. Yorum: First of all, because the hotel is very crowded, employees cannot reach many common areas. For example, the bathrooms are very dirty, the food is mediocre, the common areas are bad, the bars do not serve more than 2 drinks. having to queue again. The waiters at the restaurant are not interested. The bars close at 2am. The employees are nervous and respond as if you have a complaint, go and report it to management. Check-in after 2:00 PM is not possible. They make you wait. You are unable to find a seat in the restaurant. You bring 1800/2000 people to the hotel, not even the restaurant, the bars, or the number of employees... It's a complete nightmare. We cancelled the reservation at the end of the first day. 209. Yorum: Very good hotel, pool, food and clean facilities. I would enjoy it again with my family, there are many things to do in the city, it is a good sailboat and it was fantastic. The spa experience was a fantastic experience, I would definitely recommend it. My first time here and I came on the recommendation of my daughters. 210. Yorum: I have been going on holiday to Alanya or Antalya for years, it was one of the most disgusting and irresponsible hotels I have ever seen in my life. -zero service -We ordered a crib, they said it would arrive immediately, it arrived 5 hours later. -The food is the same every day. I have never seen a different meal during my stay. -Although we reported that the bed leg was broken, no one came to look at it or cared. I will definitely never return to this hotel, it is not a hotel to go to, it would be a waste of money. 211. Yorum: This was the hotel we went to as a family on July 31 and August 4. It is a 5 star hotel, but it does not even deserve 3 stars. They register you and give you your room card and tell you where your room is. There is no information about the hotel. Yes, the hotel is very large in terms of capacity, but the restaurants, pools, water parks and beaches are inadequate for this capacity. If you order entertainment, always the same food. It's the same every day, there's nothing different. There have been many 5-star hotels. Until now, I've been there and I can say that it's the worst hotel I've ever seen. On the 4th day we called and had it. The room was cleaned, but after a superficial cleaning they did not put bath towels. I would especially like to point out that the rooms are very dirty. There is a sewage smell in the rooms at night. On the first day, sea water flowed from the fountains. The bathrooms in the common area were disgusting for the money we paid. Unfortunately we are in the homeland of bananas, but for some reason there are no bananas. At every meal other fruits you cannot buy in the market paying money, the drinks are very bad, cola drinks, sugar water, most of the drinks you know have very low acidity, this hotel has very low quality of service in general, it is a mediocre hotel, I say do not go there.... 212. Yorum: It was a nice vacation for us after the busy stock market season. The hotel overall was nice. I am sensitive to cleanliness and this was enough for me. I think the poolside activities were enough. I would especially like to thank our son who had a great time at the ice cream show held in the amphitheater on Thursday. 213. Yorum: We are very happy with the hotel, the rooms and food were very good. I would also like to thank the animation team very much, the mini club was a great help. Our children and we had so much fun, we can't wait to go back. 214. Yorum: The worst supposed 5 star hotel we have ever seen. So anyone who was happy here was either bribed or there for free. The outdated structure of the buildings is another thing that could perhaps be accepted. However, in our eyes, human error in cleaning and hygiene is unacceptable. We don't even want to talk about food and drinks. Dinner was from 7 to 9 pm and at 9 pm sharp the lights go out, the aspiring department head or whatever you want to call him yells at his employees to turn off the coffee machines, even though they still have some left. guests in the machine. At 8:30 p.m. the area was partially cleared. And the photos will speak of the cleanliness of the rooms. The beach is absolutely catastrophic, just stones, so definitely bring children's shoes or do like us and walk 7-8 minutes to the right, where at least there is sand. The sun loungers are also very old and dirty. Please get in touch if you have any questions and be prepared to carry your bags yourself. 215. Yorum: The hotel pool was very good. The water park was very nice. We had a lot of fun. But the sea and the beach are just as bad. Meals: 3 Desserts: 2 Animation team: 4 Cleanliness: 3 I also think that in the huge hotel there could be a prayer room and a baby care room. 216. Yorum: First of all, the sea was not good. Stony and dirty. The hotel staff is diligent but not enough. The animation team is fine. You won't go hungry during meals, there is always something on offer. The problem is that there is a bad smell in the pool. Water circulation is not sufficient. 5 stars but feels like 3 stars. Among the hotels I have visited in Alanya so far, it remains at the bottom of the list in terms of satisfaction. 217. Yorum: The bad treatment and behavior started from the first day. The rooms were not cleaned nor was the minibar refreshed. The rooms are horrible, the bathrooms are a disgrace. Absolutely nothing was right. The hotel owner literally kicked us out of the hotel when he finished work on the last day. The day we went they didn't give us the right to eat, when we left they said you didn't have the right to eat and they didn't give us any food. Once they get the money, they lose contact with everyone. I definitely don't recommend it to anyone. The largest and most famous hotel in the Mediterranean region. There were no cotton swabs or slippers in the rooms. They didn't even give us proper water even though we asked for it, it's a cheap place with limited everything. I don't think it will last long, everyone is too arrogant about this policy. 218. Yorum: The hotel was very nice, the food, room cleanliness and service were top notch, the water park was quite large. We loved the animation team, the mini club was very nice for my daughter, we thank everyone, we can't wait to come back. 219. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, everything was great, activities in the pool, service, rooms, everything was as we wanted, it was very pleasant, we stayed for a week, we recommend it to everyone, we are thinking of coming back, thanks to The animation team wishes you a good day. 220. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel for 10 days and I can only recommend it. We were there last year and will spend our holidays in this hotel again next year. Very friendly and motivated staff. Very plentiful, tasty food with a very wide selection. 221. Yorum: The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. The animation team is very good and they offer nice shows every night. Various activities with nice prizes take place throughout the day. The pool is big. There are pleasant visits to the dentist every evening, which is very good for young people. 222. Yorum: We were deceived by the appearance of the hotel. It is a 5 star hotel. Wi-Fi is paid for. Everything has already been charged in euros. The liquid soap in the room was broken. There is a strange sewage smell. The animation and kids club are very bad, only the face painting activity was nice. There are no toys. In addition, the swings in the park are broken on one side and mediocre on the other. 4 days, zero meat, always chicken and turkey, frozen hard fish, there is meat in the burger but not even my son ate it, saying "what kind of mother is this?" coke in the mini bar, 2 each, then only water, and if you don't go to dinner by 18.30 they burn you, not a plate or a glass left to rest. 223. Yorum: I traveled here from Austria following good recommendations. I've been here for 3 days and so far no problems. The room was pretty clean but it was okay. The food was limited but it was easy to fill up. The animation team was very successful. 224. Yorum: I vacation in Türkiye every year and always stay in 5 star all inclusive hotels, but this is not worth 1 or 2 stars. I have lived here for 6 days and unfortunately there are a few nights left, but it is below all… 225. Yorum: We are currently at the hotel and our vacation, which we took after being fooled by the photos, has come to an end. We still have 2 days left and how do you expect a vacation to end... We come from Izmir, like this. It took us 10 hours, we wanted to go to our room early to sleep because we were very tired at night, but it was not possible, we turned off the TV by itself, it turns on, the bidet faucet starts running by itself. a loud noise, the phone doesn't work, we're falling asleep, the bathroom works again, they say tech support is coming, but I don't even know where they are, let's talk about eating and drinking; It's incredible how dirty plates, cutlery and glasses can be. For example, today I tried to eat with a knife because there was no fork. They say there is no bar in this hotel, but these things are not bars. For example, while you were at the pool at noon, you wanted to have coffee and tea and tea and dessert with dessert. You have to walk meters between the rooms... The sources of the machines where it is. The colorful drinks served at the snack bar are terribly covered with mold and moss... There is nowhere to go for a walk... The activities and entertainment are not pleasant either. Everything is in euros and dollars. There are hardly any Turkish guests... 226. Yorum: The hotel is really big and has a lot to offer, from beautiful swimming pools to the entertainment group that offers many fitness classes, games and nightly shows. The food was good and the rooms were very clean. I had no problems with this hotel, all the staff are very friendly and helpful. 227. Yorum: It's unbelievable how they got five stars, it should be in the three star hotel category. The cleanliness is zero, the food is the same every day, the only alcohol you can drink is beer, the brand of raki and whiskey is unknown. the rest are paid for, they are paid for freshly squeezed fruit juices, slippers, shampoo, shower gel, etc. in the room. There is nothing. Cleaning is done every two days, the room is thorough, there is dust and dirt everywhere. The area around the snack bar smells bad, the smell cannot be stopped. There isn't even a nightclub for entertainment, they take you to the nightclub outside for money. Even fresh-pressed fruit juice is paid for. for everything, why do everything? It's called an ultra 5 star hotel. The beach isn't even called a beach, the jeans are bad, it's dirty, it's torn, there's zero order... 228. Yorum: The hotel's hygiene is non-existent and the food is a disgrace. We filled our stomachs with chips and spring rolls at the snack bar every day. In the evenings, go out to eat in Alanya. They say that there is a lot of variety for dinner, which is diversified with spaghetti and chips, which are never missing, but the plates are not cleaned well. Finding a plate, fork and knife is a blessing. There is a system that thinks that to clear the room you just have to throw mobs on the floor. I stayed in many hotels, even the hostels or aparthotels I went to were cleaner. You have to wait 10 minutes in line even to get drinks at the pool bar. We wanted to leave the hotel without waiting for the end of our stay. 229. Yorum: Outdated rooms | very good reception, they changed our room because it was noisy | minibar was not restocked. |dirty pool bar |main bar very nice |restaurant very busy and food not hot |My husband had a… 230. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, we have been here for a week, we had a very fun time, the food is excellent, the rooms are very clean and well organized, there are nice shows at night, we always attend, we are thinking of coming back next year, thanks especially to the animation, have a nice day. 231. Yorum: An excellent and fun hotel. I definitely plan to come back. The staff is so nice and fun I would come just for them. Everyone was friendly and the architecture of the hotel was legendary and made me feel like I was in a palace. 232. Yorum: My family and I are coming from Germany. We have been staying at this hotel since 21.07.2024. It is a hotel that does not deserve even 1 of 5 stars from the moment we entered until now. It's never a greeting When you go to the room, you feel disgusted touching everything, even the bathroom in the room. It is a hotel that we want to leave when we enter. We are asking for our money back. My daughter and I got very sick, instead of apologizing for it, they acted disrespectfully. Unfortunately the hotel in general is very dirty, including the pool and beach. Nobody cares, even if you complain, it's you. the blame. I would never recommend it to anyone. Hygiene, smiling face, interest, we saw none of this, dishonor with money... All we write are photos and videos with evidence. 233. Comment: Hotel. From the outside it looks decent, the lobby is also impressive, but the standard of the hotel is below average. I don't know how a hotel can have a 5 star rating when it definitely rates as a measly 3 star. The hotel beach is very small and unkempt, the sun loungers are damaged. The main restaurant is crowded, it is difficult to get a table, there is dirt everywhere. The "Ultra all-inclusive" option is a joke. The food was monotonous, the drinks in the main restaurant were served in plastic cups, the same went for the cutlery, which was also plastic. Wi-Fi in the room and in the hotel facilities with additional charge. Rooms. Cleaning involves sweeping everything under the beds. The cleaning lady walks into the room where there are still people sleeping and doesn't care at all. Swimming pools. Overall, the pools are probably the only thing not to complain about, although the lack of trash bins and the trash thrown everywhere are not a very pleasant sight. I am not going on holiday to do a white glove test, but when I buy a trip I expect that at least the standards presented in the offer are met to a minimum. It's not here, "never again" for me. 234. Yorum: First of all, the hotel is neither very good nor very bad. It's all-inclusive, but first we need to say what it all is. All drinks are produced under the hood. It is supported with sugar syrups. Draft beer tastes terrible. The varieties of food and salads and desserts are quite abundant. The quality is average. The water park is very good. There is a free sauna and Turkish bath, but there is no soap. Please remember upon entering that towels are only available at the entrance. You will thoroughly enjoy your meal, sit down, and the lights will go out at 9 p.m. m. You don't enjoy the food or the environment. I don't understand what the rush is. There is also a shuttle service very close to the beach. There is a market and a liquor store next to the hotel. The hotel could have been improved with a little more luxury and quality food and drink. 235. Yorum: I would NOT recommend this hotel at all. My family and I, including my two young children, stayed at the resort for 4 nights. We encountered some serious problems. -The bathroom water had problems, the water in the sink and shower turned orange from time to time, which was most likely contaminated. The water tasted very salty because we used it to gargle when we brushed our teeth. - Since we paid for all inclusive, the food was absolutely atrocious. The food felt reheated several times, meaning leftover food from the night before was reheated and served over and over again during the day. My main concern was that ALL the dishes were very dirty, food stains and dirty water marks. I had to wash my plate under the hot water machine (in the coffee machine) Due to the serious food hygiene problem, my children and I have been very sick with vomiting and diarrhea, obviously food poisoning at the resort restaurant. - The beach outside the resort was absolutely shocking and I would not recommend it at all. It was full of rocks and stones that made walking very difficult and very unsafe. It is definitely not 5 stars as it is rated, more like 2 stars 236. Yorum: Overall the hotel is nice, big, with a big pool and a water park. Children like it very much. But!!! very dirty. No cleaning is carried out in public places (showers, toilets, swimming pools). The beach is also very dirty and small. Inconvenient entrance to the sea. 237. Yorum: There is nothing positive to hold on to. What can I say? The food is bad, there are no drinks, the rooms are old, the service is bad, the attention is bad, the hygiene is zero. Our vacation, which we had been waiting for all winter, was in vain... Although the huge restaurant is packed during the meal, they turn off all the lights at 2pm because lunchtime is over. It's a shame and they do it every day at 2:00 p.m. every meal, it's a shame... There is shower gel, soap, shampoo, slippers and drinks in the rooms. There are none. The drinks in the restaurant are a disgrace, all water... Watermelon was not served in the huge hotel even for a single day. 238. Yorum: Very poor hotel. Hygiene is very poor throughout the hotel. In the room, the bathroom had not been cleaned by the previous guests and remained that way until we left the hotel. In the restaurant the dishes are not washed, they are only cleaned, the staff is very rude. And you can't even think of a beach on the sea. There is no beach, just rocks. Make no mistake, friends! 239. Yorum: I entered on 06/16/24 and left on 06/19/24. The hotel is very bad, the food is sloppy, the fast food is only good, the quality is zero all inclusive concept, but every time I go there they only serve alcohol, only a limited amount of food, but they give you. 2 glasses at a time no water came to the room for 2 days. On the last day it was placed in front of the door, I think they gave a new one to the customer so they could check out. I went by car, there is no parking, we were greeted rudely and when we asked, we were told to go and put it outside wherever we wanted. The employees are relentlessly rude and insistent on not doing their jobs. Cleanliness is a big 0. I mean, it's a shame that they treat them like beggars for their money and say that we don't need the Turks. A big nothing, a big zero 240. Yorum: I don't know where to start, but in a word, it's a very bad hotel. The food is the same every day, there was no meat to be seen, the plates and glasses were all dirty, and there is always a queue. The number of employees is so small that they cannot cope. Finding a senzloung is another problem, it is very crowded. In short, we were not at all satisfied, it was a big disappointment. 241. Yorum: Pretty on the outside, but ugly on the inside. Our stay at this hotel was extremely unsatisfactory. The room was dirty, the bathroom was not clean and the floor was obviously not mopped. Despite being asked twice, the bathroom, which was infested with mold, was not cleaned. The bar was in a deplorable condition and gave off an unpleasant smell. The food was monotonous and without variety. To make matters worse, the staff was unfriendly and unhelpful. We cannot recommend this hotel under any circumstances. 242. Yorum: Despite reading negative reviews, we came to this hotel in large numbers and it is a SUPER big hotel. And the fact that something wears out over time and people is probably written by people who should stay at home. 243. Yorum: The sports area closes at 5:00 p.m. m., while people want to exercise at night. The pool closes at 6pm, but after that it's nice to just swim. You have to pay a lot separately to wash your clothes. A few euros per item, sometimes almost 10 euros. The room was not cleaned, I went to the desk the same morning and was told it would be taken care of immediately. Nothing had happened in the afternoon, so I returned to the counter around 2:00 p.m. m. and they told me they would do it right away. They didn't clean our room at all. VERY BADLY!!!! I wouldn't recommend it. 244. Yorum: We also came to the hotel last year, this year it was above average, the quality of the food has dropped a lot, we constantly queue, it is much more difficult to buy drinks at the bar, the rooms were not clean, they did not… 245. Yorum: I came here 6 years ago, it was a bit okay at that time, the hotel needs urgent maintenance, the seats are broken, the cleaning is not good. 246. Yorum: The pool is good, the entertainer and the people at reception are friendly and helpful, however the food is not very good, the cleaning is poorly done but the rooms are quite good in general. The games room isn't very good, which is also a shame if you're with the family. 247. Yorum: The food was very good. The staff was very friendly. The animation team especially was great. They did great activities day and night. The evening shows were very good. My son had a great time at the mini club. I would like to especially thank Mrs. Animator İller for his interest. 248. Yorum: The hotel is at the back, in row 3, 15 minutes walk from the beach. They have a minibus that runs every 15 minutes, but they are packed. The beach assigned to the hotel is small, narrow and can barely accommodate a few people. The restaurant and hallways are full of mold and dirt everywhere. The juice and coffee dispensers are splattered with all kinds of drinks and no one cleans them. The only thing that works is the air conditioning. The bar on the ground floor is only open until 2am and the lights go out after midnight. It's all about economics.