1. Yorum: I stayed at this establishment for two weeks, I noted a few negative points that spoiled my stay. The rooms are very poorly insulated, the children run in the corridor and talk very loudly in the middle of the night. The kid club is far from everything. We have to go through the garbage collection (truck, smell) in 40 degree heat to get there. Speaking of smells, sometimes because of the fruits and cocktails at 40° when you go through the snacks, there is a smell of fermentation which is very unpleasant. The hotel is large, and lacks practicalities for going outside the hotel, for example we are forced to walk along a river full of mosquitoes for a good 10 minutes to go to the shopping street while direct access is possible because there is a gate outside. The buffet is repetitive! The a la carte restaurants are always full, even if we go there in the morning to make reservations. You should know that reservations are made from eight in the morning, so you have to hurry because I was lucky enough once to reserve a Chinese restaurant that was really bad! We didn't finish our meals and went to the buffet! This is not the only negative point. Unfortunately I notice. It’s a race for the deckchair! You don't have to sleep in to get a place, and it's very far from the swimming pools too! That's not all! I have a lot to say! We spent €300 on a massage and a hammam. It's a horrible experience. We didn't relax at all! We also spent 100€ on a kind of pool house, and even there, we were not at peace because the customers were walking past and diving in front of us, but we took this private space to be at peace. The customers are really not civilized!! I have so much to say! I asked the customer service for a cap, even though we spent €840 in total on the hotel and she dared to ask me for €2. Activities are extremely expensive! 2. Yorum: 2nd time I stay at this hotel and I was not disappointed. The service is amazing. The rooms are spacious and clean (just poorly insulated, we had to deal with very noisy neighbors who screamed every time they were in their room, children and parents included). Otherwise nothing to say except that it is worth its price (high however but deserved) Special mention to NECATI KADIR a young man around the swimming pool with his drinks cart present from morning to day, he was very polite, smiling and courageous to be standing for 8 hours in 40 degree heat, a big bravo to him. That's from the pool entertainment team who were great with my family and me, they were super nice as well as young Mirzo too. Also thanks to the gentlemen who clean around the pool from morning until evening non-stop, well done to them for the hard work. In short, it's hard to thank them all, but this hotel is really the best. Cleanliness level, nothing to say. Food we have a choice whether it is at the restaurant or around the pool. I recommend this hotel 3. Yorum: In a word, avoid. The hotel is really not worth the price, the service leaves something to be desired, the rooms are rubbish and too noisy when you hear everything that is happening in the neighboring rooms, the dairy (mattress, cushions, duvet) is not comfortable at all, the shower is too small too. The food is not good and it is always the same dishes, it is a shame. The hotel is not very clean and there are bad smells everywhere. We had a family emergency and the hotel did not want to make any effort with us they do not respect family emergencies. The atmosphere is lousy. At the same price I prefer to go to Dubai in a real 5 star hotel with all the service and comfort that goes with it. Big disappointment for this hotel. It was a first time and certainly the last. 4. Yorum: Top quality food, spoilt for choice, meat eaters or vegans... excellent... just the nectarines even with healthy teeth you can lose a tooth, the knife didn't manage to cut too hard :) at night there is soup meat fruit starters salad... excellent for people who don't like to go to bed early and still want to eat, the people who work there are all very friendly toilet hygiene excellent, for each toilet there is a person dedicated to hygiene and frankly she works there she doesn't sleep. Too bad the price is high, I stayed 5 nights with two children, there are children's parks with rides, several slides in the swimming pool excellent for children over 5 years old who can fully enjoy them (there are height limits for children for the large slides it is 1m20 minimum.) otherwise there are small slides for children in the small pool. If you can afford it, it's top quality, I recommend it. 5. Yorum: It is a large complex with large swimming pools and slides suitable for everyone with very good service, its strong point is the entertainment and the animators and especially the foreigners like Nazim and Max and others. But its negative point is that there are a lot of people so the food is passable despite the great variety available. But overall somodo is good almost very good with the service and the animators. It's 6. Yorum: Hotel to avoid!! I did not find any positive points I ruined my vacation with the reservation in this hotel Arrived in the room and the surprise disgusting room full of dust dirty curtains, the smell of the pipes and even with a hundred complaints nothing has changed they sent a technician who really did nothing! The smell is still there Small cockroach in the bathroom seen this morning I had the fright of my life Food too bad not good menu that repeats itself every day Salad that is from the day before yesterday that is served after 2 or 3 days No value for money! I regret my choice this year even though it is my 4th time in Antalya and it has never happened to me and in cheaper hotels than this one. Only advice: Don't make my mistake 7. Yorum: The best, everything is very clean, the staff is super friendly. I noticed that a pool ladder was broken, I didn't even have time to report it because it was already repaired. Great services. The main restaurant is great. With several themes, for example a child-free place for couples. Very good food. top thank you very much 8. Yorum: Coming from Algeria for the 3rd year in a row, we spent 10 days as a family in this hotel. We are very satisfied with the varied restaurant, attentive staff, clean swimming pools. For the children it was a treat, they had fun on the slides for all ages. An ideal place to spend the holidays, just the town must find a solution for the canal opposite which disfigures the environment. A solution could be to cover it. 9. Yorum: Hotel to avoid The service is not up to the price The buffet is not good And the rooms are old and leave something to be desired In addition they have no respect for people's personal emergencies 10. Yorum: I really liked this hotel and I highly recommend it. Everything is great 👍🏻 If you are sporty you will love the very large gym and its 50 m 11 swimming pool. Yorum: This was our second stay at this hotel, which we loved the first time. Always very pleasant, the facilities for children are great. Big negative point: the air conditioning throughout the hotel, extremely cold compared to the outside temperature, as a result we ended our vacation sick 🤧🤧. Another downside is poor soundproofing in the rooms. Too bad ☹️ 12. Yorum: Very good hotel We were not disappointed. We spent 9 days there as a family: 2 adults, 1 child and a baby. Very good buffet, well-maintained room, the hotel is super clean despite some tourists who leave everything lying around, the maintenance and catering staff do a great job. Nice show, non-French speaking hotel but we still manage 😀 We will return with great pleasure in 2.3 years 13. Yorum: We spent a week in this hotel with our 6 year old son and we will keep a great memory of our stay! The hotel is great, clean, food all day and the cocktails are excellent! We had a lot of fun on the slides and the different pools! We will be back 😀 14. Yorum: Sumptuous hotel! Ideal for a family vacation I highly recommend 15. Yorum: The hotel in general is very good! The food is good fresh and clean! The rooms are more or less spacious. The staff are very kind and helpful. The hotel is large and beautiful. The water in the swimming pools is not clean. the cleaning ladies make a lot of noise and speak very loudly in the corridors. they do not respect the rest of the residents In hotel! It lacks quality for a 5 star. The hotel is expensive for what it is. It's not worth the price! 16. Yorum: We stayed 17 nights at this hotel in September 22 Our opinion on this hotel. We had already made the imperial which we liked. First of all, the exterior is really nice, the pools are big and there is enough space. The water park is great. The fitness center is new and beautiful. The evening shows are numerous and always live up to the entertainment standards. Regarding the hotel itself, a disaster, the interior needs to be redone, the rooms are very poorly insulated, it is impossible to sleep before midnight because of the noise from the Titanic hotel and the bed is uncomfortable. But the worst is the food which is always repetitive and very poorly cooked, often lukewarm or even cold. Most of the people who prepare the food in the main restaurant are inexperienced and there is a HUGE lack of hygiene. Let's not talk about the a la carte restaurants, apart from the Japanese restaurant, move on. We both got sick from the food, my wife got food poisoning. The worst stay we have had since we started staying in 5* hotels. Finally, the service is deplorable and mediocre, staff not smiling, not competent, just unpleasant. In short, a bad stay and a 3* hotel, nothing more. However, the price has remained the same, we expect a different type of service. I do not recommend this hotel especially if you are used to others. Despite internal surveys to ask what can be improved, there are too many problems, many things need to be reviewed. 17. Yorum: We are currently in this hotel... After having been to the Delphin Impérial last year where everything was perfect! A little less here... but remains OK in general... The food is less varied than at the Imperial Dolphin... the service is less good. But the worst thing is the lack of politeness and kindness of some of the staff. Sometimes you feel like you're disturbing them! To be too much! The girl from the cafe by the sea Cigun or cengun? Shows us early every morning! The most unpleasant person I have ever seen! No hello or thank you and to top it all off she's constantly pulling a face! And yet I really tried to be nice, polite and pleasant! Brief! People like that have no place in customer service! They must be in the kitchen or in maintenance! Make room for nice people who will make you want to come back... Sincerely... Imane Benachir Thank you... I add that things were taken in hand by a girl who takes care of public relations for the hotel! A golden person! She handled everything masterfully and quickly... moreover she did everything to make us forget this inconvenience.... Bravo! See you soon I hope.. It's only 18. Yorum: Very nice hotel, very complete where you have absolutely everything. We had a great week with the family (7 people / room 2223 / 12.09 - 19-09) Quality and attentive service are essential. From the room staff to the waiters, everything was perfect. And the food... beautiful and delicious. The only negative point that we will remember would be, some of the cooks in the main restaurant, who for some were very cold and the smile forgotten. Apart from this detail everything was perfect. Many thanks to your great team. 19. Yorum: Magnificent!!! We stayed at this hotel from August 3 to 7, 2022, my children did not want to leave, I should have booked longer, the hotel is very complete, perfect for staying with children, playgrounds, rides for children in the evening, Aqua park. all included in the price, I'm not even talking about the succulent meals, I've never tasted so many good meals in such a short time, you won't be hungry, snacks complete the whole thing every 100 meters I would say, thank you to all the staff for their kindness, their speed in serving us on Rollers around the pool and their politeness. I would come back with pleasure Thank you very much 😊 20. Yorum: We stayed as a family in this hotel, the welcome was very good, the room modern and well appointed. The infrastructure is exceptional, lots of pools, slides and games for the little ones. Small downside on the food which was not great for my taste and the cocktails which have no taste apart from the sugar. 21. Yorum: First trip to a Delphine hotel for a 6-day stay, when we arrived we had a room next to the ventilation, the noise was very unpleasant and prevented us from sleeping, we asked to change rooms and we had to wait until the next day, they made us come back 3 times before being able to take the new room. At the buffet level after 5 days it is quite repetitive which is a shame, nevertheless there is a lot of variety, the desserts are more beautiful than good to my taste Several small snacks are arranged outside with a small buffet Temperature level we went in November the temperatures go up to 30 degrees which was really good 👍☀️☀️ The hotel is super big, on the square they offer activities like jet skiing 70€ (2 people) surfing buoys 50€ (2 people) boat excursions 100€ 2 people) etc…. However, the days are quite short, being in the autumn period there are not many activities apart from a show every day at 9 p.m., the discotheque is very small but there are dance evenings for the elderly in the main room. The staff is super friendly, the service is incredible as soon as our worm is empty they rush to give us another one. 22. Yorum: Incredible clean hotel with everything available! Very high quality restaurants! Small downside compared to the toy store which scams... Prices are not displayed and are at the customer's discretion. For a small slim toy, I was asked for 19 euros and when I took out my money... Finally the gentleman shows me his calculator and asks me for 90 euros!!! For a small toy that would be worth 10... extremely dishonest! We need to review the behavior of this gentleman, which is unacceptable and not worthy of a hotel of this type!! 23. Yorum: Superb complex, an excellent stay spent with my family. Very attentive staff, very varied buffet with tasty dishes. Everything is always very clean, I am delighted. I highly recommend this resort without hesitation. That said, there is a stain within these walls. the Valentino store, with a terrible boss, I gave a bag to my wife outside the hotel, the gentleman was upset that we had not bought it from him. I asked him if he had a specific bag in stock and he replied in a very haughty manner "if I don't see it, it's because it's not in stock..." His interpersonal skills really leave something to be desired... this gentleman deserves to do a job far from the customer... I will still end my comment on a positive note, by thanking all the staff for their friendliness, kindness and helpfulness. Test your skills 🙏🏻👍🏻👏🏻 24. Yorum: Great, magnificent, it deserves the 5 stars. A welcome worthy of a palace, valet, baggage handler. A large clean room with a fruit platter, cake and champagne on arrival. The room is cleaned every day, as is the mini bar, which is refilled every day. The restaurant is huge; the dishes are themed, a theme every day; the service is self-service served by waiters (because of covid). For eating you have different areas with or without children. For the swimming pool: Outside you have the quiet area without children, then several other swimming pools. And buffets that offer different dishes, vegetables and fruits for those who do not want to change to go to the indoor restaurant. Aquapark for babies from 0 to 5 years old, and another for children and adults. A very large beach with sand, and a quay with bar. Entertainment, a mini club for children. A show every night. 25. Yorum: It deserves more than 5 stars Paradise for adults and children Aqua park large slide Beach pool, the rooms Everything was great! Everything was clean and so were the customers. The employees are super professional and kind We couldn't dream of anything better I don't see what more could be done to improve this hotel The spa is excellent The food is perfect and very varied Small downside the 1m20 to do the slide my son was very disappointed from the height of it is 1m14 lol The chichi are not always there you have to wait until a certain time There is no more shisha bar And some shows are a bit corny But the rooms are clean and big. I hope to come back ❤️ 26. Yorum: 3rd time I come to the hotel, this time I took my mother and my sister who both enjoyed their vacation in this magnificent hotel. I would like to highlight the kindness and professionalism of Alisa Ruslanova at the reception who speaks Italian and who was able to provide me with information because no one at the reception speaks French. A fantastic girl! I hope to come back for the 4th time next year, I am promoting it to those around me in the hope of getting a commercial gesture. See you next year 27. Comment: Hotel top. Several swimming pools and a beautiful water park for children. Varied food, lots of choice Clean and fairly recent room At the entrance to the hotel there is a small amusement park, very nice for children. 28. Yorum: Currently at the hotel, we are a family of 5, excellent hotel, several activities for the whole family, huge water park, rides, entertainment, gym better than my gym in the Paris region. The incredible staff of real ants who work in all directions to satisfy the customer. Very clean hotel, nothing to add. 29. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very nice. I went there with my wife and my 2 children (1 year old and 6 years old) it was 42° and it was perfect the hotel is very well air conditioned and the swimming pool, the slide and the sea very pleasant. roller-skating server to bring you drinks and buffet available outside of meal times. On the other hand, one star less for the price of massages and additional services which are really too high, even excessive, look for a massage in Lara, go there in 10 minutes by taxi, and buy what you need 5 minutes away on foot at the Migros or at the Bazaar opposite (Pampers for babies 18 euros at the hotel and the same 5 euros at the Migros is exaggerated). It's a shame, I would have preferred to have a massage at the hotel but the price was 2/3 cheaper elsewhere. 30. Yorum: Great hotel, the room perfectly matched the photo on the site. We stayed for 7 nights, the sheets were changed every day as well as the bath towels. The mini bar was always full. The service both at the pool and in the restaurant was great, you just had to take a seat and within 2 minutes of waiting a waiter came to offer you a drink. The food was excellent as well. We had a great stay!!! I highly recommend the hotel. 31. Yorum: Very nice hotel, top hygiene. Staff try as much as possible to be attentive. The only downside is the restaurant, good without being wow but very redundant. For short stays it's perfect but over 5 days you can do the tour. 32. Yorum: Stay August 2018 Very very disappointed. The postcard is beautiful but only seen from the outside. Too long a wait at reception upon arrival, dirty room not even cleaned. We were moved to another room with another 20 minutes of waiting. The noise makes it impossible to sleep, eat, or have a coffee in peace. Everywhere it screams, it resonates in the corridors, the floors, the dining rooms where the staff never stops breaking dishes by wanting to go too fast, they are not waiters, they are athletes, they run non-stop. The tables are not cleared quickly, the play area around the pools is the same... So it looks really dirty. Really average food, an Italian evening without pizza is unheard of!!! Average entertainment: for example, football for children at 4 p.m. in the heat (it's over 40 degrees) instead of scheduling it in the morning between 10 a.m. and noon, for example. Those who give 5 stars have never really been to a real 5 star hotel, or have been blinded by the lights and spotlights of the hotel. Not even a path for pedestrians to leave the hotel, you have to walk on the road between taxis and buses, on a path that isn't even lit. In short, a real fiasco. The only positive point is the swimming pools and aqua park. This is the first time I have posted a comment on the internet to describe the level of this hotel. A simple 2 stars would have been more than enough... 33. Yorum: A great place for young and old!! The hotel is luxurious, very clean! The hotel staff at the reception are very friendly, welcoming and helpful! There is an Aquapark for adults and one for children as well as a lunaparc within the establishment! All-you-can-eat buffets where you can eat very well, snacks, multi-bars... all inclusive. A paradise for adults and children! I highly recommend it 34. Yorum: Seventh stay in Antalya (Lara) and we came across the worst hotel. We were given a room for two adults and a child even though there were four of us (2 adults and 2 children)! We of course complained at reception but how can I say... in this hotel 2+2 makes 3! The toilets smelled like drains! The half-dismantled shower... etc! The food was not great and the food stands were dirty and there was a funny smell! The main restaurant staff were working hard but there weren't enough staff for all the people there (most of the time we served ourselves). Brief... There is so much more to say that I will stop there. 35. Yorum: If you are a family of more than 3 people, the 4th person will sleep on the sofa (that's the response from reception). The toilet in the room stank of pipes. Bad staff service! The food (yes we can talk about food) is bad, especially during the day, inedible! In short, never again! 36. Yorum: Second stay, the first was in May 2017. I would like to highlight the improvement of services and the quality of the serving staff. I congratulate the entire team in place for making our stay particularly pleasant. We noticed a marked improvement in the minor flaws from our first visit. The staff is particularly pleasant, the quality of the meals is clearly improving, and the hotel's services are complete. Having tested several hotels on the coast, I had finally resigned myself to asking for things twice to get it. Sometimes I even got something else than I asked for. Pleasantly surprised, I have never been so well served in a hotel! I could go on for hours about the highlights of the Delphin Be Resort, but I'll keep it short, it's in my opinion the best all-inclusive hotel in Antalya... and certainly to the world. BRAVO! 37. Yorum: I am currently in the hotel, it is simply magnificent and complete, for anyone (family, young, single couple). I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for and wanting to have a luxury vacation (service, staff, food, endless). Super gorgeous 38. Yorum: We just spent a week from 07/12 to 07/19/20 at the Delphine Imperial and 5 days from 07/28 to 08/01/20 at the Delphine Be Grand room 4329 with our family and our 2 daughters. Le Be Grand; huge with a lovely pleasant setting, great water park for children young and old. Even if I find that 5 p.m. is a little early to leave the children's pool with a little girl who still has a nap until 3:30 p.m. by the time she gets down she doesn't have much time to have fun since you have to leave the pool at 5 p.m. 🤷‍♀️ My daughters still had an excellent stay thanks to the mini club leaders, especially a big thank you to BuRCU, YASEMIN and KÜBRA you are great, well done for your work! 👌❤️ A little suggestion; I find that the towels and the various food stands are quite far from the pools, it's a shame! Otherwise, the staff are friendly and smiling and the food is good! 39. Yorum: VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!! We stayed from 10/28/2021 to 11/04/2021 in room number 4701, a room that had a "land" view, it was a big disappointment when we arrived in the room, we had a "radiator-air conditioner" view I would say and without forgetting the noise that goes with it.. impossible to sleep properly and even less to enjoy the balcony.. there was a day of rain and we were flooded when we returned to the room, the drain on the balcony was blocked and there was an infiltration at ceiling level, apparently for the infiltration it was "normal" according to the staff. towels were put on the floor to prevent water from coming through the bay window but these remained for the rest of the stay.. Second day we had a letter in front of the door telling us to come and pay for the reservation (we found out later but it was due to an oversight by the hostess) we were persistently harassed on the room phone to quickly come and pay immediately within a minute We were disappointed after that, we were entitled to a restaurant reservation a la carte but impossible to book, it was always FULL FULL FULL The buffet looks tempting but the quality is really not great for my taste.. This is just an example, but French toast cooked on the same plate as the grilled sausages, I'll let you imagine the taste. the ice creams are inedible, they look like chewing gum.. The general condition of the hotel leaves something to be desired, knowing that it is a 5 star hotel there are things that are not acceptable, smells more than unpleasant in many places, more than half of the floor tiles broken, do not leave your children there with bare feet. The only real positive is the children's pool 40. Yorum: 10 days spent with my husband and children it was the best of the best meals entertainment welcome small funfair ultra included we had even rented the bungalow by the pool and beach nothing to say the water park the security the medical care Nothing to say top top thank you for everything and see you very very soon 41. Yorum: Excellent stay at the top. Advantages: Food, snacks, hotel in general, swimming pools, aquapark, water sports, sauna, hammam and more... Many thanks to Marine, the Delphinus host. Disadvantages: joint in the bathroom not very clean and bedding especially the cushions you can do better for a 5 star. No fresh squeezed juice from time to time... Outside the hotel: nothing special, Antalya to visit not too far as well as the ancient sites and the waterfalls. Thanks to the Delphin hotel we will come back 42. Comment: Super hotel ! Happiness for children of all ages. Between the slides, the rides... It's heaven for them. Very good meal and very pleasant staff 43. Yorum: Great hotel, very clean and very pleasant, we went as a family, 4 adults + 2 children at the end of October. The staff was very nice (ultra nice Talar Alkasi) who always tried to get us a table for six, he took care of us during the stay, thank you to him. For the food, a big bravo Very varied, excellent quality I spent my best vacation there at 64 years old and I recommend it without hesitation thank you to DELPHIN BE GRAND RESORT 44. Yorum: This is a splendid place! the staff is super nice and always attentive to vacationers, quality/price is the best, and these food buffets are magnificent, everything is done for our well-being, and above all to come back every year, bravo, class 🤗 … 45. Yorum: Good for large families, the food is not great, not at my level, the workers are overflowing, huffing and puffing when you ask for something and pushing for consumption (sauna, massage, etc.) 46. Yorum: The food was repetitive…sometimes it was good but on the other hand some days not good compared to the price we paid! 47. Yorum: Hello everyone I am currently at the hotel we are very happy we think very good time perfect service cleanliness the people they are very smiling the waiters magnificent there is disinfection everywhere Really very good place 48. Yorum: Great hotel, the food is just delicious, the rooms are big and clean. Several swimming pools including one heated, the sea is clean and the deckchairs are super comfortable. 49. Comment: Hotel 5* international. English is required or Turkish, a little German but no French. Everything is done here to ensure the customer is satisfied and they have understood how to do it!! For some comments on the lack of courtesy of the staff, the formula "ALL INCLUSIVE" does not mean that we have the right to behave like pigs. Respect for staff is also a must in Türkiye. 1 smile, 1 please and 1 thank you, it’s international!! 50. Yorum: The service and staff are really nice and very funny everything was clean. I highly recommend. I highly recommend this hotel for families. 51. Yorum: Nice hotel, but much too noisy in the evening, impossible to sleep because of the music outside. 52. Yorum: Very luxurious hotel but the service is very poor... too many people for not enough staff... not enough space in the a la carte restaurants. Disappointed!!! 53. Yorum: Magnificent hotel I do not recommend for young people from my experience in September maybe in June - July there will be young people but nothing to say about hotel 54. Yorum: Hotel and infrastructure are oversized. Correct comfort and adequate main restaurant. On the other hand, the a la carte restaurants are excellent. 55. Yorum: Hello everyone, I had a great vacation in this hotel, this is the second time I have been to this hotel 56. Yorum: An excellent stay, nothing to say, top-notch staff, highly recommended 57. Yorum: Beautiful 5 star hotel, very modern, beautiful garden, spacious room. I recommend it to you 58. Yorum: Top hotel, large, clean room, smiling and very polite staff 59. Yorum: Great family vacation, nothing to complain about at all levels. 60. Yorum: Congratulations for the investment of all the employees to make the holidays enjoyable. 61. Yorum: Be careful at the spa, they are thieves, otherwise the hotel is magnificent 62. Yorum: Beautiful hotel Superb swimming pools 63. Yorum: Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, beach, staff, everything is really top 64. Yorum: Great hotel, just the service in the bars, average 65. Yorum: Too good I didn't want to come back home 66. Year: NICE hotel, service training needs to be improved significantly 67. Yorum: A very great host as indicated by his Name 68. Yorum: Very satisfied, I had a dream vacation 💕 … 69. Year: The best hotel in antalya lara 70. Yorum: Magnificent Delphine Be Grand 71. Yorum: Very nice club 72. Yorum: More than successful vacation 😀 … 73. Comment: Super 74. Comment: Superb hotel 75. Yorum: Magnificent! 76. Yorum: Exceptional 👍👍👍 … 77. Yorum: I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and would like to highlight a few points. The hotel complex is very clean overall, which leaves a positive impression. The staff is extremely diligent and does their best to complete all tasks and ensure guests have a pleasant stay. I also felt very safe in this hotel, which is an important aspect for me. However, one flaw I would like to point out concerns the rooms, which are in dire need of renovation. This would greatly improve the overall experience. The food was always good quality which is also a positive. Overall I would definitely come back and can recommend this hotel despite the necessary renovations! 78. Yorum: My stay at Delphin Be Grand Resort in Antalya was absolutely amazing. The hotel service is fantastic - very kind and helpful, always ready to meet the expectations of all guests. The rooms are spacious and offer a beautiful view of the sea and the hotel's picturesque park. The food was delicious! Thanks to the wide choice, everyone will find something to suit them: lovers of international cuisine and local specialties will be delighted. There are many attractions in the hotel. Swimming pools, a beach with access to the sea, tennis, table tennis, a mini children's playground and an amusement park - these are just some of the possibilities. There is even a special bus for the little ones, which provides extra fun. In the evening, the hotel organizes parties with music in the bar, which makes the moment more interesting. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great and attraction-filled holiday in Türkiye! 79. Yorum: Amazing resort that has something to do for everyone. Best all inclusive place I've ever been too. Food and drinks are available 24 hours a day. It covers a large area, so if mobility is an issue I would bring/rent a wheelchair. You can get one at the hotel for a refundable deposit of €50. The hallways are a little noisy at night with children etc, but they become quiet around midnight. 80. Yorum: A large hotel geared towards families with children. There are many high quality attractions. A 2-year-old child and an Olympic athlete will find a swimming pool here. In the evening, there are many attractions for adults. Large kitchen. A drawback for some may be the noise level until 11 p.m. 81. Yorum: The hotel is very well located. Our check-in process was very quick. Our room was very nice, large, with a spacious pool and sea view. The staff are amazing - they do their best. They are friendly and. poli. There is nothing to say about the food and drinks. You can find everything everywhere. The snacks are very successful - Kumpir - Meat Döner - Chicken Döner - Tantuni - entrecôte - They even divide the potato. in varieties, spicy and non spicy - wet burger - pancakes - pizza, many other flavors that I can't list. the drinks are in their original bottles (cola). It was very nice that the evening meal was served in a restaurant. (like Fanta Sprite etc) there was a lot of variety.. The pastry was nice.. The fact that the amusement park was free and had lots of toys was great for families with kids like us. It was very good. have heated swimming pools. Antalya temperature in October It's 30 degrees and it's okay. The negative point of the hotel is: The mini club is a bit of a failure, and it would be nice if the entertainment areas like electronic games and bowling were free. Would I come back? I will definitely come back. 82. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel for all ages including babies etc, they cater to everyone 👌 Honestly I have visited a lot of places and hotels but I would definitely say this is the best place, beautiful place. Also, it's a good thing: all towels on the deckchairs before 8am are removed. Day 3 of 7 and honestly it just keeps getting better. 5 stars 100%. 83. Yorum: So my expectations were higher when comparing the price-performance ratio. It was very good but in a 5 star hotel things simply have to be better. However, we were very pleased and the facility is very large so there is something for everyone. 84. Yorum: Fantastic station! We regularly visit luxury resorts and are used to good service. They certainly know how to set the bar high at this hotel. So I'm amazed to see people who have something to complain about and it's never good enough. The rooms were spacious and very clean every day. Safe available in the room. And a mini-bar fully stocked every day with soft drinks, beer and wine. The staff are extremely helpful, friendly and attentive. The food is very tasty and, most importantly, hot at the buffet restaurant. There are 7 a la carte restaurants, 5 of which allow you to dine for free at each restaurant during your stay. For this, it is important to book early in the morning (8:00 a.m. on a machine), otherwise the à la carte restaurants are full. You can book up to 1 day in advance. For adults, a professional gym is open daily from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Usually in hotels the gym is disappointing, but this was not the case here and you can work out well. I would absolutely recommend a stay at this resort for a family! We were here with 2 children aged 9 and 11 and they had a great time. They thought the slide park was awesome. There are no towels at the pool before 8:30am. I was at the pool the first morning at 7:00am because of the reviews I had read online, but there were not a towel in sight except for a few people doing laps. There is also a clear sign stating that it is not allowed before 8:30am. The hotel is located 8-10 minutes walk from the shopping street in the center of Lara. Lara herself is not such a special center. By taxi you can reach Antalya in 30 minutes. (65€) the taxi takes you there and the driver waits for you until you want to return to your hotel. A bit crazy, but apparently that's how it works here, even if they have to wait 2-3 hours for you. Nice to spend an evening! Turkey has become extremely expensive due to inflation, this is noticeable everywhere. (shops taxi hammams) A special thank you to the cleaning lady of room 3417 Emine❤️ She is the best 85. Yorum: It's hard to understand those who don't like it. They constantly ask how your vacation is going. There are many free a la carte restaurants. I definitely recommend it, especially if you have children. It has a great amusement park included in the fee. There are 2 water parks perfect for children and adults. It is very pleasant to go around the pool and the river by boat. You can get your own beer from the cupboards (Miller, Efes, Beck's, Bomonti, Bud). The minibar is stocked with 4 beers, 2 wines and soft drinks every day. The rooms are comfortable and spacious, the food is varied and delicious. The beach is very beautiful, the sea is classic, the Antalya sea is wavy and deep. The cleanliness is very good. Even hotel light shows are favorites. There are some deficiencies in premium alcohols. See you later! 86. Yorum: + The complex looks nice at first glance, very big. + Plenty of food and drinks everywhere, minibar included. + Water park and amusement park for children. + Good selection of fruits, but only during dinner. - Very uncomfortable mattresses, in the morning my husband and I had severe back pain. - The children's water park sprayed water from above at every step - as a child climbed the steps to the slide, they had to wipe their face and eyes at least three times as they were splashed from above. It was inevitable. - Absolutely useless in the face of non-existent "entertainment". - In many places there was a strange sweet smell (garbage?). - Some of the staff looked terribly bored (understandably given the heat). - At first they gave us a room that was a total disgrace. It was only after we complained that they changed our room. - Housekeeping was sporadic, mostly superficial. In the bathroom there was limescale; overall it was not as clean as I expected. - The hotel does not care about the environment at all. They put a plastic straw in each glass (they have long been banned in our country) and everyone drank water from 0.5 liter non-returnable plastic bottles. This is completely absurd. - Although they have a 50 meter pool that I was looking forward to, the water in it is very, very warm, unsuitable for swimming. - We paid a late check out fee in cash but received no confirmation. - After a few days, the food seems bland and repetitive, and the outdoor stalls only offer unhealthy foods. - The beach is a joke, with nasty stones that your feet sink into, sometimes dirty not only with seaweed but as if crushed plastic was floating.