1. Yorum: I'm not a person who makes many comments, but I can't help but comment on this hotel :) I've been to more than 20 hotels in Antalya, even the best hotels, but I've never seen such a beautiful hotel. We stayed for 5 days in the last week of August 2024. Think of a hotel that cares about all your comfort. I've never had a waiter come up to me while I'm lying on a lounge chair and ask if I'm missing anything. beverage and bar areas in all areas. I've never seen a beach bag, t-shirt. Were hats and phone cases provided? It wasn't given to me :)) I've never seen so much variety of food. We never went for lunch because all the restaurants outside have food. It is impossible for you to go hungry in this hotel. Only the poolside activities were few. There could have been more. I highly recommend it :)) For the first time in my life I see that the amusement park is free, enter this hotel and you won't have to pay 5 cents from your pocket. 2. Yorum: We traveled as a couple (65+58 years old). We were both pleasantly surprised by everything. It doesn't matter if it's the hotel itself, the room, the hospitality, the quality, the selection and availability of the food... In addition to the all-day sound, there are also quiet areas. We had the impression that there were significantly more sun loungers than guests. 3. Yorum: A great hotel, with excellent service, all the staff are always very friendly and nice... A huge selection of food, sometimes you don't even know what to take, there is something for everyone. The children's entertainment was also great, the more children there were, the more entertainers there were. It's really a top choice if you're traveling with kids and can relax on the beach with a clear conscience. Overall, we are thrilled with the hotel. 4. Yorum: We stayed with small children at Dolphin Diva, we were pleasantly impressed with this little paradise for children and parents. Rooms are cleaned every day. I was pleasantly surprised by the collaboration of the >Service Bureau< the cuisine is excellent, you won't go hungry. Even on the way to the beach, you can always snack on ice cream, denor, baked potatoes and much more. The beach is clean and has everything for your comfort. The beach house is a different story - very comfortable and the service is good. When I ordered coffee, the waiter offered a plate of fruit, which was very helpful. There is programming at the central pool, there is always some kind of movement / I really liked the theater, we went with pleasure. And for children, of course, there is an amusement park. It was really cool, two weeks went by unnoticed. 5. Yorum: Rooms:|First of all, the rooms were cleaned every day.|Unfortunately it is an old hotel and a lot has been done, but the rooms are getting old. They look old and worn, but quite small, including a smaller bed.… 6. Yorum: Our first trip to Türkiye and we didn't regret it. You could easily stay at the resort as it has everything covered, activities for the kids, lots of pools, water slides, a private beach, several à la carte restaurants, plus… 7. Yorum: Limited to 3 stars due to the food.||As vegetarians we were limited mainly to breads, pastas, pizzas, potato dishes, salads and fruits. There were possibly more foods we could eat, but because of labeling… 8. Yorum: I will write this review in multiple languages ​​so everyone can read it. This is a real review and not a review published at the request of staff members. - the hotel is outdated, dirty and there is no order in the hotel. - The food is always the same and tasteless. If you come for Turkish cuisine, I can tell you that you are not eating authentic Turkish food. It's all fast food, tasteless and with a flavor that is super unhealthy. - We are even descendants of Turks and we know how everything should taste. The chance of you getting food poisoning is very high. - Upon arrival at the hotel we were given a dirty room with all kinds of stains. There are mold stains throughout the lobby near the ventilation areas. - We made the reservation directly through the hotel itself without an intermediary and we already indicated at the beginning that we wanted to check out. We were immediately informed that we needed to contact the agency. Well, that's them. They then indicated that we had to wait for the person in charge. - Meanwhile, our children went swimming and used the slides. When we got to the slides, there was a lady who was paying attention. Suddenly she disappeared and all the children had to go and see for themselves if they could get on the slide (because of the children who were sliding and had a safe path so they wouldn't collide). But was there an accident?" No, fortunately. No, and that's partly because my 13-year-old checked before other kids started slipping. I have a 9 and 13 year old son and I trust that there will be supervision on the slides. This was partly the case, but not when used by my children and other children! - The hotel thought we had arrived by plane and we didn't have a chance to leave and we were super relaxed. However, we came with our own car and were not affiliated with them and had options. - Entertainment is minimal, to say the least. Darts in the morning, no place in the pools, (reserved) towels everywhere and the sun loungers are empty. - The food is very limited and the hours are very strange. - After pointing this out immediately and indicating this several times, they kept us on the line continuously. So we were constantly working at the counter instead of being able to use the hotel. In the afternoon they said that they could not do anything at that time and that it was absolutely necessary to wait for the person in charge who would only arrive in the morning. - We had to stay overnight because it involved a lot of money. - In the morning we were waiting in our received room, which they cleaned at our insistence. - The cleaning ladies didn't know that we could understand and speak Turkish and started gossiping about us. The person responsible for cleaning spoke about this and I quote what she said: “Room 1810 is complaining about the cleaning, I hope they disappear. They tried to check out all day yesterday” - In the morning we spoke to the person in charge who was there and who indicated that he had actually said during the meeting that room 1810 (us) were not satisfied and that the employees were therefore informed of this. I also think this is very bad because it violates our privacy a little. - After we raised the above issue, he promised us that we could check out and get our money back on our credit card. 9. Yorum: This was our first time at a Delphin hotel and our standards are now higher 😂|A very nice place, friendly staff, my son loved the skaters in the pool.|It is very clean, spacious, there were sun loungers… 10. Yorum: Second Visit - Another Great Family Vacation||||This was our second family vacation at the diva. It's amazing for most.||||Rooms: The rooms are fantastic, especially the balconies with stunning views of the sunset… 11. Yorum: Definitely not a typical Hotel Delphine or does not meet the criteria!||As I have had good experiences with the other Delphin Hotels, I was very disappointed with the Diva. I chose the hotel based on all the good reviews. But unfortunately… 12. Yorum: We had a great vacation with our kids (7 and 5). Everything, absolutely everything, was thought of. They come to the pool with coffee carts and ice cream bikes and they come to carry their drinks on roller skates. Distributed throughout the complex, the food for… 13. Yorum: Very good hotel, the service, cleanliness and food were very good. The only thing we vacationers didn't like was that every day there was an event with music at the hotel by the pool, right in front of all the windows overlooking the sea, until 11pm and at the neighboring hotel there. sometimes it was a party until 12:30. 14. Yorum: Wonderful hotel! We leave in July 2024. The service is beyond praise! Only positive emotions. I would like to especially mention the waiter Mehmet Siraç. Kind and friendly, always with a smile. My five year old daughter fell in love with it! 15. Yorum: I will write this review in multiple languages ​​so everyone can read it. This is a genuine review and not a review published at the request of the staff.||- The hotel is old, dirty and there is no order in the hotel.|- The food is always the same and tasteless.… 16. Yorum: Greetings from Estonia! We stayed at this hotel in July with family and friends from Germany. The hotel is simply fantastic! We have been going to Türkiye every year for 20 years and this is exactly the hotel that meets all our needs.… 17. Yorum: We imagined something different when it came to renovation. You can do it. Beautiful is different (for us)... The reception was helpful and pleasant. Average good food. Good pizza. We haven't tried the à la carte yet. The orange juice looks stretched. We love fresh orange juice and the one offered at Delphin doesn't taste like pure orange. Service at the bar at night was mixed. Some tried hard. We note one negatively. We sat for a long time in a very visible place and he didn't even ask if we wanted something to drink. He didn't seem interested. It wasn't a time issue. The service at the pool bar was attentive. Well-arranged pools. People are thus distributed in an advantageous way. The advantage is the proximity to the airport. 18. Yorum: As part of a stay at the Imperial, we stayed at the Delphin Diva for 2 hours. We can't judge the rooms, but everything else is a little older and a little more worn. But it must also be said that the price is significantly cheaper than the Delphi Imperial. The location is also TOP and the service shouldn't make much difference. 19. Yorum: Amazing hotel. Very clean. Impeccable rooms. Friendly staff. Very good food. Boran and Jacob need a pay raise and promotion as they were amazing as part of the animation team. The drinks service from the staff at… 20. Yorum: We chose the Delphin Diva hotel to stay with a group of 7 families and 20 people for Eid al-Adha. We booked our accommodation in December with advance booking. When we arrived at the hotel, we realized we had made a decision… 21. Yorum: This is not the first time we have vacationed at the Delphin hotel chain, but we especially liked the Delphin Diva. In August 2024 we spent 10 days here. The area is spacious but very cozy. The beach is sandy, private, very wide and you can always find free sun loungers. The sea is clean, without stones, the entrance to the sea is smooth, easy to enter. We really enjoyed relaxing on the pier, where there is also a bar and many sun loungers, because it is not very hot on the pier, the sea breeze blows and it is convenient to immediately dive into the depths. The hotel also has a large central pool where various games and entertainment are held, there is a pool with slides for children and a separate pool in a quiet area for those who want peace and quiet. I really enjoyed the food at the hotel. Very large selection, always fresh and tasty. Every day for dinner there are 4-5 types of fish, lamb, beef, chicken. Huge selection of sweets, cakes, baklava, fruits. During the day there are several places besides the main restaurant where you can simply have a snack or even a hearty meal. Local and imported beverages and alcoholic beverages are available throughout the day in unlimited quantities. Every night there is a show in the amphitheater, live music by the pool. I would especially like to highlight the work of Guest Relations - they are very responsive and friendly, willingly helping with any questions and helping to fulfill any wishes. We did not find any deficiencies in the hotel, but if we were very demanding, we would like to improve a little the quality of cleaning of the rooms and the level of the entertainment team. But this, as I said, is very demanding. But overall we liked the hotel, if we have the opportunity we will be happy to come back here! 22. Yorum: We are very satisfied so far, the children's animation is super friendly and tries very hard. You can eat all day if you want 😄 the buffet in the main restaurant always looks great, lots of attention to detail. As anywhere else, the pool and beach loungers are always reserved quickly, but luckily we also have an early bird = sunbed reservist with us 😉. We would love to come back and have a great time. 23. Yorum: The hotel is simply superior in many areas. The staff are super friendly and always make sure you are ok. Huge selection of food, there is something for everyone. The rooms and cleanliness are very good. There is always a good atmosphere at the pool. 24. Yorum: Pros: There is always something to eat or drink, almost 24/7 in different areas of the resort, not just snacks, real food, cocktails, everything you need. The food is diverse and fresh. The skating staff are all around, making sure you have everything you need at all times. All areas of the resort are clean and well maintained. Amazing view from our window. Free amusement park for children. They agreed to a free late check out. Cons: Despite Romanians being the second most numerous guests after Germans, there is very little support for the Romanian language. Most materials, activities and greetings are not available in Romanian, which can be frustrating. Russian, however, is widely present, despite the smaller number of Russian guests. For 3 out of 7 days our room was not cleaned in a timely manner, so by 1pm when we came back from the beach to get ready for lunch we had no towels; even though we specifically requested cleaning before 12pm after the first incident. On our last day the room wasn't cleaned until 4:30pm and I had to complain again at reception. Extremely loud music plays until 11pm every night. The mattress was worn and warped, making it a little uncomfortable to sleep on. In short, based on the fact that it feels more "all inclusive" compared to other hotels in Antalya we've been to, I'll give it a 4 out of 5. 25. Yorum: We were here for the 13th time. What is remarkable is the excellent condition the hotel has maintained over the years. There were no mold stains in the bathroom, everything was very clean and not worn out. The food is always of the highest standard and the service… 26. Yorum: We have stayed in many hotels in and around Antalya, but none have impressed us as much as the Delphin Diva. From the moment we arrived we felt warmly welcomed and in good hands. The entire staff is extremely attentive and strives to make your stay as pleasant as possible. You can feel in every detail how much emphasis is placed on the well-being factor of the guests. The rooms are modern and comfortable, the entire complex is well maintained and the food selection leaves nothing to be desired. The warmth and friendliness of the staff is particularly noteworthy - they make you really feel at home here. 27. Yorum: The rooms are not spacious, but they are big enough, clean and comfortable. Unfortunately, it was a bit noisy due to the bedroom doors slamming shut in the hallways. Sometimes you can also hear the neighbors… 28. Yorum: I've been next to the Resort Hotel for about 5 days with my parents walking on the sand by the sea, passing by the Delphin Diva Premier. Next time, definitely be a guest with a charming appearance 😉 29. Yorum: A great 5 star hotel. Next year it will be completely renewed and that is good. But still you can't really complain. The food is incredibly varied, everyone will find something. Lots of salads and fruits, drinks are surprisingly low in calories like cola and iced tea and so on. Spirits are almost exclusively branded products. The animation is discreet but pleasant. Only the spa treatment salespeople can be annoying. The location in Larabeqch is fantastic, but it is not a sandy beach, but a rocky beach. Be sure to bring water shoes. But you should be careful when going on excursions, the distances here are quite long and you can spend a lot of time on the bus. There is a direct shuttle service from the hotel to Antalya, which we used and found very good. The only thing that is really bad, and I think this is a general problem in Türkiye, is plastic waste. Almost all drinks are served in disposable plastic cups with plastic straws. Food in some places in the hotel too. Outside the hotel in the snack bars and on excursions anyway. Mountains of garbage of gigantic dimensions are inevitable. We've talked about this several times, let's see if it helps. 30. Yorum: I went to this hotel for the second time with high expectations, just like the first time. The first time everything was great, I didn't complain about anything. Came here for the second time with a friend and the staff were great the first few days. For 4-5 days they laughed at us, whispered to each other. They made us wait 15 minutes for drinks even though everyone had already had theirs. They served everyone around us who came after us, but they didn't even bother to follow us. They have done this several times - I would say in the last few days, and in fact when a person pays a lot of money for a vacation, they also expect comfort and professionalism, which in this case failed. :-) at breakfast they were literally laughing, pointing at us. A very unprofessional approach, I must say. Too bad you forgot to work on it. I have never felt so bad in any hotel in Türkiye as I have the last two days in your house. I have never written a single negative review in my life, but I am very disappointed that I did in this case. I'm sorry, as much as I liked the hotel, I would never come back here again.😊 Thank you for the disgusting hotel. I will definitely continue to talk about your professionalism. Please, when a person comes on vacation, let them feel like they are on vacation and not somewhere in a bar where everyone points the finger at everyone. 31. Yorum: I really liked the hotel's infrastructure. Restaurant. The beachfront bungalows are very well designed. Relaxing pool. Everything is great!!! The food in the restaurant is very varied, suitable for both children and adults, the… 32. Yorum: A nice family hotel full of children and mainly German tourists, located approximately 24 km from Antalya airport. A 5* Turkish hotel is almost as 5* as Slovak salami made with 150g of meat per 100g of product.... For families, there is a pleasant atmosphere and many swimming pools and slides, as well as bars and restaurants of various types, and of course, entertainment and a children's playground and club. The food was of a high standard and every day there was something to try, different specialities and treats for everyone. 🍻🍰🥞☕ The service is pleasant and flexible, always ready to help and advise (German, Turkish, Russian and English), as well as the reception and managers.🙏🤗💞 The room cleaning is also Turkish, but apart from that (all inclusive), the bar is always full and the wifi is free. The only thing that bothered me was cigarette smoking everywhere (in short in Turkey). The transfer to the airport may not happen (like for us, for example), so be prepared for 40° heat with no possibility of returning to the airport hall! Water at the station in front of the airport costs €6 for half a liter!!! 😭😱 Go to the hotel taxi service if necessary € 25, but they also ask for € 45-50 😠 A pleasant option for families to spend a holiday by the sea on the sand for normal money 💰 💰 33. Yorum: We are currently staying in the Delphin Diva room 1126 (02/07 to 12/07) with 2 adults and 2 children. First the pros: - the hotel is super clean, they clean all day - the rollerblading service is top notch. - almost every day there is something to do (Candyland, pool party, ...) - there are food stalls all day long (kebab, fries, waffles, Ola ice cream, ...) So for us the disadvantages : - on the first day we arrived (8pm) the sofa bed for the youngest children had not yet been made. We had to ask this twice before it was okay. - The rooms are cleaned every day, but we only get 3 towels at a time, even though there are 4 of us. We even left a note in Turkish using Google Translate, which only worked once. - we found the dinner we had at the Miracle Resort last year to be somewhat "monotonous" and we found the dinner there to be much more extensive. - customer service walked around the pool to see if there were any complaints and asked if we could speak German. We are Flemish, so we said English, she just moved on because she couldn't. The many good reviews here are actually "bought" by giving away Totebags, caps,... It's certainly not a bad hotel, but if you're German or Russian here, we have a feeling you'll do better. 34. Yorum: What can I say. Five star luxury. We stayed at the beginning of August as a family. From the moment we arrived the attention to detail is incredible. The wonderful rollerblading waiters deliver drinks directly to you while you… 35. Yorum: This is not the first time we have come to the Dolphin Diva Hotel. As always, everything was wonderful! I would like to highlight the customer service manager, Yana! Wonderful, receptive and positive employee. She will always come to your rescue and help with any questions! Thank you very much for everything! 36. Yorum: Very good hotel. Smaller than the imperial and being a large hotel. The staff makes it welcoming and friendly. They talk to you very well. Guest Relationship super organizes everything! It's time to renew. The rooms and restaurants are a bit… 37. Yorum: I wrote a review while I was at the hotel, but by the end of my vacation my opinion had changed drastically, which I will add. We rested from 06/22 to 07/01. Arrived today | Check-in: when booking, take into account the type of your… 38. Yorum: We feel very comfortable at home. The food was very tasty and so were the cocktails. In the pool there seem to be real territorial wars over the sun loungers, although the pool seems to be 35 degrees hot, and in the sea there are always places on the beach, which was great. 39. Yorum: The professionals and staff are all very friendly and helpful. Wishes for the organization of a specific celebration (birthday) are helpfully accepted. Many thanks to Gülsüm and many thanks to Habibe. We had our honeymoon at this hotel 16 years ago. 40. Yorum: Hello, we spent our vacation as a family this year.. 2 adults, 1 child, 1 baby.. the service is amazing. Here you can see the importance of all inclusive. From the bedroom to the bathrooms, the entire facility is amazing. The conditions/staff is very very friendly and helpful! Even on the beach you can get everything, from drinks, ice cream, etc. We decided not to go to any other hotel! The hotel has its own amusement park with cotton candy popcorn, etc. The price performance is great! I could write more, but try it for yourself! 1A 41. Yorum: We were there as a family with two children (10) and (6) for 8 days at the end of May. |We like it. The food, cleanliness and service at the meal and pool were indescribably good. We felt like kings. The artists and the club… 42. Yorum: We spent our couple's vacation at the Delphin Diva at the beginning of September. The service was super friendly and attentive. The housekeeping was also great, there were clean towels every day and the minibar was restocked daily. The room was very spacious and well equipped. Everyone will find something in the buffet restaurant. What bothered me here: the labeling of the dishes was often inadequate or completely absent. Ex.: “Stuffed eggplant” doesn’t have much meaning; this is a problem, especially for vegetarians. I often had food on my plate that I didn't want, which generates unnecessary waste. Tip: A green sticker for purely vegetarian dishes would be a good start. There are enough sun loungers at the pool and by the sea, no need to make a reservation. What bothered us was that some employees were advertising massages, spas, etc. on the beach in an intrusive manner and some did not want to take "no" for an answer. The beach is mostly pebble and enters the sea quite steeply, it does not have a gentle slope, which is essential for small children. Every night there is an event at the pool, which almost always runs from 9pm to midnight. It was impossible to sleep before midnight because it was incredibly noisy. You should keep this in mind, especially if you are traveling with small children. As the sea is a little further away, we would not book a sea view again. Overall we had a great vacation! 43. Yorum: Fantastic holiday – absolutely recommended! Our stay at the hotel was simply fantastic! The food was great - varied and of the highest quality. We were particularly impressed with the exceptional service. The entire staff, from the towel service to the skate team to the kids' club staff, has always been friendly, good-natured and attentive. A special thanks goes to Melisa from the kids club, who delighted my daughter so much that she would have loved to spend the whole day there. In the children's pool, Özge and Mehmet made sure that all the children felt safe and comfortable. The team of skaters was also a real highlight - Yasin and Mustafa took orders so attentively that they never bothered us, but complemented the service perfectly. The service was excellent in every aspect, including in the restaurant, where Adem and Ramazan spoiled us a lot and even remembered our orders from last time. Yusuf always served us warmly at the Sports Irish Bar, and Sema was always helpful and friendly at reception. At the pool you were looked after by the skate team without ever being intrusive. Even if you wanted to relax in peace, the service was always discreet and attentive. The nighttime shows were also a highlight - a great program for both children and adults! The hotel's location right in front of the beach and its proximity to the airport are other positive points that made the stay particularly pleasant. You can tell that the hotel is a few years old, but the charm and friendliness of the staff easily make up for it. Overall a great hotel that we can fully recommend – especially for families! 44. Yorum: Very friendly and motivated staff throughout the hotel and in all areas. Immediate help if you have any requests/questions. 1A customer service. The entire hotel/facility is VERY clean and well maintained, a lot of attention is paid to cleanliness and hygiene everywhere. It's good that people speak good German, which is enough for communication! Good and varied food. The only drawback: unfortunately, the air conditioning in the room is too mild for outside temperatures of +35-38 degrees. Even though we adjusted it to full deflection and 10 degrees, unfortunately there was only a little bit of warm air. As a result, we sweated a lot at night, which was uncomfortable and sometimes made the bed sweaty. We mentioned this to the cleaners, they checked our settings and said it was set up correctly and nothing else was possible. Otherwise, it's all good. 👏🏼 45. Yorum: Super nice hotel. The service is just great. We have stayed in many hotels in Türkiye, but Delphin Diva was the best so far. The hotel is highly recommended for families. There is plenty of programming for children and without boredom. We will definitely be back. 46. Yorum: Our family vacation at the Delfin Diva Hotel in Lara from August 22nd. until 08/31. It was an unforgettable experience! We were warmly greeted upon arrival and immediately made to feel welcome. The complex is beautifully designed, clean and offers a variety of leisure activities for young and old. Our room was spacious, modernly furnished and always clean. The beds were comfortable and gave us a peaceful night's sleep. The hotel staff were always friendly, helpful and attentive. It didn't matter if it was at the reception, the restaurant or the pool – we were well looked after everywhere. The food selection was impressive! There was everything from local specialties to international dishes. The buffet was varied and the quality of the food was excellent. There was no boredom here. The pool area was huge and invited you to relax while the kids had fun on the slides. The hotel's private beach was clean and well maintained. There were plenty of sports on offer and the evening shows were entertaining and professional. Hotel Delfin Diva is a perfect holiday destination for families. We were thrilled with the combination of excellent service, good food, countless leisure activities and a fantastic seaside location. We will definitely be back! 47. Yorum: I'm currently there... and the hotel's architecture is very well thought out! Everything is very clean and tidy to spend good times with the family... a very wide choice of dishes that is always revisited Access to the beach is about a hundred meters away and very well maintained! Finally, only positive things, I highly recommend it. 48. Yorum: We spent a week at this hotel. All I can say is: we are absolutely thrilled. Be it the food, the beach, the pools, the room or the service. There is nothing that could have been done better. The food: Be it breakfast, lunch, break or dinner. Anyone who leaves here hungry can no longer be helped. The selection is huge, the taste is excellent (at least for us). It is always replenished quickly and every day there is a different motto. However, it would be nice if the dessert also indicated what you eat. It's always a gamble. It would also be nice if the pieces were smaller. So you couldn't try everything you wanted. Beach: There are always enough sun loungers. Immediately near our sun loungers there was a cart from 10am where water, iced tea, soft drinks and various beers were available throughout the day. Here too things are always replenished so it never runs dry. An employee passes by with an “ice cream truck” twice a day. Swimming pools: There are different swimming pools. A large main pool, a pool with several water slides or an adults-only “relaxation pool”. In each pool you will be accompanied by a team of inline skaters. Room: Our room was quite spacious. We also had a huge terrace with additional chairs, table and sun loungers. It was clean and the minibar was restocked every 2 days. We only had issues with the queen size bed because we like to spread out. Service: The staff were always friendly, helpful, motivated, courteous and in a good mood. You always got the impression that they were genuinely interested in their work. We have already experienced this differently. The artists were present, but pleasantly discreet. It was our first holiday in Türkiye and we had a great time. We will definitely be back. 49. Yorum: Our vacation at Delphin Diva was wonderful! Their food was truly magnificent; there was something to suit every palate. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, they helped us with everything. The cleanliness of the hotel was perfect, everywhere was spotlessly clean. We were extremely pleased with our holiday. Our only problem was that as the weather was very hot, the sea and pool water were also very hot. We found this a bit challenging. However, other than that, I can wholeheartedly recommend the hotel to everyone! 50. Yorum: We stayed at your hotel Delphin Diva in room 1127 between July 20th and 24th for 4 nights. Thank you very much for providing us with an unforgettable vacation. First of all, I would like to thank Mrs. Yeşim, who sincerely helped us during the reservation and talked about the hotel for minutes, to the waiters at the pool bar, main restaurant and lobby who came to us with a smile as soon as we sat down at the table, to the skating service staff and lifeguard friends who were always smiling and courteous despite working in the heat in the relaxation pool. Now we feel like we have a home in Antalya. Thank you very much again, good job. 51. Yorum: It is the best hotel in Antalya, the quality of service and hygiene are very good, the only thing they do not do to please hotel guests is to roll around, the rooms are a bit small, anyway the rooms are used from bedtime to bedtime, it is not a detail to worry about. 52. Yorum: We are currently on family vacation. The hotel is beautiful, I like everything. The sea is close by, there are always sun loungers, the food is great, always seafood, fish, meat, fruit. Service at the highest level. The room is clean. Many… 53. Yorum: I went to Diva Delfin for the second time May 2024 and September 2024. And it certainly wasn't the last time. Friendly staff, you will be completely pampered. Very good food, top entertainment. And greetings yakup from here. Great guy. 54. Yorum: Definitely not a typical Hotel Delphine or does not meet the criteria! As I had good experiences with the other Delphin Hotels, I was very disappointed with the Diva. I chose the hotel based on all the good reviews. But unfortunately I cannot confirm the comments and what I experienced on site. This raises the question of whether the reviews were purchased via vouchers or something similar!! A -> Price performance underwhelming catastrophe B-> Extremely small room + in need of renovation. Few offers for children. Due to my dissatisfaction, we were offered a family room at reception for 13 nights, for which they charged around €750 extra. How embarrassing! I definitely do not recommend this hotel, especially for families with children. Also, I would like to mention one more thing. The only thing that surprised me positively was the performance and management of the guest relationship/support: They took the time to ensure our satisfaction. Above all, I would like to thank the boss again, Mr. Abdullah. He tried everything. To fulfill our desires. So that we have a good vacation. Alternatively, he offered us a free upgrade to another Hotel Delfin. We accepted and moved to the Delfin Be Grand, which definitely meets the chain's criteria and is really top notch. 55. Yorum: The hotel is clean. The food is delicious. The staff is friendly and helpful in every way. All the hotel staff are friendly. The reason for this is that General Manager Bektaş is a kind-hearted General Manager. your interest and concern. 56. Yorum: Among the hotels we have visited so far, it was one of the best in food and service. The attentiveness and respect of the staff raised our holiday comfort to a very high level. Furthermore, the professionalism of any organization… 57. Yorum: Simply a dream I have stayed in some of the best five star hotels but this was beyond Very friendly staff, delicious food, enough sun loungers and much more 58. Yorum: All the reviews bought, really unhappy for that money, monotonous food, room too small for a family of 4, when I asked about it, they said I had booked this room! Hello, I booked a room that can accommodate 4 people, my little one couldn't even stretch out because the bed (sofa) was too small! There are many better hotels for less money and with better services! Plastic sunbeds and much more I could complain about but I don't want to waste my energy and time in this hotel chain, anyway you will never see me again! 59. Yorum: We were there with my sisters. The hotel rooms were small but clean. The staff were very friendly and the food was always delicious. We were very pleased. 60. Yorum: We came to this hotel for the second time for a family vacation, everything was very good, we chose it again because we were very satisfied. Especially for families with children, we were able to have a child-free holiday whilst our children had fun in the wonderful kids club. I would like to thank the staff at the children's club and also Mrs. Berfin for the interest, thanks to you, we. I had a nice vacation without kids. 61. Yorum: We have stayed in many hotels in Lara and Diva is by far the best so far! Check in very warm greeting and the lady always smiles at all times 💖, excellent service no matter where. Luxurious environment, great gardens with large trees, everything very well maintained and clean, room large enough for 3 people and cleaned daily. In conclusion, the first hotel we would like to book again! 62. Yorum: A really beautiful hotel! This is my second stay at one of the Delphin hotels, and this time I stayed at the Delphin Diva. Everything was perfect. The cleanliness of the rooms was impeccable and the service was first class. I particularly highlight Ismet from the fish restaurant and Ahmet from the Mexican restaurant À la cart. Your friendly manner made my stay even more enjoyable. The entertainment program was also very good, we were particularly impressed with the showing of “Fasil” and the “Michael Jackson Show”. The food selection was extremely diverse. A small suggestion for improvement: Maybe the evening activities could last a little longer and not end at 11pm. All in all a great experience and I would love to go back! 63. Yorum: Overall I really liked everything. Perhaps, of course, we ourselves are not very demanding. But still, absolutely satisfied! Wonderful green area, wonderful animation. You don't even need to specify the food - any time and for every taste! Highly recommended! 64. Yorum: Everything is of incredible quality, the food is incredible, the hygiene is very good, the cleanliness is excellent, there are many activities for children, the staff is very friendly... etc. If you want to pamper yourself, I suggest you plan a vacation at this hotel ⭐️ You will have a dream vacation ⭐️ 65. Yorum: I was there with the family for 2 weeks at the end of July 2024 (2 adults and 2 children) Unfortunately, a tourist drowning at sea on the first day leaves a lot to be desired because there are no qualified personnel! First aid service not available!! Hotel is not a 5 star standard! Gym doesn't deserve 3 stars.. For the price you expect more, which is actually common in 5 star hotels in Antalya. 66. Yorum: The hotel is a miracle, we are in a fairy tale, I already want to come back here!!!! They are kind, especially with children!!! Good girls!!!. However, there is the fear of not fitting into our clothes!!! We want to come back here again with close friends and family! Everything is great, we are in a fairy tale!!! 67. Yorum: This was our third visit to Antalya and it was decent. The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly, the service is fast and the food and amenities are on point. That said, the Delphin Diva is less of a Diva compared to its bigger brother, the Delphin Imperial. However, it was still delivered. My only qualm here is that the hotel and the vast majority of its staff are all geared up for German tourists. The shows, the DJs and even the water sports at the main pool were all in German. The main pool is good, not the biggest in Lara, the water slides here are mainly for under 8s. They put us in a horrible location on our first night, right next to the elevators on the ground floor, which meant hearing the noise of people until 3am. The next morning I had to pay to be upgraded to a better room. If you take all that away, the hotel is halfway decent, but it wouldn't be my first choice if we were to return to Antalya again. Hope this helps. PS: We have stayed at the Delphin Imperial and the Titanic before. I would go back to the latter. 68. Yorum: It was our first time at this hotel and we were very satisfied. The food is great, very clean. What made our vacation special was the care and commitment of the staff, from the cleaners to the receptionists, everyone always working hard and being extremely helpful. The pool skate team was always present and you never had to wait long for your drinks. No matter where you sat, someone came to take your order within seconds. A special thanks to the girls at the mini club. You have brought so much joy to our children. Simply warm, great interaction with children and parents. They know how to do this job properly, thank you very much! The rooms were a little small, the balcony doesn't have much space, but we didn't think it was that bad since we were barely in the room. What bothered us a little more was loud music until 1am from all corners, especially from the neighboring hotel. It was very loud. But that's good, it didn't disturb the children while they were sleeping and it's often like that on vacation. The music during the children's entertainment could have been quieter, our children needed ear plugs. Perhaps you should pay attention to the fact that children find this volume somewhat irritating... We would have liked a little more audience interaction in the evening entertainment rather than just dance shows, which were good in their own right. But some variety would be better. Overall the holiday was great and we can recommend this hotel and would love to come back. 69. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay at Hotel Delphin Diva and would like to express our sincere thanks to Bektas Bey, Gülsüm Hanim and Birol Bey who made this process seamless for us. 70. Yorum: It's the most beautiful hotel among the dozens I've been to so far. I can't remember any other place where the staff are so respectful. A very good choice. They are also very good in terms of cleanliness and hygiene. Food and service are very good. I would definitely go back and recommend it. Thank you Diva. 71. Yorum: I spent a few days with my family and my 8-month-old daughter at Delphin Diva. The team is exemplary. The hotel needs renovation. The hotel is not suitable for families with small children, there are activities until late at night with very loud volume. Maybe we should think about stopping this type of activity with DJs or renovating the hotel and putting in windows that isolate something!!! Making noise in the room like you're at a concert is crap. I do not recommend this hotel if you have small children!!! 72. Yorum: A very nice hotel Very good service | Very varied food and drink | Clean and polite staff like at the beach bar. Waiter. EYYÜP A.|We have been going to this hotel for years. And always very good. |The location is also very good, close to airport 73. Comment: That sweet hotel in Antalya! We have been to this hotel 6 or 7 times now, except for small things (which were fixed immediately), this hotel is perfect! |Here you can see that there is perfect cooperation between management and staff!… 74. Yorum: We are staying in April 2024 for the semester break. When I asked the first employee I saw when I entered reception where we could get a snack, the answer was “You don’t need to look for a place to eat, food and drink will find you”. As he said, there is food and drink available on almost every corner. The staff is attentive and friendly, just the right amount. All employees are like ants. The room we stayed in was sufficient for 2 adults and 2 children (17 and 13 years old) as a family room. It was spacious and clean enough. Fortunately the weather was very pleasant for the season. We think we will choose the same hotel again during the April 2025 half term holidays, regardless of the weather. If we need to talk about open buffets. I don't think I would be exaggerating if I said that each meal made me forget the taste of the previous meal and that each meal was tastier. Of course, we thank all the employees we came into contact with when leaving the hotel, but we also thank the efforts of each employee we never saw behind the scenes. A brief note to the hotel management: The activity they carried out on the 1st day of vacation (confectionery world: it was very beautiful, colorful and lively) In short, we left very satisfied. 10/10 is not an exaggeration. 75. Yorum: Amazing hotel. The sea is clean, the service is excellent, the food is varied, the staff is excellent, the area is compact, everything is conveniently located. So far this is the best vacation I can remember. 76. Yorum: I went to Delphin Diva 10 days ago, they have an extraordinary level of service, they try to give lower and top level managers more of what they want to their employees, I went with my wife and our little son, we were very satisfied, especially the Bektaş hotel manager, I will never forget his intense attention and helpfulness. He was sick on the last day and I will never forget what Mr. Bektas did. I would like to thank Mr. helping me, I would also like to thank Mrs. Zeynep, who cleaned our room. Thank you all for your efforts. 77. Yorum: We celebrated my husband's birthday at the Delphin Diva hotel. For our celebratory dinner we chose the Chinese à la carte restaurant. The table was beautifully set, the food and service were amazing. The hotel also decorated our… 78. Yorum: My visit is 08/27, we will leave the hotel soon, we were very satisfied, above all, we were impressed by their friendliness and attention. It's a family hotel with respect 🦋🦋. 79. Yorum: Good room service, helpful and pleasant staff. The sea and the climate are great. Delicious lunches, dinners and breakfasts. The area is within the standard. The holiday was a success. We recommend your hotel to everyone going to sunny Türkiye!!! 80. Yorum: This was our second time at this hotel and it just got better. The food is great, the service is very important. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. The evening program with regular live music is also ok. It's a paradise for children. Every day a hotel manager asks if there can be improvements and if you are satisfied. Rarely experience this service. I can only recommend this hotel 81. Yorum: First of all, some positive things: the service, location and food are good. We enjoyed sitting in the lobby and listening to the pianist, watching football or just having a coffee. but the bathrooms are getting old and need renovation. During the time we spent here, the room and especially the floor were not even very clean! At night (after 10pm) it is EXTREMELY noisy here because of the noisy system and the show and you can't eat in peace because there are simply too many people! For families with older children this may not be so bad and the evening shows will probably be entertaining. It's too high for small children. The staff is what makes this hotel so successful! Waiters, bartenders and lobby staff are A1. Thank you very much for the excellent service! 82. Yorum: Everything was great, we were happy with your attention to detail and little details. The sea is clean, the beach is beautiful, the food is great, the staff are very polite, it is a quality and comfortable hotel. We will be back again. 83. Yorum: Nice but needs updating (furniture, carpets), very clean - room, bars, hallways, beach, bathrooms - staff always helpful and smiling. | We really appreciate your concern for the environment - turtle caretta… 84. Yorum: This year we visited the Delphin Diva Hotel, last year we were at the Delphin Palace Hotel. Compared to Delphin Palace, it has much worse room service. The bed linen was not changed during the entire stay, the towels were not changed, the floor was not washed. Also, the coffee and tea in the room throughout our stay was not replenished except at our request. The hotel is quite nice, the waiter services are great on the pier and also in the hotel, but the room service is not rated as the best. , as I compare it with the Delphin Palace hotel, where it was perfect. We also paid for a room with a sea view and got a room on the 2nd floor on the side where the view of the sea through the trees was not good. 85. Yorum: Although this is a super hotel, the music is very loud at night from 9pm to 11pm. It's so loud that it feels like you're sitting in the front row of a concert hall. Unfortunately, the hotel does nothing about this, even after pointing this out several times. Normally you go out at night, but you don't do that with small children and it's very disturbing. 86. Comment: Service: superior. It doesn't matter if it's a restaurant, lobby or pool. Everywhere the staff are brilliant, attentive and do their job very well. Room: very small. The standard room for 4 people is very small. Almost no storage space, almost no hooks for towels (one hook in the bathroom). The cleaning is well done. The refrigerator is restocked regularly. Pool area: very good. Very spacious, largely in good condition. There are enough areas even after 10am. Food: very European. You won't find any garlic, onions or spices. The food tastes the same boring every day. The base is: tomato with meat, tomato with vegetables, tomato with lamb, tomato with beef. Almost everything is garnished or mixed with tomato. The chocolate sauce is the worst I've ever tasted. Not even at Nuspli level. The quality of the food is still good. The vegetables are not overcooked. It just doesn't taste good. Although there are all kinds of seasonings to choose from, I can also cook it myself if I need to season everything. Beach: rocks. You will search in vain for sand, lots of plastic rubbish and even 15-litre gas cylinders floating in the sea. All in all, the service is very good. Bad food! I wouldn't visit him again. The hotel was chosen due to the short travel time to the airport. The drink selection is good, but there's no getting around the extremely boring food. 87. Yorum: We came to this hotel for the first time and were very satisfied. The service is very fast, the staff is attentive, there are no queues anywhere. You can always find free spaces both at the pool and on the beach. We will recommend it to our friends and acquaintances. 88. Yorum: I rested at the Delphin Imperial Lara. Last day I was poisoned by something and was sick for 6 days. But it's okay, I recovered. The worst thing is that they didn't return 2 expensive dresses that were forgotten in the hotel room. I have been calling and writing to the hotel for two months. They ignore me, they don't answer my email, at reception they refuse to check the information, they say write to me by email and hang up. I was at Delphin Imperial Lara. On the last day of rest I ate some bad food, then I was sick for 6 days. But the worst part is that the hotel didn't give me back two expensive dresses that I had left in the hotel room. I wrote to an email and called the hotel 2 months ago and asked to return my dresses. Hotel staff ignores me 89. Yorum: Super great resort. Very friendly staff and very fast service. Lots of activities, pools, food, drinks and fun. Highly recommended for young people, families and seniors. The artists are also great, especially Alex and Boran! 90. Yorum: We stayed at the Delphin Diva with the family and had another great vacation. The children, in particular, had a great time. The hotel reception was extremely friendly and immediately gave us refreshments. We were welcomed quickly and immediately received all relevant information. As there were 4 of us, we were informed by reception that the small sofa would be removed immediately. We didn't wait 5 minutes. If you had thought of this before, it would have been better. But Zeynep hanım was very nice and is super fast. She cleaned our room very well every day and left surprises for the children in the form of towel swans and crocodiles. Once again, a huge thank you. In general, everyone is very friendly and always has a smile on their face. Food, ice cream and drinks are available throughout the complex. At the children's pool, the waiter on roller skates is super attentive. Unfortunately I forgot his name, but he is super fast. He always asked if we had another wish. Thank you, thanks to such fantastic people, we had a very nice holiday. The facility is very well maintained. The children had a great time at Luna Park and as parents we felt safe. Also here, thanks to the person in charge, Ramazan Genç. He welcomed the children very kindly and always helped them fasten their belts. The childcare was great, the girls are very friendly and sensitive. They are loud and party a lot with the children. The children's disco in the evening is one of the many highlights for children. The evening shows were mainly dance shows. Okay. The music by the pool at night wasn't my thing. Unfortunately there is no Turkish music, I would like to hear more of that. The food is excellent. Anyone who can't find what they're looking for has extremely high standards. The selection for breakfast, lunch and dinner is extremely good and very varied. We particularly enjoyed the Turkish nights. Here too, thank you to everyone who works in the kitchen and expenses. The waiters at the restaurant are also very attentive and you receive your drinks very quickly. Radio messages disturbed us a little here. These were a little too tall. Unfortunately we had a room that overlooked the Delphin Imperial. The entertainment at night is sick. It was very noisy and sometimes it lasted until 11:30 pm. That was already disturbing. However, we will definitely be back. Anyone who books here will have a great vacation. 91. Yorum: Very nice hotel, very well maintained and clean. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Eat, drink and snack all day long. Very tasty and rich. thanks for the good vacation 92. Yorum: Great hotel, but the music volume at night is very loud. It's as if the artist is in your room. The result is a child who sleeps poorly. Comment already shared with the administration, but nothing is done about it. No answer, nothing. Just like you are at a festival. A great shame, because the team is great. Exception The SPA: Ask about Ali Tekdemir's treatment. I have been suffering from all kinds of muscle and weight problems for 14 years and he is the first one who has given me relief through manual therapy and given me the perspective that my complaints can be remedied (compared to many physiotherapists in the Netherlands). 93. Yorum: A fantastic hotel where everything is designed to make your holiday dreams come true. Very well organized children's area: children's pools, small slides, playground, amusement park, children's dishes in the restaurant. Everyone is friendly and smiling. A large number of places to play and relax, all clean and well maintained. Great food! Plus a quick airport transfer. The hotel is perfect, like all Delphines. One suggestion: there is a LOT of noise in the rooms until 11:30pm (music from the pools), it's best to bring earplugs if you want to sleep. 94. Yorum: Very good service, I've never seen this kind of service before. Very clean, I love it when all the glass is clean. A variety of food. The staff constantly asks if everything is okay. Very clean. The hotel is fully operational!!! 95. Yorum: The staff is very friendly and helpful. The location is very good. The cleaning is very good. The food is of high quality. The varieties and alternatives of drinks are very good. I have seen few hotels with such polite, friendly and respectful staff. 96. Yorum: Very nice, clean and well maintained facilities. Great buffet selection, you don't need one of the 8 (!) a la carte restaurants. Good drinks menu. Many different pools (with recreation, adult pool, children's pool, pool with 4 slides and of course the sea with a pier right in front of the door. We would love to come back. 97. Yorum: Beautiful family holiday hotel with always friendly staff and good entertainment for young and old We have been going to this hotel for a few years because it provides us with a family holiday. 98. Yorum: Greetings, I'm here now, writing in the middle of the show, I enjoyed the gala night, but it doesn't go away because the Palme is there, you can't see anything, sometimes on stage, sometimes in front of the stage. If anyone can hear me, get Palme off the stage. But there is room for service and staff 10 out of 10 99. Yorum: We were at Delphin Diva for the 11th time and it was great again. For us, this hotel is by far the best we know and we have visited many hotels. The service there is first class, the food is very varied, there is something to eat on almost every corner all day long and the drinks are also of high quality. There is a large team of skaters at the various pools, every few minutes they ask if you want something to drink and they almost get sad if you say no. I would like to highlight Jastin from the bar at Relexpool, he spoiled us all day, but our breakfast waiter Mehmet was also great. Maybe I would have liked a boiled egg for breakfast, the 10 minute eggs were hard as concrete. But that was the only thing I was missing, other than that everything was fine. The hotel also has a spa area. If well informed, you have a different operator. The staff are busy chasing customers all day, which is a bit boring. My husband was not feeling well on vacation and, among other things, had lower back pain on the day of his arrival. The hotel doctor gave him, among other things, 2 injections and medicine, which unfortunately didn't help. So we decided to go to the spa for massages. We expressed our concern from the beginning that we were afraid that afterwards it would be even worse than before, but we were sure that it would definitely not be worse than before the massages. Unfortunately we paid €375.55 in advance for 3 massages, a manicure and a pedicure. Mind you, this was a special offer. The first massage was bearable for my husband; the masseur knew where it hurt and had the necessary sensitivity. The second massage was performed by a woman of Asian descent. She didn't know anything about my husband's complaints and sometimes jumped on him. He was exhausted afterwards and definitely didn't want to get a massage a third time. In fact, the lady who did the manicure cut her finger, which then bled a lot, there was no plaster or apology. Unfortunately there was no way to get the money back for the third massage; 50 euros would have been enough for us as a sign of goodwill. It was very sad for us. It has nothing to do with hospitality, it's just a scam. One thing is for sure: on our next visit to Delphin Diva we will give the spa ample space. 100. Yorum: We were guests at Hotel Diva from May 30, 2024 to June 8, 2024. I must admit that we go to Türkiye once a year. Every year in a different hotel in different regions. But we have never experienced anything as good as the Delphin Diva. The service, 6 stars, the staff, 6 stars, the selection of food and drinks, 6 stars, the cleanliness unbelievable. It was a dream vacation. Several pieces of furniture in the rooms suffered a bit. But that's by the way. The warmth of the employees continued again. The only thing that didn't work was the provision of German TV channels. The antenna system appears to be worn out. Continuous image failures every minute. Despite all this, we will plan our next vacation at Diva. Thank you for everything. Haase Family 101. Yorum: The rooms are getting old. The food is very good. The staff works 24 hours a day and is extremely polite. 102. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel for the first time, I can only say that everything is 100%. Service, cleanliness, staff. The animation guys are simply excellent, Hamit, Ege and Yakup, my son had a great time with you, thank you 103. Yorum: As always at Delphin Hotels, a complete and successful holiday. Rooms, food and service were simply good. The one thing you definitely need to consider is the prices of water sports. 104. Yorum: This was our fourth time at Delphin (third time at Diva) As always it was a very pleasant holiday. The rooms are great, the food is great and there is enough choice that there is something for everyone. The entire staff is super friendly, attentive and helpful. I/we can only recommend everyone to spend their holidays at Delphin Diva. You will never forget it and you will never want to go anywhere else. 105. Yorum: Food and drink: unmatchedly good... everything is tasty, fresh, varied. Childcare: was very popular Waiter: great Entertainment and evening programming: great shows, great activities But the best place in the hotel is the Iskele Bar. The waiters are super friendly and really great young people. Mainly the bar manager, Mr. Bedirhan Bilen is a great leader, the way he treats his staff and the way he treats guests is truly exemplary. Some waiters in Spain and Italy can be proud of this. For example, if you don't know what you want, it asks you a few quick questions about the drinks you've had so far and then prepares something super tasty for you to drink... A big thank you for the Baileys ice cream cutter. The ice cream shop is the best I've ever eaten. This is not comparable to the plörre of Greece or Italy. The Swiss ice cream parlor Migros also managed only second place. The winner is the Iskele Bar ice cream shop. Note/note to hotel management. Guests with children should also be aware that other guests will be bothered by the mess if the child spills water on the table and hits the table with the palm of their hand and these parents are still singing to the child. They were Romanians, not Russians. This would not be possible in Italy. A waiter would have come immediately and stopped the disturbance. 106. Yorum: First class hotel, you really feel like a diva | We will definitely come back next year, since a delphin always a delphin diva I didn't think it was too big | provide evening entertainment 👍👏👏 👏… 107. Yorum: Great service, top notch staff, very attentive The Deluxe family room was perfect downstairs and upstairs was perfect for our family of 5. Lots of pools Water slides for younger kids and older kids/adults Beautiful beach. I recommend this hotel Keep up the great work, King's Family 108 staff. Yorum: The best hotel I know, I've been here many times and I'm always moved, great hotel, large rooms and fridge always full, including mega buffets, super clean beach and pools, very friendly and helpful staff! I always enjoy coming here!!!! 109. Yorum: One small negative comment in contrast to our overall satisfaction: Gozleme served in the garden was not as good as in other Delphine hotels. Sometimes, a not so good quality of the hotel was seen outside of the… 110 preparation services. Yorum: We will be back! Very good hotel, not very big, super friendly and attentive staff. The hotel's clothing store is cheaper than in town. The owner is great! 111. Yorum: How sad of you, if I told you that I would arrive in the morning, you gave me your room at 2 pm, since the hotel was not full, to tell me that there is no room! 112. Yorum: I haven't been to the hotel for a long time, but I'll be happy to book it this year. We have booked Delphin several times and for us it is always number 1 in Türkiye. There is no shortage, you feel good, the food is always fresh and prepared with love. All the staff are friendly and welcoming. If you want to book a nice vacation with feel-good options, good food, nice atmosphere and nice people, book this hotel. See you in the summer of 2024 and best wishes for much happiness. 113. Yorum: Bizarre noise pollution. Just like you're at a hardcore festival, only then are you lying in bed with a crying child who wakes up from the entertainment. Reported multiple times, unresolved. Very bad. Do not book with children. 114. Yorum: We have now been to Delphin Diva for the 4th time. We are always impressed with the perfect service, the friendliness of all the staff and the extreme cleanliness. Here the guest really is still king!! An El Dorado for children. You will be entertained the entire time. Several swimming pools (2 heated + 1 indoor pool) invite you to swim. Do yoga in the morning or work out at the gym. Sufficient beach towels and sun loungers included. Cinema at night, or in the afternoon for children, evening events every day. Free shuttle to the old town. Lots of shopping opportunities in front of the hotel. The room was very spacious with a wonderful view of the lake. Very clean, however needs to be renovated. The food is very varied, always prepared fresh. Anyone who has something to complain about here cannot be understood! The desserts and cakes are a sin!!! There are also 4 themed restaurants. I would like to highlight the very loud music at night and the sound system at the pool. A big thank you to all the contributors! We already know some of them from our first trip. 115. Yorum: Just a short drive (15 minutes) from the airport. Quiet place, a little away from the main road. Direct access to the sea with a fine sand beach that is cleaned every morning. We were immediately impressed by the entire ambiance, from the lobby to the hotel complex with several restaurants/cafes, the well-kept garden area and the large pier. Indoor pool, large outdoor pool, plus a pool with water slides and two additional heated pools. One of them is intended for children. We immediately noticed the exemplary cleanliness in all internal/external areas and in the sanitary facilities. Double room with sea view, in need of some renovations, with shower and minibar always well stocked. Daily thorough cleaning. The service in all areas is of a high standard. Each employee always tried to meet the guests' wishes quickly and perfectly. The quality, preparation, freshness and presentation of the food was always top notch. In all restaurants we were served immediately by attentive staff, always polite and courteous, without having to wait long. Perfect high level service. We would like to especially thank Mr. Vidat Ayten on behalf of all his fellow workers. Outside the main building there were also opportunities to try snacks, pizzas, burgers, kebabs and ice cream. Service staff on roller skates and an ice cream truck constantly circulated the pool areas and served guests on the lounge chairs whatever they wanted. Various sports options. Every night there are events on the variety show with programs changing daily. What should be emphasized is the loving care of children in a separate area of ​​the club, with great play/sports facilities, children's carousel, pirate swing. The very loud music at the night pool parties (until 11pm) was a bit annoying. There are many shopping centers in the vicinity of the hotel. The free daily bus service to Antalya was another great hotel service. Perfect vacation for us. A recommended hotel. 116. Yorum: Was the hotel very clean? The food was also excellent. But there's something wrong The tiles around the pool slide brutally 117. Yorum: We had a lot of fun for a week doing nothing but the pool, beach, eating, resting, repeating with the family. If that's what you're looking for I can recommend it 100%. 118. Yorum: Very friendly staff! Really good service and nice location, for young and old. The food is good, great pools and beach. Also a good club nearby for younger people (pachaclub) 119. Yorum: Those who are not satisfied have extremely high standards. The food is very good, Turkish nights are the best. The animation is monotonous, often dance shows. Mini disco and kids club are very good. Lunapark with the person in charge, Mr. Ramazan Genç, it's great. Ramazan is very attentive and very polite. Zeynep Karakuş was also great and cleaned our rooms extremely well. The waiter on roller skates at the bottom of the relaxation pool serves alone and is super fast and friendly, it was his first OK month at the hotel and he comes from Izmir. (I think his name was Batuhan). The radio messages from the officials are very loud and you remember the police. Unfortunately, the Imperial plays very loud music until 11:30 pm. Our room faced the Imperial. This has to be solved differently. The live music bands at the pool are only aimed at the older German audience. There is no Turkish music night. Very bad. It would be great if Turkish classical music / fasıl was performed at the pier once a week. Very tasty ice cream flavors and also very tasty cookies everywhere, even macarons! The staff is very friendly. Please treat staff well. This goes to the hotel management. The children's entertainment team is missing a German or Turkish supervisor. The mobile ice cream man with a motorcycle is extremely helpful and great. The TV image sometimes disappears for a few seconds in windy conditions. This should be fixed. Also buy original Aperol as well as a range of high quality tequila. We would love to come back. I will never accept a room at the Imperial Hotel again. Overly loud techno music is coming. There must be a perverted animation team. 120. Yorum: A very nice hotel with lots of great options for kids. The staff is very friendly. The facilities are well maintained and the food has been great so far. Today is day 2. We are just unhappy with the room 😞 so it's not a full score. It's too small for two kids and you can't push the beds together properly. Will report more. 121. Yorum: Perfect hotel, we are a women's club, between 60 and 75 years old. We were very spoiled. It was our third there. To stay. We'll be back next year. 122. Yorum: The hotel offers all services, without exception, of the highest quality. But: you can expect very loud music all day long, lasting until late at night. The hotel room has sound even when the windows are closed. 123. Yorum: The hotel is good. We were not satisfied with our assigned room. We booked a sea view and got a room where you had to hang on the balcony railing to see the sea. The rooms also look nothing like the tour operators' brochures. After complaining they said they were just photos! That says it all. We spent more money on site and upgraded, although the trip itself was quite expensive. The food and drinks are good and there is nothing to complain about. However, we will not be visiting the hotel again. 124. Yorum: This hotel is something very special. As a tourist, you are treated very well. When he's there, you feel comfortable. 125. Yorum: It was a very nice hotel. We were very pleased with that. Everything is number 10. 126. Yorum: A great hotel with a service that deserves more than 5 stars. Wonderful. 127. Yorum: The Delphin Diva also deserves almost 6 stars, as does the Imperial in March. The service is simply perfect. You feel very welcome. You arrive and feel at home. Thank you 128. Yorum: Simply fantastic. Excellent team. Always friendly and welcoming. Great night program every day. 129. Yorum: The best hotel! Suitable for children! Many programs. Luxurious accommodation and food! Come here Hungarians, you won't regret it. We will be back. 130. Yorum: A very satisfied stay Thank you for everything Your service and staff are above super 131. Yorum: The Delphin Diva is an ideal facility for relaxation. Wide range of spa, sports, culinary and entertainment options. Prepared by an extremely friendly team, everyone will find their own personal arrangement. From children to the elderly, you will feel in good hands. The themed restaurants and the wide range of buffets complement it excellently. We also enjoyed the days thanks to the friendly staff and the professional management of the house. 132. Yorum: It's one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at. The food, the cleanliness, everything is top quality, five stars. The staff are very, very friendly. Every night, red meat, lots of fish, everything, lots. desserts, super.… 133. Yorum: Great location with warm-hearted people you always want to meet next time! Mr.'s empathy, warm heart and professional demeanor. Shavkat do Guest Services! Great food - excellent Rock Bass fish prepared by Mr. Abdulraman the MasterChef fish with a big heart! Super donner (lamb, beef and chicken) prepared by Mr Suayip at Doner Corner! Excellent service and service at Mr. Ercan, Muslim, Ramadan and colleagues! Fast service and excellent service from the Skate team in the heated pools! Quality corner food and an excellent idea with watermelon and sheep's cheese in the pool! Great shows in the evening and in daytime activities and thank you Boran (our Robin Hood in the shooting activity), thank you to the entertainment team - Yusuf (Crocodile / Crocodaci /Timsah), Jakub, Stepan and Mr. suit and white sneakers! Thank you to the warm people at Luna Park - Mr. Saban and Mr. Nursun Dusret in car crashes; Mr. Ramazan jumping kangaroos; Mr. Suleiman was a pirate, Mrs. Kubra Fatma no flying! Thank you to the management team for their continued focus on improving services! 134. Yorum: It was our best vacation so far!!! Everything was perfect!!! A huge thank you to the whole team!!! 🤗 We will be back and we are really looking forward to it! Lots of complaints about reserved sun loungers. All I can say is: the reserved sun loungers are taken away before 9:30 am (which I think is good) and you always have a place. No one leaves empty handed. It doesn't matter where I lie, as long as I have one. About the rooms I would like to add the following: We were 2 adults and a child in a standard room, with a large bed, a small bed and even a sofa. The room was just the right size. If it's too small for someone, then you need to book a family room and not complain about the size later. We enjoyed everything so much that we are still fascinated by this wonderful vacation. But what I personally liked most was the entire team. Everyone was extremely attentive, helpful and always had a smile on their face. Top service!!! A big thank you again 🤗 135. Yorum: One thing in advance: we travel regularly to Turkey/Lara and so we know many of the hotels here that are directly located on the beach, so we can easily compare the houses with each other. The impressive reviews for the Delphin Diva convinced us to spend our vacation here this year. It will definitely be the last visit here. The hotel closes on November 1st each year (we did not know this and were NOT informed in advance or directly at the hotel). However, services had already been gradually significantly reduced or completely discontinued in the previous days. An absolute no-no for such an expensive hotel. On our last day at the hotel, the pool restaurant, beach bar and many other areas were completely closed. Even the fridges and towel dispenser were closed and you still pay full price for that day - an absolute joke. The politeness at reception also left a lot to be desired; our doubts and criticisms were met with a shrug of the shoulders without offering solutions. We certainly won't be coming back here. 136. Yorum: I have been to this hotel several times. The size is perfect for us. The complex is more than large and offers enough space for all guests. This means you don’t have to reserve a sun lounger on the beach or worry about there being no spaces. Due to the number of people we have, we are forced to always book a duplex room. These are always well equipped. This hotel is especially recommended for families. Every time we managed to recover very well. The hotel has two disadvantages: 1. There are no free sun loungers at the children's pool after the early hours of the morning. Since there are so many families with children, I would like to expand. 2. The waiters often brought the wrong drinks from the last time and not what we ordered. Unfortunately, there is a lack of understanding of German and English here. But that's down to the support team. The permanent staff understands both languages ​​perfectly. Here it just depends on who you are served by. Overall, it was the best hotel in Lara for our needs. 137. Comment: Lindo hotel. 100 percent recommended. Everything is fine. 138. Yorum: Dolphin Diva again and again! Best hotel we have stayed at. The people who work there always try hard and are really nice. The food is varied and very tasty.