1. Comment: We arrived at the hotel on July 1st and stayed for 1 week. The staff was generally friendly. The food was varied but some days a dish served for lunch was also served for lunch the next day and it was a bit stale, the fish varieties were always the same... 2. Comment: I have been spending my summer vacation here for the last two years. Price and performance wise I am satisfied enough. In a perfect location. All hotel staff are friendly, smiling and attentive. Everywhere in the hotel is spotlessly clean. I saw a child drop his plate in a restaurant and the staff cleaned it up within 1 minute. There is a lot of variety of food and the meals are very delicious. There is often live music in the lobby and during dinner. Many things have been thought of for children. 3. Comment: I stayed with my wife and child for 4 days between July 13-17. Generally a nice hotel. 1) The food is great, from the main restaurant to fast food, very high quality and delicious, the drinks are boxed and bottled, very high quality brands. 2) The rooms are clean and practical. 3) Evening entertainment is not very enjoyable because the amphitheater is physically small and unsuitable. 4) Free Funfair and water slides for children are great Kids Club provides average service. 5) Customer Relations are Very Poor. I have stayed in 3 hotels in that area before. This is the first hotel that does not call and ask if you are satisfied or if you have any requests. When you request something, you get the answer that it won't happen, they are lacking in this regard, In general, it is a hotel that you can go to but does it make you feel very special? In our opinion, no, we couldn't say that we wished we had stayed a little longer when we left. 4. Comment: We visited this hotel with our family this summer. If I go on holiday in Turkey, I don't think I'd go anywhere else but this hotel. Service, food quality, staff, cleanliness are 10 points. Also the hotel is very close to the airport. I just have a little advice, the rooms need some renovation. Apart from that, everything was perfect… 5. Comment: I stayed at your hotel with my family between 08.08-14.08, the cleaning lady cleaned our room well every day, I can give the food a maximum of 7-8 out of 10. The pool was good, the sea was very pebbly, pebbles, the evening entertainment programs were not very good, the theater area was very dominant, they are turning the dining hall into a performance area anyway, there was no variety in the a la carte restaurant, it was as if they were serving the food in the buffet (except for lahmacun) only to your plate. The staff was generally very good, 10 out of 10 for immediate service, I had a small issue with an employee regarding the beach bags that were distributed in public relations, this was annoying. The lady who was going to give me a bag made indifferent comments about the bag she was going to give me, without looking at my face. I am very surprised how they manage to keep such women in public relations. Lobby was good, Old hotel, not revised 6. Comment: First of all, our standard room faces the road, the room is clean, the bathroom is clean, the room is cleaned well daily, the employees who clean our rooms are very respectful and friendly. Our stay is still ongoing. The food varieties are very successful, from olive oil dishes to salads, desserts, meat, fish, chicken and turkey, there are many and delicious varieties, the restaurant staff is very respectful and friendly, let's come to the pool, unfortunately, there is a problem and complexity in the pool layout, and on top of that, the fact that they have placed a lodge in the pool increases this complexity, there may be a lodge in the sea, but it is very unnecessary for the pool, this move was made to earn 500 euros more per day, it was ridiculous. It was difficult to reach the poolside rollerbladers, and I found them unsuccessful and uninterested. The sinks and toilets near the pool were clean. I think the problem is so complicated only at the pool that a solution should definitely be found there. As a family that has been on vacation 2 or 3 times a year for 25 years, this is the first time we have witnessed this practice. 7. Comment: A 5-star hotel where you can have a full time, with a smiling face from the moment you enter the hotel, from the staff at the reception giving you all kinds of information about the hotel to accompanying you to your room, and with different activities for children and adults every day. There are so many good things to write about that I can't even begin to tell you. Staff interest is at a high level. I would also like to thank Chef ÖZGÜR, who is responsible for the hot meals, whom I introduced to the restaurant. From the information he gave about the food, I understood how qualified a chef he was and from the taste of the hot dishes. My wife and I were very happy to see young and experienced chefs in such a beautiful hotel. I would like to express my gratitude to the chefs, especially Özgür Şefim, who presented the best of Turkish gastronomy to local and especially foreign tourists visiting the hotel. I would like to state that we will definitely come on our next holiday. 8. Comment: The hotel interior and service were very nice. The decorations on the buffets literally supported and made the buffet look more vibrant. We were very pleased with the hotel, its service and facilities. It is possible to go again. It might be better for Turkish guests if the price was a little more affordable. In terms of price, I think it is a bit expensive. It would be much better if some of the employees were more cheerful and happier. We were very pleased with our holiday and had fun. 9. Comment: The facility is a successful hotel in every respect with its service quality, staff quality, tolerance, attention, activities for children, children's pools, general cleanliness and food. We will definitely stay again in the future. 10. Comment: First of all, it is a hotel that you can choose without hesitation.|I would like to talk about everything in detail, when you arrive at the hotel with the transfer vehicle, the security staff first checks your reservation information and then lets you in … 11. Comment: The hotel has 2 pools. One of them does not allow anyone under the age of 14. They try to sell tables by the pool at all hours. They don't forget to make comments if you don't want to. They come outside to pick up the trash at 5am and it's heard throughout the hotel. 12. Comment: We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days. The hotel staff was very sweet and attentive. I don't understand the comments about them not caring if you are Turkish or anything like that. We have never encountered such a situation. The pools were also large. The relax pool was great, you could really relax there. The sea was wavy and some parts were dirty, no lie. The food was excellent both in variety and taste. There was no problem with the cleaning of the room either. One employee was very interested in us but I forgot his name... We thank her very much from here🙃 We thank Ms. Nazgül at the reservation, she is the sweetest person in the world. Go, I think you won't regret it. 13. Comment: We had a wonderful 5-day family holiday, and we wanted to thank the entire team for this. Everyone in the team works hard and does everything we say. We usually got bored in the evenings at hotels, but here we went to the room … 14. Comment: A comfortable family hotel with very friendly staff. I recommend the food it is very delicious. One of the best among Kundu hotels. Thank you. The sea and the pool are also very beautiful. We come once and we will come again................. 15. Comment: A hotel that deserves five stars... I recommend it, we were personally very pleased with the cleanliness of the room and the hotel in general is clean... The service and food are also very good... The staff is always helpful and serves with a smile. 16. Comment: I can say that there is no better hotel in Antalya than Delphin Palace, I forgot the ones I went to before, everything is super, attention, service, rooms, food, pool, animation, cleanliness, I give 10 out of 10, no one who chooses it will regret it👍 I would like to thank this beautiful facility and its entire team, who do their job well and make their guests happy, 17. Comment: It really was the best holiday I've had lately, the hotel was great for me and my wife, the service and food were very good, especially the Manager Mr. Ihsan Aydın was very good and very attentive, I definitely recommend it, I would like to thank each and every one of the employees 🙏 18. Comment: I can say that it was the best holiday I have had in recent years, especially the hotel manager Mr. Ihsan Aydın is a very caring manager. The hotel is very good in terms of location, food and service. I recommend it to everyone, I am sure you will be satisfied. 19. Comment: We had our holiday thanks to Mr. İhsan. The only person who made us have a perfect holiday is Mr. İhsan AYDIN ​​and his team. Thank you very much for everything. You have a perfect team leader, he is knowledgeable, he helped us in every way during our holiday, you have an admirable staff. DELPHİN PALACE 7 STARS 20. Comment: The hotel that best represents our country. I could not find any faults in our 5-day holiday. Thank you for everything. 👏👏❤ 21. Comment: The lady security at the door is a smart-aleck, business-like person, playing games on her phone. The door is open, we go in and she asks why are you coming in. You can enter through an open door. 22. Comment: A wonderful hotel, everything is perfect, there is nothing missing, there is more 23. Comment: During our stay, the staff were very friendly and incredibly attentive, the meals were the best meals we've ever had, everything was very enjoyable and fun, thank you 24. Comment: The food is great, the service is amazing, it's an incredible quality hotel, the sea view is beyond amazing, the best hotel I've ever been to. The food is great, the service is amazing, it's an incredible quality hotel, the sea view is beyond amazing, the best hotel I've ever been to. The food is great, the service is amazing, it's an incredible quality hotel, the sea view is beyond amazing, the best hotel I've ever been to. Comment: The only hotel we stayed at for our honeymoon between September 3-7. It is great to see such quality service. The staff's attention, the taste of the food, the cleanliness and security of the hotel, everything was perfect, we have no doubt that we will visit again in the coming years... The lady at the reception was very helpful from the moment we entered, and also Halit K. The employee named was very interested and concerned, he took care of us as if we had gone to his home, not as a workplace. It was a great experience. Thank you for everything DELPHİN, lastly the animator's energy was great too 👌🏻 26. Comment: First of all, we had a very nice holiday in general. I recommend it to everyone with peace of mind. From the first minute we arrived until the last minute we left, all the hotel staff were very helpful in their part of the business. The facility is an ultra all-inclusive concept hotel. It is rich enough to keep its guests engaged in continuous activity from early morning until late at night. Its size is designed quite ideally. You can leave the room with quick steps and be in the sea within five minutes. Its private beach is large enough for all its guests. The beach is generally made up of sand, so you don't need sea shoes. The sea also begins to deepen at the ideal distance. The number of sun loungers is also sufficient without leaving anyone running around. The beverage carts on the beach are also well positioned for those who want to cool off. Although the food was not legendary, it was at a sufficient level of taste. There was a lot of variety. There was plenty of everything to suit the guests' dietary preferences. Every day they dedicate a section to a different concept. They create a beautiful theme, from the decorations at the entrance to the clothes of the waiters who help. This distinction made according to countries or cuisines also increases diversity. It's very well thought out. There is a wide range of desserts, from milk to syrup. In general, I think that the flavor and variety of the appetizers could be improved a bit. The taste and variety in the breakfast section was very sufficient. For all meals, you can find a comfortable place to sit, either indoors or outdoors. The waiters and busboys are working hard. Everyone was very helpful and attentive. I would especially like to thank Mr. İbrahim and Mr. Bakai. Apart from the general restaurants, there are concept restaurants that you can try once for free. Although we haven't tried all of them, I think they are all quite delicious based on what we have experienced and what we have heard from those who have tried them. It was definitely the best hotel floor service we have ever experienced. It was perfect, both the fact that all our needs were met within minutes and that room service was provided at the time we requested without any disturbance during our baby's sleeping hours. We would especially like to thank the floor attendant, Ms. Dinara, for her interest, help and friendly attitude. I am commenting for the standard room. The rooms were of adequate size. We were pleased with the rooms in general. However, the furniture and some items seem to need some renewal. The beds were adequate, but could have been a little more comfortable. Balcony doors did not provide adequate sound insulation. The bathroom was a bit small, although adequate. But the auxiliary equipment was quite plentiful. Minibar services were quite good. Bars and dining areas are spread throughout the property and offer excellent service. I'd say it's perfect. In general, the facility was great in terms of cleanliness and hygiene. 27. Comment: A hotel with quality activities to experience, one of the best in Antalya 28. Comment: Hello; First of all, I would like to state that we chose it as a honeymoon hotel after a long research and that we were extremely pleased with it, and that we spent every moment and every day very beautifully and fully. It was a hotel where everything was perfect, from the attentiveness of the staff, to the cleanliness of the hotel, the pool, the sea, the food, the events and parties they organized. We would also like to thank Mr. Sergen and Ms. Olga, who helped us there, for their interest. I would like to express my endless gratitude to the entire team for your wonderful hospitality and for providing us with an unforgettable and very enjoyable holiday. YOU ARE PERFECT! 29. Comment: I was here during the 2023 summer holiday. I was very pleased and I will be here again this holiday on July 12. I would especially like to thank the animation team. Comment: Thanks to all Delpin Palace Hotel staff. We had a holiday that was far above our expectations. If we need to evaluate step by step, Welcoming: We went to the hotel with our own vehicle. At the hotel door, our luggage was carefully unloaded from the vehicle and taken to the waiting area until we checked in. At the same time, a valet took our car to their parking lot right next to the hotel. Although I wish they had a parking lot that was completely covered or had more shade, our vehicles would have been protected from both the dust and dirt and our vehicle would have been protected from the Antalya sun. But since many guests arrived by plane, the parking area may have been left in the background while the hotel was being built. As a result, we did not have to worry about where to park our car. Reception: When you enter the hotel, you are greeted by a magnificent reception and waiting area. A magnificent giant chandelier, panoramic elevators and coolness. Exactly what you need in the heat of Antalya. In the same area, right across from the entrance, cool drinks (lemonade, various Ottoman-inspired sherbets and chilled champagne for those who wish) are served to guests. Normally, hotel check-in is at 14:00, but since we came with our own vehicle, we arrived at the hotel around 12:00. All the reception staff were very friendly and helpful and did their best to help you. Our check-in process was completed very quickly and our armbands were put on. It was also a nice gesture to gift my wife a beach bag and our daughters a small bag. Thanks. While our room was being prepared, we took a short walk around the pool and had the opportunity to have some drinks and snacks. Our room was prepared very quickly and we settled in quickly. Thank you also for not waiting for us for a long time. Pools: There is one inside, one outside and a large pool that covers the entire area in front of the hotel, as well as a relatively quieter pool on the side of the hotel. There is also a pool area designed for small children where small children can easily enter the water. The average temperature of the outdoor pools is 26-27 degrees, while the indoor pools are colder, so it is good to cool off by going in during the day. There are enough sun loungers by the pool. But I recommend you not to reserve a sunbed before 8.30 because during the cleaning, they take your belongings and leave them in the towel area. They don't get lost, but you do experience a brief panic wondering where they went :). The pool is vacuumed every day and all sun loungers are arranged and wiped down before 8:30. Aquapark: There are 5 slides. Open from 10am to 12.30pm and from 13.30pm to 5.30pm. I think this is the only thing that can be criticized about this hotel. Still as good as when it was first made. Needs a solid repair. But it was still enjoyable. Beach: There are enough sun loungers and cleanliness is at the forefront. There is also a bar on the pier and it is open all day. 31. Comment: I had a wonderful holiday, the hotel is a professional establishment from top to bottom. I would like to thank Mr. Rıdvan and Ms. Carolina from the reception for their interest and attention. I really liked Ramazan Kayra, one of the waiters, he is a very polite and gentlemanly person. 32. Comment: One of the hotels with the highest service quality. We stayed for 1 week with my children and wife. The food was great, the cleanliness was impeccable. The employees are respectful and professional. Thanks to animation daytime programs, you won't have time to get bored. Evening shows and live music appeal to all nations. Above all else, the place where my children and I were happiest was the kids' club. We were very pleased with the interest and attention shown by Esin and the other girls in the team towards the children. The program for children made sure that my children had a great time every minute. The carnival, gala night, mini dentist, experiment hour and many other activities that I cannot list were a blessing for the children. Special thanks to all 33. Comment: It was a great holiday! Everything is very good, all the staff are very polite and smiling, reception staff Daniil, Melike, Eda and Sinem from guest relations, floor attendant Neslihan, I thank them all. high quality restaurant and cleanliness is perfect! |I recommend 👍🏼 … 34. Comment: A wonderful, excellent hotel with food, rooms and Mini Club everything was really amazing. This is our first time here and we have no regrets. We are planning to come again on our next holiday. We were very pleased with the children and I would also like to thank the staff at the Mini Club. You are great. 🙏🏻👏🏻🥰 35. Comment: Ridvan Bey and Carolina Hanım at the reception were very cheerful and attentive, thank you||We would also like to thank Mustafa Bey in the animation at the main pool and Yusuf Gündes Bey in charge of hygiene, they were very attentive throughout the day.||We found ourselves a hotel that we will always come back to again, 36. Comment: I had a wonderful holiday,|The hotel is a professional business from top to bottom.|I would like to thank Mr. Rıdvan and Ms. Carolina from the reception for their interest and attention.|I really liked Ramazan Kayra from the waiters, he is a very polite and gentlemanly friend. 37. Comment: A place you will never give up on once you come and one that truly deserves the service. Hotel that happily guarantees you a wonderful holiday... One of the places you will not regret... 38. Comment: Hello, we came to the hotel last month and we were very pleased. The animation shows were great. We would like to thank Sener Bey who operated the microphone and Cem Bey for their interest. We had incredible fun with Cem in the air rifle, volleyball and evening entertainment. We will definitely come next year, hoping to see the same team. Have a nice day 39. Comment: A beautiful hotel, they take care of everything, the service is excellent, the food is wonderful, all the staff are attentive and caring. Comment: We had a wonderful family holiday this summer. We were very pleased. We have 3 children. One of the best hotels to visit with family. Someone. Especially the employees at the mini club showed great interest. I would also like to thank Ms. Nazli, one of the employees, for her interest in the children. One of the best hotels to visit with families. 41. Comment: Clean hotel. The food was very good. The hotel staff was very attentive. We were very pleased with the staff working in the restaurant and especially Ms. Elif. We thank your business for everything 42. Comment: We came to the hotel for the first time, everything was great, the drinks were very high quality, our favorite part of the hotel was the animation team, especially Mr. Cem and Mr. Şener, they took great care of us and were always helpful, thank you very much to both of them, we want to come back next year, thank you very much for the great parties and fun activities 43. Comment: The staff was very good, everyone was smiling and trying to help in every way, I recommend it as a clean and very nice hotel, greetings 44. Comment: There were many good and bad features in the hotel, but especially the entertainment part was really top notch, the animation team, especially Cem, knew how to entertain, thank you for everything! 45. Comment: We have been customers of Delphin Hotels for approximately 19-20 years. It is a very disciplined hotel with the potential to satisfy its customers with its cleanliness, variety of food and services offered. A place we will never give up on going :) 46. Comment: The animation was very good, the shows, the parties, the live music were incredibly entertaining. Mr. Cem from the animation took great care of us, the drinks were very delicious. We would also like to thank the manager Sener from the animation for the great shows. Comment: I can't rate it because I haven't stayed there yet. Its external appearance gives the message that things are going well. The hotel's magnificent and beautifully designed architecture is striking at first glance, and it is also understood that there are many rooms. Since it is on the seaside, I think the hotel has its own pier and beach. It has been listed to be visited as soon as possible. 48. Comment: A wonderfully warm holiday spot... An ideal environment has been prepared to make you feel good. While you are sitting by the pool, the skater staff will take care of you and politely take your order. I was amazed by the energy of the skating staff. Cemal, Gamze, Mustafa and Rümeysa are very interested... The staff who made us do morning exercises also deserve thanks. Special thanks to Deniz... The MiniClub staff is incredibly dedicated. Nazli is successful in her mission. The smiling lifeguard Mr. Hüseyin, who makes you feel safe in the main pool, is always ready to help the guests and is a respectful person... Guestrelation staff is smilingly taking notes of your suggestions and complaints at the poolside. Thank you Ms. Sinem. Mr. Ertürk and Mr. Arafat, who formed such a devoted team, deserve applause. Delphin Palace is our only choice every summer....