1. Yorum: We stayed 3 nights in October. The hotel is luxurious and new as it opened in July 2024. The meals are small but usually sufficient and delicious. Soft drinks such as beer and cola are also served in bottles. In the Algida refrigerator you will find a variety of ice creams. Since the hotel is +16, there are no children. Because the season started late, the events were small and insufficient, but if you went to rest, that's not a problem. All the staff, waiters and bartenders are friendly. In the snack bar there are always snacks such as potato doner kebab etc. present. Our handsome bald brother, who is the head of the animators, is very sincere and friendly :), Mrs. Melike from the guest relations department is very friendly. There are 4-5 hotel managers, they just wander around, it is not clear what they are doing, and they scold the waiters, this was not nice. It was a comedy when the guest relations manager lady chased sun loungers on the beach with her high heels :), the only shortcoming of the hotel is that it is smaller than other granadas and there is no PIER on the beach, they do not allow the use of the other granada pier right next to it. If next year the beach is renovated, the rocks in the sea are removed and a pier, however small, is built, it will be wonderful. We didn't use the bath, but we did bring towels. I expected the bespectacled gentleman in the bath to be a little more polite. The gozleme lady is always present and hygienic. The pool is small but adequate. The hotel guests consisted of guests from Slavic countries. The hotel has a pool bar, a beach bar and a lobby. Bottled drinks in the lobby and pool bar. Their pitas are delicious. I'm sure next year will be better. Thanks to all the staff for their kind work. 2. Yorum: It is possible to write day by day and share when we arrive at the hotel, but that will not be necessary as I will write in detail. The rooms are new, the furniture is new, the lobby is new, the pool is new and everything from sun loungers to towels is new, only the staff is old and experienced and knows how to use this new thing. The staff was friendly, even very helpful. The gentleman who cleans the pool is a wonderful person. Sister makes pancakes, don't go anywhere, your hand was delicious. The hotel has thought of everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible and to ensure your satisfaction. Their food is going to a higher level every day. The fish day was great, everything with seafood is an open buffet and it is all ready for you in a great variety. In addition to the fish day, the dishes are already very diverse and perfect for those looking for flavor. The hotel's beach area welcomes you with fine sand and a beautiful sea. The hotel is an adult only hotel and children are not allowed in this hotel. The drink of your choice is ready for you in every bar. Friendly staff walks around asking what you want, and they don't sit down once. I tried spa massage, there is very negative criticism about the spa here, but the massage, from Tai to the muscle group you mentioned, is done in the smallest details and with great effort. The scents they use at the entrance and throughout the hotel fascinate you. Day 4 at the hotel: Breakfast - the chef and his assistants had it poured again. Let's talk about the invisible heroes of the hotel: Thanks to our brother Efsun from Ets, he was very interested in us. The little lady is friendly and understands what we want. Mr. Mehmet, errand boy, number 10, friendly young man. Mr. Hasan is an animator, entertainer, decent and genuinely helpful man. He fits in very well with this hotel. Thanks to Yunus Emreye for making waffles. Introduction Mrs. Melike, thank you girl, she did what we said and carried out the notes she made on our behalf. Chef Ismail, the king chef, we are very satisfied with the food, no one is allowed to say anything, number 10. And he was always at the counter. The cleaning lady, Bahar, is friendly and careful in her work. She always smiled when she passed us. Congratulations to waiters Eda and Enise from the dining room. They reach all the tables. Ober Muhammed is king number 10 and a dedicated boy. He does everything he can to make you feel comfortable. We received the same satisfaction from bartender Ali. He took care of us with a very satisfying effort and dedication. 3. Comment: 1. Not for those seeking peace and quiet, bass until the early hours on the 6th floor. 2. Food is more of a 3 or 4 star hotel level. 3. Lying too close to each other on the beach or by the pool. 4. Too few and uncomfortable outdoor seating options. 5. Beach steep and rocky. 6. Cleanliness does not meet 5 star standard. 4. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel between October 8th and 14th. Since it is a new hotel, it is very clean and well maintained. The food was very tasty. The attention and courtesy of the staff was very good. It is a pleasure to have a jacuzzi in our room. The hotel management was extremely kind to send a fruit bowl and a bottle of white wine to our room. It is an exceptionally good hotel in terms of value for money. I highly recommend it to those who go. 5. Yorum: Since the hotel is new and will open in June 2024, we are giving you our rating so you can get an idea of ​​the hotel. We arrived on August 26, 2024 and stayed there for 8 days. Check-in is from 12:00 to 14:00, depending on how quickly your future room is cleaned. Upon arrival they explained everything in Russian and how it works. Room is good, quite new, bathroom is excellent, everything works. The room has a jacuzzi with which we had problems 2 times, they tried to fix it but it didn't work It would be nice to replace the water drainage system. The view from the balcony is so-so, at least in our room it has a bluetooth system that allows you to connect from your phone and listen to music. The room also has a minibar which is replenished every day (Coke Sprite, chocolate, water, beer). Overall we rate the room 8/10 (because of the view and issues with the jacuzzi, but you might be fine with that) Overall the room is tidy. The service staff is very polite, but without knowledge of English it will be a bit difficult if you have to explain any problems with the number. There are 3 main bars on the hotel grounds, in the lobby, by the pool and on the beach In the lobby bar 10/10 quality alcohol (imported) At the pool and beach it is local but of quite good quality, there are about 38 types of stills to choose from and they offer draft and bottled beer (Carlsberg, Tuborg) About the food: The food is very tasty, 9/10, in terms of variety 8/10, special thanks for the delicious desserts Pool + beach (The pool is not too big and not deep 1 meter 40 centimeters, open until 7 pm, the water is not chlorinated, it is pleasant to be there. It is warm in the evening. Beach: There are sun loungers, the entrance is sandy, the place was almost always there, but the entrance is quite deep, about 7 meters from the beach, the depth is already 2 meters. Every day new towels provided a very good level, different groups perform, a cool DJ + different shows, Pirate party, Pena party, fire show which we also had. In addition to evening programs, there is also a nightclub in the hotel open at night from 11:30 pm to 2:00 am, which is also quite good. In general, I recommend the hotel, it is fashionable to even return, the quality of the food, the hotel and the staff are quite decent, they constantly monitor and ask if everything is to your liking. Of the munos: There is no area near the hotel, (very small) Actually a hotel, a swimming pool, a beach and a place for evening programs In general this is the main drawback, but even this does not play a big role. We rate the hotel 9/10 6. Yorum: Hello everyone. The hotel is very good in all respects. Service and attention to guests is immediate, you just need to look or say, and everyone immediately starts to solve your problem, a very caring attitude, which is very pleasant. The food is delicious, there was a lot of fish, there was seafood, there was a lot of meat, vegetables, salads, exceptional sweets, in general it was beautiful and you can take food to the beach or to your room, which is also very important. Drinks are a separate luxury, they make a wide variety of cocktails, shots, champagne, wine, beer, whiskey etc. are served in glass containers and can also be taken in any desired quantity to your room, on the beach etc. Bartenders Fati, Bilyal and Ali Kosman are the best in their field, they will always offer something new and incredibly tasty. The pool on the property is very clean, but it was enough for us, the sea is very clean. Sunbeds, towels, everything is available. Every day there is a show, music. groups, interesting program. A very important point is that the hotel is 16+, there are no children, it is very quiet and without shouting, this is an important point for us. The rooms are clean, everything is there, the bar is constantly stocked, although there are 4 bars on site and they pour everything as much as you want and the fridge is not particularly useful. Jacuzzi worked well, safe, wifi was excellent everywhere. Overall the hotel is trying very hard, the quality work of all the staff is visible. In the restaurant the waiters are very attentive, they come up and ask what you want to drink and pour whatever you ask for. They remove everything, just blink. Well done, the hotel is 5+, everything is well thought out and clear. We will definitely be back! 7. Yorum: In any case, a clear recommendation. The hotel has a very good price-quality ratio. We have never experienced a hotel that is so beautiful, modern, well-kept and with such a feel-good atmosphere. The complex has a fitness studio with the latest equipment and a huge wellness area. The food was very varied and at the same time delicious. Wherever you were, all the service staff were friendly and attentive. At this point it should be mentioned, Guest Support Manager Mrs. Gönül Yilmaz, who approaches her work with high standards and a lot of passion. Thanks to their warm and professional guidance we felt completely at home. We will definitely come back. 8. Yorum: An unpleasant aftertaste, we arrived at the hotel at 11:44 and were told that the standard check-in was at 14:00, ok, we waited until 14:00 without any problems, finally we were checked in at 15:10, 1 hour and 10 minutes later! After a 6 hour flight, then 2 hours from Antalya to the hotel, tired, not sleeping, the situation was not the best! The girls at the reception don't speak Russian at all, but it seems that the majority of holidaymakers speak Russian! Later we met an employee of Anar, thank you, then I told her everything and showed her! One minor drawback is that the rooms were cleaned within 6 days; they didn't change the toothbrush, soap, shampoo, etc. Not replaced and in general there is no feeling of freshness (it seems like a new hotel) The staff is not bad, but no one speaks Russian! Of the benefits! The cuisine is delicious and varied, the environment is clean, you feel safe, the beach is good, free minibar. But the drinks and cocktails in the bar are tasteless! 9. Comment: Hello! We rested at the end of September, beginning of October. We were very satisfied. The hotel is new, so the furniture and everything else is new. Everything is arranged with taste and style. The staff is very responsive, helpful, those who make you feel good. Cleaning is done daily. The food is good and nicely coordinated. For dessert - various types of pastries and muffins, fruits. There was always curaga, walnut kernel and beech honey, etc. The drinks were calm and of good quality. I would love to come back again. I recommend this hotel with confidence! 10. Yorum: We spent a 7-day stay at Granada Luxury Red, and overall the experience was pleasant, with a few minor aspects worth mentioning. We arrived at the hotel at 5am and although our room was not available at that time, the staff immediately gave us wristbands and access to all the hotel facilities. Although the official check-in time was much later, the staff made every effort to accommodate us earlier, and by 10am we had our room. The room was very clean and specially designed for couples. It features a Jacuzzi directly in the room with a glass wall overlooking the shower, making it less suitable for families or people who are not traveling alone. However, for couples the setup is romantic and comfortable. Towels were changed daily and bed linen was changed every few days. The room also features adjustable air conditioning, a Bluetooth speaker and colourful mood lighting, perfect for creating a relaxing atmosphere. The minibar is restocked daily with soft drinks and snacks, which is a nice touch. The bathroom is well equipped with essentials including a hairdryer. In addition to the comfort of the room, the hotel facilities are diverse. The hotel has several bars, a buffet restaurant, a pastry shop, a fitness room, a spa and a nightclub on level -1. The restaurant offers a wide range of dishes, from meat, fish and vegetables to traditional Turkish meals. The menu and desserts change daily, which provides variety. We enjoyed seafood such as mussels, calamari, grilled dorado and trout, as well as sushi. The drinks at the bar are excellent, and the bartender, Ali, stands out for his friendliness and professionalism. Another highlight is the pool, where music is played daily and waiters serve drinks immediately. One day the hotel hosted a pool party, which was well planned and fun. It is worth mentioning, however, that although the sea is very warm and great for swimming, the beach is rocky, which can be a minor inconvenience for some. Although the hotel has many facilities, it is quite small and there is no outdoor seating except by the pool or on the beach with sun loungers. This limits the options for those who prefer a quiet outdoor spot. In addition, the nightclub, located on level -1, can be disturbing for guests who go to bed early, as the music can be heard throughout the hotel until 2am. While this personally wouldn't be a big problem for me, I wouldn't do that. I recommend it for guests who like to go to bed before 2am as the music plays until then. In short, we had a very good experience at Granada Luxury Red, with attentive staff and modern facilities. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly, and the hotel staff is extremely polite and attentive, always concerned about the well-being of the guests. I recommend this hotel especially to couples looking for a comfortable, modern and well-equipped place for a relaxing holiday. However, those who prefer more peace and quiet or outdoor spaces may want to consider these minor drawbacks. 11. Yorum: Since the hotel is new, we came here based on the Granada experience. We were so happy, more than we expected, I can't explain it. I definitely recommend it, it's the perfect honeymoon hotel. I am currently reporting from the hotel that even artists are coming to give a concert in the evening. A hotel by the sea. The rooms and everything are like new. And the staff are so friendly that they will accommodate all your wishes. The food in particular is legendary. Don't waste your money on expensive, low-quality luxury hotels. Experience the difference in Granada. 12. Yorum: I thought long and hard about what rating I would give. Overall the hotel is not bad, but if you take into account the price/quality ratio then big questions arise. 1) On the day of check-in, the reception staff did not speak Russian or English, we had to communicate with gestures, it is good that no emergencies arose and we managed to come to an agreement. 2) There are defects throughout the hotel, somewhere the tiles are crooked, somewhere there is no piece at all. In our room the shower cabin was very poorly sealed. Also in the room the blinds for the window by the jacuzzi did not work and cold water flowed from the hot tap of the jacuzzi and vice versa. 3) A jacuzzi is generally a rectangular bath with 6 jets on the sides, the effect is not a full-fledged jacuzzi. 4) SPA. A wide variety of massages are offered, from therapeutic to relaxing, but they only offer imitation Thai massages. I chose medicinal, they did a kind of Thai and put stones on me, my companion chose aromatherapy, but she also got Thai, without using aromatic oils, they used basic coconut oil. As a massage therapist with years of experience, I can say that I had major questions about the technique of my master's degree. It seemed to me that the man did not understand at all what he was doing. And just for this I wanted to give 1*. By the way, the peeling and foam massage was done at 4 o'clock. The price of the massage is simply exorbitant, even in the center of Moscow you can get it cheaper from a good specialist. 5) Wi-Fi leaves a lot to be desired. You can watch a small video on YouTube, but forget about movies or broadcasts in at least 1080. 6) Buffet. The desserts were indeed very tasty, but otherwise a weak 3. Lots of salt and pepper in the meat dishes, little variety compared to other hotels for this price. 7) Sound insulation. An adults only hotel, which means some noise from neighbouring rooms, so you can hear everything, and if someone decides they have karaoke tonight, rest assured, you can clearly hear the entire repertoire. 8) it is impossible to connect to the TV wirelessly, there are several Russian-language channels, but this is where all the use of TV ends. 9) There were no disposable slippers in the room. And toothbrushes don't clean your teeth at all. 10) one of the two elevators was not working. 13. Yorum: Hello, The hotel is great, we were very satisfied with the rest. It is a new hotel and the repair is fresh and the staff is striving to build a good image. I will attach a photo of the room, which is very nice with jacuzzi and minibar. From the balcony you can partially see the sea. The rooms are equipped with an overhead speaker that connects via Bluetooth, LED lighting around the bed and overhead, and a safe, at no extra charge. The minibar contains: cola, sprite, fanta, still and sparkling water, chocolate, beer and snacks. Cleaning is done daily and the minibar is also restocked daily. Very tasty and always fresh seafood food was only once steamed squid and once fried shrimp on a bun. For the rest, grilled meat and fish (trout and dorado). A big advantage is the location of the hotel, it is on the first line directly on the beach, at the accommodation you get cards that you exchange for beach towels and in the evening you exchange them again. There are 2 elevators in the hotel, only one of which was working and we had to wait a long time to go from one floor to another. On the territory of the hotel there are 3 bars, 1 swimming pool and a space for evening festivities. We hope that the hotel will maintain its quality standards over time. 14. Yorum: Disappointing, I'm sorry but those who gave 5* don't know or they haven't been to a real 5* hotel, this one doesn't even meet 3*, the negative reviews tell the truth,... It is a new hotel 👍 but it has nothing to do with ,,adult,, lack of atmosphere, fun, food, space, sea with pebbles, the pool is fff busy and you disturb without wanting to, the staff is ok but only Turkish, the management just walks, it is fff cold, without feeling any comfort, soap, shampoo in a terrible bottle, a plus for the fridge, the room is always full, bartenders 💪🍷, I could only use the sauna, Turkish bath for money? the hotel was full of old people, maybe they were sold out for pensioners? do not recommend drloc 15. Yorum: One of the worst hotels we visited: the elevator was not working during the whole visit - 9 days, and the nightclub music until 2am. the night did not allow him to rest and enjoy the peace. The hotel was built in half a year. The repair won't take long. Generally speaking, you don't want to go back. 16. Yorum: 98% Eastern European guests. And as if that wasn't enough, Russian music is played during the evening programme, but in the afternoon you can also let yourself be driven away by Eastern European songs at massive volume. Guests from other countries are not taken into account. Of the staff, the two gentlemen who run the pool bar during the day and evening are very friendly and competent, and the older gentleman who cleans the pool is also nice. Since the hotel only opened on June 24, the rooms are new and modern. The whirlpool in the room is a small square tub with some jets. In the so-called swimming pool it takes about an hour before there is almost enough water in it to swim, but then you can no longer drain the water. When you go to a restaurant it smells like sewer!! That's exactly what you want to smell when you go to a restaurant!! The buffet is quite small and the food is below average for Turkey. The food is the same every day, the variety is minimal. Lunch at the beach bar also includes burgers, kebab meat and pizza every day. There are no sauces for it, but there is ketchup in packets. The fruit selection is very limited. You don't get porridge or anything like that in the morning either. The cocktails and iced coffee are good, as is the coffee in the small café bar in the lobby. Most of the waiters only speak Turkish, in 10 days we were not asked once at the pool or in the evening if we wanted something to drink - except in the restaurant during dinner, service by waiters was reserved for Eastern European guests, who were then also given beer and drinks were brought to the pool in bottles and glasses, in the evening the same picture. The outdoor area of ​​the restaurant does not invite you to linger, as you are looking at white concrete walls on all sides. The hotel does not have any green space, not even a few plants for decoration, if you appreciate that kind of thing you are in the wrong place. The beach is quite small, rocky entrance to the water. There are hotels on the left and right and in the evening you get loud noise from all sides, including your own hotel from three sides. We haven't had guest service for 10 days. As a result, many things here weren't as *exclusive* as you might expect from the Internet presentation. I would never book Granada again because the offering here is no more than average for Turkey, and it is available for half the price. 17. Yorum: An unpleasant experience for a newly opened 5* hotel, which does not reach 3*, I did not understand the idea of ​​​​an "adult hotel", maybe a retirement home, I had other expectations from a GRANATA hotel, this is the weakest, it is full of Russians and old Germans, who have priority, although I was there in September and I was with about 15-20 Romanians, I kept insisting, the lack of entertainment activities, especially because there is a lack of space, it is fff small, the sauna, the turkish bath was for money, Mr. Jusuf was the boss at the spa, so no facilities, but nice rooms without soap, shower gel, the fridge was always full, several bartenders, bad canteen food. DISCO underground okay, if your open window smells like garbage and food I don't recommend it 18. Yorum: Regrettable, I have been going to 5* hotels in Turkey for more than 20 years, this one doesn't even have 4*, terrible beach, crowded pool, bad food, sweets ok, bartenders ok, but I didn't find any martini, campers, ... wine of food, a plus, the refrigerator is fed daily, the room is in order, everything new, the lack of an indoor pool, sauna, Turkish bath only for money, the lack of entertainers, a bad hotel , in entertainment activities below expectations, so avoid this hotel 19. Yorum: We arrived as a couple and were welcomed very warmly from the first day. The rooms are clean, cleaned daily. We cannot understand the reviews of some writers, neither about the too many Eastern European guests, nor about their preferential treatment. As normal Germans we received the same level of service. We found it very positive that we were not constantly bothered with "offers" for wellness, etc. d. We had the peace and quiet you would want on holiday. A variety of foods were offered and the drinks were all quality brands, both soft and alcoholic. 20. Yorum: I do not recommend, high price, 3 * quality, we have been coming to Turkey for 19 years, this year I tried an "adult" hotel, but I had a bitter taste, from the moment I got to the room, the lights, air conditioning, soap, soap did not work gel from a can, sad for a hotel that has only been open for 2 months 😪 we expected something special, but enough junk, we could not use the sauna, turkish bath, the spa man asked us for money, we were verbally harassed that I did not accept it, I told the management to a skinny blonde girl (customer relations)? and she took no action, the staff for example only Turkish? weak internet, asylum atmosphere, cold, no flower, arrangements, no music, the evening program mediocre, the lack of mattresses on the sunbeds and squished by the pool, the sea with stones, the restaurant with canteen food, the lack of an a la carte restaurant location, but you pay, plus the drinks per bottle, even though we didn't even have Campari or digestive, sweets, juices, the staff at the bar and the friendly girls, I had no claims, only services included in the price😜 for 5 * and the price paid I mention that we were with several families and that there were about 20 dissatisfied families in the hotel 21. Yorum: We were on holiday in August, we were satisfied, but the hotel hardly meets the status of 5 stars. The staff don't speak English or Russian, even the girls working at the reception couldn't answer the most basic questions. I would advise you to avoid the spa at all costs, the prices are inadequate, the staff are unpleasant, pushy, pull your hand and offer services that do not meet the promises. During the massage and procedures, other people are constantly brought along to observe how the procedures are going. It was difficult and unpleasant. The room is tidy, I really liked the spacious jacuzzi and the minibar that is refilled every day. The entertainment scene is very close to the rooms, our windows overlooked the pool so the noise in the evenings was unbearable. Sound insulation is virtually non-existent. The food in the canteen is tasty and varied, but the beach bar was disappointing, only leftovers are served, after lunch in the canteen you eat waste or find it empty. I had to laugh that the canteen serves a “midnight breakfast”, which is open from 12am to 6am. Even the bread was hidden. There are two elevators in the building, one of them was constantly out of order, and the one that was working was very slow, you had to wait for the elevator after 5 minutes. The beach is small but clean. There was never a shortage of sunbeds, neither by the pool nor by the sea, at any time of the day. In the morning, an employee puts towels on the tables between the sunbeds and then asks for money for them, even though it is a shared beach. As I lay there, he came and shouted in his own language and took the towel from me. Very disrespectful behavior. Considering all the bad experiences I would definitely not return to this particular hotel, I find the price-quality ratio very poor. 22. Yorum: Brand new hotel. Preferred languages ​​are English, Turkish and Russian. There are very few people who speak German. Medical care 24/7 in the hotel. 23. Yorum: The hotel does not correspond to the level of 5*, for 3* according to European standards - yes. Among the minuses: there is no ironing, there is no room with a sea view from the standard rooms, the hotel area is quite small and there is no quiet place to relax, there are no embankments or other places to walk, the staff does not speak English or Russian, and there were communication problems. Of the pluses: purely for relaxation for two, clean sea, comfortable room minus the view and noise outside the window, the beach is right on the hotel grounds. I advise visitors to find another, better hotel. 24. Yorum: After a fantastic stay at Granada Luxury Okurcalar in September 2023, where we were particularly impressed by the excellent service and friendly staff, we decided to give the recently opened Granada Luxury Red a try. The hotel is modern and stylish, but you quickly notice that it is very new: both the building and the staff. The rooms are nicely designed, but there are visible defects that indicate a hasty delivery. We were especially impressed by the floor-to-ceiling windows, which gave us incredible views of the sea. Another point is the staff. Unfortunately, we mainly experienced unfriendly and inattentive employees here. With a few exceptions, we did not really feel welcome. Overall, the service was not up to the high standard we were used to in Okurcalar - the staff barely noticed the guests. The food, which we enjoyed and was varied, must be positively emphasized. However, there is room for improvement here too, especially at the Beach Bar, which was a bit disappointing. Overall, I am still very impressed with the Granada hotel chain, but Granada Luxury Red definitely needs more experience and some improvements to keep up with its sister hotels. We will visit Okurcular again next year and are very much looking forward to it. 25. Yorum: We were there for a week and I was happy. A very nice hotel and very friendly and helpful staff. The food was very varied and tasty. We would love to come back 26. Yorum: Great hotel! We were very pleased with the services provided, from receptionists to cleaning and food services. The hotel staff I have had contact with is a team of very nice people, mostly friendly and dedicated. They know how to personalize the relationship with the customer. I know I have to be careful. Well done! I had a very pleasant experience during my stay at the hotel. I recommend it with confidence If you want to feel wonderful, GRANADA LUXURY RED is the right place for you! 😍 We will definitely be back! ❤️ A 10/10 hotel 27. Yorum: The hotel is not 5*, we were disappointed, it has nothing to do with an "adult" hotel, canteen food, good drinks but few dishes, lack of atmosphere, hospital-like corridors, bar staff and waitresses attentive if you give a tip, program for pensioners in the evening, swimming pool of 1.40, we could not use the Turkish bath and sauna, the man of the spa asked us for money so that we could access hand in hand with the management SHAME has nothing to do with GRANADA hotels 28. Yorum: A location below expectations is not 5*, I had a missed holiday, the room was ok, the people were ok, the food was pathetic, the mess, the beach was crowded, the sunbeds were terrible, you stood in line to wash your feet in something improvised, the disco in the basement was ok, few drinks, we complained that we were harassed by the spa gentleman for the sauna and the turkish bath, they asked us for money, so we could not benefit from these included services, I liked the hotel theme,,,adult,, not cold, not the atmosphere, small space, lack of activity, atmosphere.. I complained to the management under every criticism in vain. 29. Yorum: The hotel is very nice. The food is very tasty. The staff are friendly. The rooms are clean. The alcoholic beverages are of very high quality. the sea is clean. animator The brothers are very skilled, so I recommend you to come. 30. Yorum: A great new hotel. Great service, great rooms. Weaker animation program and until two o'clock it was not possible to swim in the pool of the evening club. It needs to be soaked more. 31. Yorum: The hotel is very beautiful and despite it being autumn, there is still a wonderful atmosphere. I am very satisfied. 32. Yorum: Great hotel with great service. We will definitely be back. 33. Yorum: Great, great spa with Dr. Jusuf extra Thai massage, hotel everything was great, food extra, 34. Yorum: Perfect, new hotel, great ?? 35. Comment: niveau 36. Yorum: Great everything 37. Yorum: Don't trust bought reviews. Do you believe that Granada is completely beautiful? But no – here it is – a clear exception to the rule. The price-performance ratio takes you to previously undiscovered levels of rage. Everything is bad. Food, spa, staff. Everything is not working/over/dirty/boring. Water and electricity are constantly turned off. There are quite a few foreigners resting on the modest little territory who have “bought a pass” from the security and whatever these “newly minted holidaymakers without bracelets” do, the security will not even look in their direction. The children relieved themselves directly on the beach at the shoreline. And their deeds are washed away by the wave beneath your damned gaze. There are many children on the beach in this adults-only hotel. Oh yes... This hotel does not have a private beach - it is public - so there are a lot of strangers among the sun loungers and on the deck chairs. It is clear that all beaches in Turkey do not belong to hotels, but... there are already very few sun loungers, and then there are these holidaymakers... (and normal hotels organize the area in such a way that strangers do not have the opportunity to go deep into the beach and use the infrastructure, and the guards did not have the opportunity to perform tricks). And say hello to your personal belongings, it is not a fact that they will be waiting for you. And you don't count on personal space. And all this for your money. And not small ones. Food is a separate problem: you are allergic - you have nothing to eat, you like fresh food - don't try to look for it here - it is not there, I am silent about seasonal fruits and vegetables, the meat is bad and without choice and is three days old, new dishes are mixed from the day before yesterday, soups are cooked at best and sent back for distribution. The dishes are partially clean and intact. Would you like to have a glass of wine with dinner in the main restaurant? An interesting idea, just know that the waiter will not come to you without baksheesh or pour "something" diluted to the point of water; "freshly squeezed" juices and cocktails are the same diluted "something". Would you like to order something at the bar? The bartender will definitely tell you that it is difficult/takes a long time to cook. And it's not easy to call the bartender when he's constantly on the phone. Want to have a map? There is none. They give you a table at the bar and decorate it somehow - 35€. At least the people around you can look at you, because there is nothing else to look at. Interior. In this hotel in 2024, the plasterwork has already forgotten that it must remain firmly attached to the wall, the “paintings” on the walls... well, these are small things, but they are generated by a neural network with its inherent flaws - well, at least you can laugh. At least for this reason, because there is no animation here. Deluxe room? Don't overpay for a suite in this hotel. Small, the bed is bad, the pillows are stone, the jacuzzi needs to be washed and washed, the windows and balconies are covered in bird droppings - no one will wash anything. There is no sound insulation. On the positive side: we checked in right away - lucky, powerful air conditioning, Bluetooth speaker, regular Wi-Fi, daily replenishment of the minibar, good view of the sea (if the suite is on the upper floors, then the standard has a view of the neighboring hotel/road/parking lot and is barely visible sea according to reviews of neighbors) By the way, about the neighbors - when discussing their vacation they mentioned the same problems. They also believed that if it was Granada, it would certainly be good. For a long time we tried to see only good things in this hotel, we turned to Guest Relation for help - but nothing was resolved, the representative spoke rudely, interrupted us and demanded "to be quiet and listen to her, or even better, smile - it's free, at least be so happy with what you have" It may seem that I have a bad temper or that I am picky, but since I have extensive experience of traveling around the world, the first time I encounter such a blatant case, I am just very angry. Granada Luxury Red is absolutely not worth the money.