1. Yorum: A good hotel, very good services, friendly staff. The food is tasty and for all tastes, you really find something to eat every day without repeating the food. Room cleaning is done daily, as is the change of towels. A bit noisy in the evening for the "sea view" rooms, but until around 11pm. All in all, a resort worth visiting. 2. Yorum: The price is very high, for the services offered The same food every day The staff is ok Italian cuisine is missing a lot 😿 3. Yorum: A resort where everything is superlative, the people at the reception were very kind from check-in to check-out, very delicious varied food, the desserts being in the first place in terms of taste and presentation, (baklava with chocolate🥹 the best) the cleanliness of the hotel and the rooms is very good. The hotel staff is kind and attentive to the cleanliness around the pools. I recommend with confidence! 4. Comment: Close to the city center but with a beautiful private beach 5. Yorum: I didn't like that you were treated differently compared to Russian citizens who of course were the majority in this hotel and left a mess at the hotel staff, the food was almost the same every day, the drink was not of high quality for an ultra all inclusive system, and what not I liked it the most, you were followed all the time by a hotel employee when you were drinking and eating something, otherwise everything was ok! 6. Yorum: Beach, pool, staff ok. Poor cuisine and entertainment. Ideal for families with children and the third age. A plus - few Russian tourists. Tourists from the UK and Germany predominate, quiet and polite. 7. Yorum: The food full of flies being f dangerous dirty room, the beach is not cleaned, bad service and the meal was not ultra as they say 8. Yorum: An oasis of perfect tranquility, ideal for rest.... Services f. b. good accommodation, own beach well laid out, with fine sand and some fine gravel. I recommend! 9. Yorum: I stayed here 7-8 years ago but beautiful and good food. 10. Yorum: Excellent conditions, kindness of the staff, superlative gastronomy. thank you 11. Yorum: Very cool, everything very good 12. Comment: Scuze... there is wifi, very good! 13. Comment: A hotel for an unforgettable vacation 14. Yorum: Quiet, comfortable. 15. Yorum: This is a genuine review, I don't normally do this. However, this holiday had some ups and downs. Food = 3* lived on eggs and pizza chips after my husband had a stomach bug. |Cleanliness ... 16. Yorum: The facility is very family friendly. Very clean and the pool games are very interesting. You can do gymnastics at the pool with Ayse every morning. Highly recommended, she does it wonderfully. The waiters are not the fastest. Cleaning of 10. Fresh, varied, very good food. We will be back!❤️ 17. Yorum: Hotel Bahia Lara is a wonderful hotel at the reception there is an understanding, responsive man named Omer who met our request half way. Excellent beach, easy access to the sea, enough sunbeds. The hotel has a lot of swimming pools and for this reason the beach is not crowded. The hotel plays very good Turkish music and that's how it is, after all we are in Turkey. And the food is beyond praise, good and varied, lots of seafood. Ice cream only by weight and only after lunch - two hours. I wanted ice cream all day and even in bricks. As they say in the family, they are weird, angry, one person with his nasty, rude and indifferent behavior is a girl named Nulva at the beach bar. She would like to work as a housekeeper so that she communicates less with people. And for the rest - everything is fine, everything is fine))) 18. Comment: Hotel where I stayed 8 nights. We are happy and satisfied with our stay. The reception was good, we arrived late and we were quickly brought to eat at the restaurant before it closed, (despite the fact that it was a bit rushed, it was completely … 19. Yorum: Stay in early October 2024 in a double room with sea view and pool view. The food was good (pizza baked on site in an outdoor restaurant by the pool was delicious). Imported spirits available (Malibu, Black Label, Chivas, Jsmeson, Jack Daniels, Absolut and others at a similar price - bartenders make whatever drinks you want Several pools (but the water is a little cold), lots of sunbeds the beach and the pools. Large beach, with sand and gravel. The descent into the water is steep, after about 10 meters the water reaches the neck of an adult. Outside the hotel, there are many shops on the street. Overall, the hotel is very good, deserves 5 stars, without the obligation to wear bracelets. I RECOMMEND.... 20. Yorum: I think the hotel programs are great. Also the food is fantastic. Room cleaning is also very clean and pleasant. |The decor of the hotel is great for couples. The evening show and parties were … 21. Yorum: I stayed with my family at the end of August for 10 days, I had a great vacation. The complex is very well maintained, the rooms are beautiful but the cleanliness is not satisfactory, I reported this to the reception and it was better cleaned, unfortunately, only once. The meals are good, the snacks are varied and excellent, but the dinner buffet is too repetitive, it is noted as a themed buffet but really limited. The best place is the beach bar where you will find the best team of smiling waitresses and waiters and excellent cocktails. I recommend this hotel which is well located. I will be back there on the 22nd. Yorum: I found the hotel very good. The staff was very friendly and always available if you had any questions. Really a great hotel and I would recommend it and the food is great and you have something to eat 24/7. As well as bars 23. Yorum: Great hotel, 4th time here, I still love it. The bartenders are very kind, good service. The cocktails are delicious. The entertainment is pleasant and playful. Unfortunately, the slides are no longer part of the hotel. They changed it to a more childish version, which is not for the better in my opinion, that's the only downside. 24. Yorum: The resort is wonderful and the staff here were friendly. We felt the bathroom could have been cleaner and one of the robes had a lipstick stain on it. The food was delicious especially at the snack bar, very hot and fresh compared to the buffet inside. Then the beach was also wonderful. Overall very nice resort, great weather and would recommend staying here. 25. Yorum: It was a nice vacation 😃 They gave us our room without waiting for the check-in time. The rooms are spacious, clean, comfortable beds, comfortable bathrooms, clean facilities and amenities are renewed every day. The minibar was full every day. Breakfast and meals were delicious and varied. There were all kinds of meat, chicken, fish, vegetables, appetizers, delicious desserts and a variety. Refreshments are various and nice Waiters provide fast service. The staff is friendly The animation events were good, we didn't go to them but watched them and we don't mind. The sea and the pool are clean. The number of sunbeds is sufficient. Applying towels by the pool is nice. Very close to the airport, I got there by taxi in 25 minutes. We left satisfied 😊🤗 we recommend it and we can go again 🙋🏻♀️ 26. Yorum: This is the second time at Baia Lara and we liked it. This time with our children. There is lots to do for kids, the kids club is great. They have a lot of toys to entertain the children, they do daily activities like painting … 27. Yorum: One of the best hotels I've ever been to. Everything was perfect. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. Great food. Themes also very good. I also liked that the music wasn't too loud. Directly on the beach and very clean. Thank you 28. Yorum: We visited this hotel in September 2024 as a family with a 13-year-old child, we are experienced tourists, we have something to compare with, so it will be a detailed and specific review.||Transfer, meeting and reception: The hotel is located in … 29. Yorum: Friendly and enthusiastic staff, despite the end of the season. Delicious food and a range of A-brand drinks. I went for the third time. I was in a lake house. Nice room but WiFi was bad there. |I thought the animation … 30. Yorum: The hotel itself is good, however the cleanliness is not of a great standard. |1 dirty bottom of the pool|2 rooms are not cleaned very well |under the beds are thick with dust (a lot)|3 in the dining area they don't seem to use products of … 31. Yorum: The room allocated to us is small for a couple, we go next to each other (room 1212). For us it is a single room. Mini bar filled every time, you have to check the towels because sometimes they have stains. Sound insulation would ... 32. Yorum: The hotel exceeded all my expectations! I especially enjoyed training in the pool with Aishe's trainers - they are real professionals, the classes were held at the highest level. The food in the restaurants is amazing, … 33. Yorum: The hotel was great. We would come back anytime. The rooms were very spacious and always clean. The entertainment and games were always a lot of fun. Pablo and Sunay in particular always spread a good mood! The food was very tasty and varied. 34. Yorum: I just came back from a 12 day stay, used to Turkey so the food at the hotel was good but often the same things… |The room was clean apart from the full shower with a dirty shower head! The hair did not clean well on the floor, … 35. Comment: Hotel frumos. Beautiful large swimming pool with plenty of sturdy sunbeds. Every morning there is an aquagym provided by Ayse. She also teaches pilates classes. The courses are fun and easy to follow, so … 36. Yorum: First of all, before going to the hotel, we constantly read the comments and tried to get to know the hotel. It was constantly written that there is no service for Turks, the food is bad, the meat is not available. Honestly, I was a bit hesitant, but our room was very nice, the service was absolutely ok, I didn't feel any discrimination, there were staff constantly asking if we needed anything, even if someone saw us as we walked, they greeted us and smiled. There was a lady cleaning the house, she was very polite and asked if there was anything you wanted every day. Or when I asked something, he said "of course we will, don't worry" and was very friendly. For those who said there was no meat available, there was meat every day and it really was nice and delicious. Never leave your smiling face ☺️ 37. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, close to the shopping area and of course a great location by the sea with a good beach. Extra large pool(s) and space for everyone! The food is also good, although there is not much... 38. Yorum: The hotel is in a good location, very luxurious. The pool is one of the biggest pools I have ever seen. Wonderful!! The rooms are large and modern. Unfortunately, the hotel fell short in terms of service. It really needs to be reviewed. Generally, there is a service for foreign tourists. I saw this clearly and heard it from other guests. Unfortunately, the food was the same every day. Its quality deserves only 1 star. Lara is the worst of hotels. We were shocked by the late breakfast. Watermelon and watermelon, a plate of olives, a plate of cheese. Butter and apricot jam, tomatoes and cucumbers in plastic cups, that's it. A presentation that would certainly not suit a 5-star hotel. Except for 2 people, the staff serving at the hotel do not smile. The rooms are modern, but not well cleaned. I experienced 3 different problems in the rooms. Hot water, door didn't close, alarm went off, etc. They play Turkish pop music from the 90s in the pool all day. There could be some change. The activities are very few and unfortunately in the evening amphitheater there are short shows of poor quality. It is a nice place to relax but unfortunately the service, food and facilities were not good. 3 stars for the hotel's architecture, pool and garden. I don't think we will come again. 39. Yorum: The hotel has advantages but also disadvantages. The four of us had booked a family home on the lake with its own terrace where you can jump right into the pool. A fantastic room with 2 separate bedrooms and 2 separate bathrooms, nice and clean. Too bad the pool music was really loud with little variation. From 10:00 to 12:00 the music was very sad. The cottages at the Pier were very nice, too bad I didn't get what I was entitled to for 1 day, the employee wasn't really looking forward to it. We reported this to Guest Relations, but unfortunately no further feedback was received. There was little variety in the food and it was very crowded in the dining room. Entertainment Sea Lounge a fost ok. 1 band was really good. The accommodation was very clean and the service good. We had a nice holiday, but next time we would choose another hotel. 40. Comment: The hotel is disgusting!! the towels smell, the rooms are dirty, they are meant to be cleaned daily, but they only make the bed and put smelly bath towels, there were hair stains in our bed all over the robes, bedding and … 41. Comment: Great hotel, large spacious rooms and friendly staff. Good facilities like pool and beds. Tasty food, only the chicken is a bit dry. Entertainment was good but could have been arranged a bit more professionally. The parties were fun and there was plenty to do every day. 42. Yorum: Nice big hotel, very kind staff, delicious food, we lacked nothing. Nice shops in the area that you can visit on foot or easily take a taxi too. |Definitely worth repeating! |The only downside was that the pool water was a bit cold, I was there at the end of September. 43. Comment: The rooms are big, but the style is outdated. Service was mostly slow everywhere, but everyone was smiling and I never got bad service. The location is excellent, very close to the airport. The beach is not that great and the umbrellas to be exact are the worst I've had in Turkey. The kids loved the holiday though, so they get a lot of things right. The food was excellent, while the desserts were not. 44. Yorum: Hello, It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in in my life. The rooms are not cleaned, you say. Housekeepers say there is a shortage of staff and they can't keep up. The room becomes a disgrace. The hotel does not have a lobby concept, there is only a common area and everyone is crammed in there, you can't find a seat. Even if you find it, it takes an hour for the staff to come to you. The staff who arrive are exhausted and sullen. When you blame them, they give you the wrong answer. There is a Starbucks, a so-called employee is working, there is a queue in front of him, and there are 4-5 types of products in his product range. There is no problem except that the staff brings out 2 glasses in 20 minutes and it is slow. The pools are dirty, never cleaned. I stayed for 5 days and I don't even think that it was chlorinated for 5 days. It's full of rocks and dirt. There is no one by the pool, you go to every place that offers services by yourself. When asked if there is an employee, it is said that there is. But unfortunately, no one is there. The food in the restaurant which is outside the outside dining areas at lunchtime was disgraceful, I ate the rest of the food. There is a place called a snack bar, but the products are ridiculous and have fork marks on them. Trust me, even as I write this, I feel nauseous. They gave me the same lamb tandoori for 3 days. The meals never changed for 5 days. There is never a variety. In short, don't go brother. IT WAS THE WORST HOTEL I've ever been to. If you have a reservation, CANCEL IT. THERE IS NOTHING BUT REGRET. They say it's kid friendly, but there's nothing about kids. There is nothing to distract people. Waiters deal only with foreigners (to receive tips). The sea side is normal as it should be. You guessed it, there is no service there. etc etc I'm not giving up my money. I hope you don't see anything good. you are a shame... 45. Comment: What a great hotel. First of all, the staff was generally kind and we were pleased with the kindness shown to the Turkish guests in particular. In summary, we are satisfied with everything except the dinner. We liked that they were solution oriented when things went wrong. Many thanks to Mr. Suha, from the animation department, for his kindness and courtesy, because he put a lot of effort into the music, helped us and confirmed us while we were trying to get to the DJ. 46. Comment: Hotel Baialara offers various very fun activities. The location is excellent, right on the beach. The food is very tasty and they also offer a good selection. The animators are very nice and funny. They make us all laugh. 47. Yorum: The hotel food was very good. The sizes of the pools are sufficient. The rooms were clean, the cleaning services pleasant. The animation team made sure we had fun at the pool. It was great fun playing pool, … 48. Yorum: I have been to the bathroom about 5-6 times, but this time a bit disappointed, the standards have dropped a bit, the cleanliness is not very good, dust under the beds, the restaurant is not clean, the tables are not cleaned with spray & the slow cleaning of the tables, the service... 49. Yorum: Nice room with sea view. Wide range of food and drinks. There are plenty of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The facilities are well organized and there is something to do every day. In terms of music, there may be a little more variety. In short, highly recommended for a wonderful holiday. 50. Comment: Minunata sala de sport. In the pool. Good hotel bathroom.|Show gord|Toilet ok, nice and big rooms. Delicious food, the choice is huge..|There is also the possibility to eat everywhere outside.|Great pools|Now in season. Early October 28 degrees.|Great reception 51. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and 8 days. After inquiring a week in advance about a room with a sea view, the tour operator did not respond. After showing the email to the reception, we were told that they didn't receive one... after a long discussion, it seems that there was a room available (it seems that the hotel was at maximum capacity all the time). The room corresponded to the Turkish standard, very small balcony with maximum space for 2 people. The lobby is very noisy, you can hear every door and every step when you walk by, which is quite annoying, especially at night. The evening program, which was always supposed to start at 21:30 (much too late for us), sometimes didn't start until around 22:00. The hotel is more suitable for older people who want to be quieter, but it is not recommended for young people! The food was excellent. Breakfast, dinner and snacks were really great. Lots of choices, something for everyone. The journey from the airport is relatively relaxed, but the options outside are quite limited compared to Side. Unfortunately, the staff made a rather unmotivated impression, but that could also be at the end of the season. 52. Yorum: Unfortunately, the hotel did not meet our expectations. As a family we have been used to different hotels in Antalya for years, but Hotel Baia was a big disappointment. The hotel has a nice appearance and looks clean. Although the pool is big and beautiful, there are rocks and sand. It is quiet around the pool and water activities are limited. The entertainment team consists of only three people and they seem surprised that no one is participating in their activities. However, given the poor offering, it's understandable that guests aren't enthusiastic. There is only one speaker, which makes it too loud on one side of the pool, while on the other side you can hardly hear anything. The music is old and repeated every day; especially Turkish hits from the 90s. The food was monotonous, not fresh and caused stomach complaints every day. The "late breakfast" was a huge disappointment; the offer was limited and very simple. Our room was barely cleaned and the bathroom was moldy. In another room there was no hot water and the door to the room did not close properly causing them to creak all the time. In addition, I noticed that the staff were more friendly to foreign tourists, while Turkish guests were often ignored. This behavior was confirmed by the staff themselves, who indicated that other Turkish families had complained about this. Apparently they did this in hopes of getting more tips from tourists. There were 2 employees (Firat and the other one, I don't know her name) they were very sweet. Finally, shockingly, the lobby staff simply turned off the lights and shouted, "Everybody out!" The children's pool, slides and theater are strangely all in front of the hotel, which is inconvenient. There was also almost no entertainment or activities in the evening. I would recommend this hotel only to people who are looking for quiet in a hotel without activities and don't have high expectations. 53. Yorum: We liked the hotel in general. The animations and activities in the kids club were especially fun. I would like to thank Ms. Ayşe from Animation for the interest shown. I would also like to thank Ms. Serenay from … 54. Yorum: The hotel is very good, I was here 6 years ago, now I'm back with my family. The facility and the staff are great, as is the food, which is varied and of very good quality. The evening show and the mining staff are very kind. We will definitely come again. 55. Yorum: This is the second year we come here as a family, we love this hotel. Great value, great facilities, all the staff are really friendly and helpful and very welcoming, the Pool is great and I especially liked the … 56. Yorum: All in all I had a pleasant vacation. The entertainment events were very good, did not disturb the non-participants and were fun activities. Having a kid-free pool is a big plus. The sea is clean. The number of sunbeds is very sufficient. The variety of food is good. The staff is friendly. The rooms are large, comfortable and clean. As for the negatives; The number of staff could be increased, they had difficulty keeping up even if it was not busy. Salads, cheeses, etc. were discovered in open buffets. Like hot meals, they should also be served in covered containers to prevent problems like hair, flies, etc. An area of ​​shade should be created while walking from the hotel to the sea. It is very difficult to walk under the sun at 42 degrees. Also the elevator system is terrible It broke on our first night and we had to climb 7 flights of stairs to our room. Even if the elevators are full, they stop at every floor, which slows the system down a lot. I hope there is a solution to this problem. All in all, I had a pleasant vacation. It is a good hotel in terms of price/performance. 57. Comment: The hotel is beautiful. But not only music is good on the beach. The food was not very good. The evening entertainment was very good, it was especially very friendly. 58. Yorum: It's an absolutely terrible hotel, ultra all inclusive, you know, you cook yourself and wait in line I chose a family room so that everyone is together and privileged, as you know, it's a public beach where they fight with camels. What a family place these are. I paid so much money for this place to see these pictures, I would go to the public beach with your money, it's a shame, it's literally not cleaned, they don't come even when I tell them. I definitely do not recommend 59. Yorum: The hotel is very very nice. |There is good food and plenty of options around the clock. |There are various entertainment offers from Monday to Saturday. Sunay and Pablo especially always brought a good mood and encouraged everyone to do so. 60. Yorum: Nice hotel with its own section of beach. The pool area is lovely and has a 24/7 beach bar. Lunch is the best meal of the day and it's wonderful. The pizzas are excellent. The rooms were lovely and of a high standard of cleanliness. Overall a nice and relaxing holiday. 61. Yorum: Very satisfied, delicious (many) food and drinks Big compliment to the yoga teacher!!! The only downside is the frequent insistence on full (expensive) wellness packages. 62. Comment: At stat between 17.06 - 21.06. I would like to thank everyone in turn, from the hotel staff who received our first vehicle to the reception, from the housekeeping team to the restaurant, from the bar to the entertainment team. I did not expect to meet such a caring and friendly hotel. Every table was filled with dishes for every taste. The hotel is a complete family hotel and friendly for people with disabilities. Ramps, lifts, sunbeds, careful steps in the pool... The night activists and daytime activities at the hotel are all great fun and help you have a great time. In such a complex, there was no chance for me to get bored, hungry or demoralized. The only issue that wasn't a problem for me was that the left side of the pier was constantly dirty and the sea was incredibly rocky when swimming in the sea, but that wasn't a big problem for me. Thank you again and again for your interest and work. 63. Yorum: They helped us spend our family vacation in the most pleasant way, without any inconvenience. I didn't want to leave it without commenting on its kind and friendly staff, clean, spacious and comfortable room and delicious and varied meals. I will recommend it to everyone. Many thanks to the hotel staff and management 💐 64. Yorum: Very kind staff - respect!!! Abundant and tasty food and drink - coffee, alcohol from all over the world available all day. Air-conditioned rooms, cleaned and replenished daily. Spacious balconies with chairs. There are lots of shops around the hotel. The slides are weak and probably only for kids. Sandy beach with sunbeds. Nice bridge. You can also jump into the pool from the jetty. Not much animation and activities. There are very few sunbeds at the pools in relation to the number of guests - you have to sit down early in the morning. 65. Comment: Good hotel for 10 days of ideal relaxation. The food is good and of relatively high quality. The facility is quite basic and less than compelling, but the bar by the sea is very open, comfortable and invites you to linger. As most people relax by the pool, it was very quiet by the sea, which we thought was great. The snack bar which is close to the sea is also great and has everything your heart desires from meat to salads so we didn't go to the main restaurant once for lunch. If you think it's important: alcohol consists almost exclusively of brands. Among others, whiskey, rum, vodka, etc., which certainly speaks for a certain quality. Some of the staff are untrained, some don't clean all the plates or only on request. Sometimes the waiters go back and forth and don't take plates (especially in the snack bar by the sea - not the bar!). I think it's more of a management thing. The animators are also very relaxed compared to other hotels and are rather minimalistic when it comes to work - on the other hand, due to their flexibility, the animators are always in contact with the guests. So you can spend great minutes or hours with one or more entertainers - either at the pool or in the complex. It was very personal and therefore a good thing. The specialty coffee is also a highlight as they serve very tasty coffee, especially cold coffee. What is less pleasant are the costs or prices, for example, of a flower service in a hotel (from 80 EUR for a simple bouquet) or a visit to the doctor where every scratch is tried immediately to get the maximum of treatment costs. (sorry, but this also checks). You realize that ultimately every business is about maximizing profits. On the other hand, as already mentioned, the quality of food and drinks is good for an all inclusive. Which I highly recommend the hotel maintain. Despite the expensive price, I would like to thank you for the wonderful time and I would especially like to thank the following people for their great service and good friendship during your stay: Mecit Takar (an excellent young waiter with a very good sense of the guests' needs) Sercan Çelebi (also a young waiter with a good understanding of quality gastronomy) Yusuf, Murat and all the other animators of everyday positivity. There were many other great people on staff. 66. Yorum: A super nice place to spend your vacation with family or friends. Super tasty food and drinks. Very nice games organized by the entertainment team including Omer and Sunay. Very fun and friendly. Definitely recommended! 67. Yorum: Grozav 🤩 |The hotel is great, well located.|For families with children it is great 🌟this is the first time I left my daughter at a kids club and she loved it. Super nice managers, several activities every day, mini disco, diversity in entertainment. Honestly, I was delighted | I recommend 5🌟 … 68. Yorum: The hotel is generally nice, the rooms are too, but the activities are extremely limited and boring. My friends at all the bars are inexperienced, I haven't been able to drink a good cocktail for days, and even though all the products are bottled and labeled, I can't make a mix. The toilets by the pool don't work, the water is always hot The cleaning staff only leave the rooms by straightening the top sheets. Even my baby's dirty sheets were not changed There is no general lighting in the hotel. As we sit in the lobby drinking coffee, I have the staff turn on the lights. While the hotel is so crowded, it can be made more lively and pleasant. 69. Yorum: It is really a quality hotel. The variety and taste of the food was incredible. The activity programs were full. Being close to the airport is a big plus. We really liked how friendly the staff was. Thank you for everything. 70. Yorum: Foreigners have priority in the hotel They don't care about their attitudes, their actions and who is right, unfortunately we are the foreigners in our own country they told us they could arrange another sunbed for us. The reason was because of the T-shirt on the table. 71. Yorum: The hotel has a nice location, the reception is very helpful, it could be better in terms of cleanliness. Sheets should be changed every day. The food is the same every day, there is nothing different. They can be special nights. There is very little animation during the day, only in the pool hall. And the waiters are very bad, they are very attentive to foreigners but indifferent to Turks. It's like they force us to serve. You ask for service, I almost beat you. It should improve more. 72. Yorum: Very nice pilates lesson by teacher Ayşe, very friendly good location in the hotel...fitness center also in order.. the food is great.. nice big rooms and very friendly staff … just a bit too many kids in october .. I had this, it wasn't understood 73. Yorum: I arrived at the hotel at five in the evening, check-in was immediate, there was a Russian-speaking girl at the reception. All two weeks we relaxed body and soul, there are always free places on the beach, there is no rush in the bars, the staff of ... 74. Yorum: Really great hotel - great selection of food, drinks (all branded spirits), clean rooms, great pools and amazing entertainment team. Special thanks to the little boy and all the lovely girls in the kids club who do amazing activities for little people all day. Thank you 75. Comment: Hotel Baia Lara was incredible! We were so sad that we had to leave. Everything was perfect, the service, facilities and variety of restaurants were incredible. 100% recommended for an exceptional vacation with family and friends!! Even the entertainers and staff were super nice and cool!! 😍 … 76. Yorum: Nice hotel, it was another great vacation. |Gülhan (the lady at the towel rack) is super nice! |Nice pools, great drinks.🍷 Would love to come back to the hotel. |A large selection of food and drinks. The service was also top notch and friendly … 77. Yorum: Located about 20 minutes from the airport, this "Super All-Inclusive" hotel boasts some amazing views (Suer all-inclusive basically means it's all branded drinks). The main pool was huge and never seemed overcrowded (traveled in August). The rooms were nice and spacious, although not the best view (I was located at the front of the hotel). The service was fantastic throughout and once you tip the waiters they are very quick to ensure you are served again, although you never waited more than 3 minutes anyway. The food was delicious with a wide range of options at lunch and dinner, especially (use the a la carte restaurant) at lunchtime and it's free instead of in the evening where it's €25. Also a handy little Starbucks stand which is included in the All Inclusive price just outside the back doors. I will definitely be back... I liked it! 78. Yorum: First, let me tell you about my bad experiences. Receptionist and HK friends are no help. There was a nail stuck in the tire of my car My car is new I have been through everything at least this is their responsibility at least find someone there because of my car I gave to the hotel just because of these mistakes. We went on vacation, take care of it to be destroyed, but their tire broke. I tell the hotel, "My room is not cleaned properly, look, the apple I put when I came in is there and it says you complained about me." Like, it's the same bathrobe from start to finish, but I complained. Silly, I had a 4 day holiday but it was a hotel that made me leave. The entertainer friends and other waiters and staff were very interested, but let me tell you that the holiday is quiet from start to finish. If we take that as a base in this hotel, it was 40% and no problem other than wasted money. 79. Yorum: First of all, we really liked the Baia Lara hotel. It was a great advantage that the number of Arab guests was small in the hotel where we stayed between 11-14 / 07.2024. as there is a large Arab population in many hotels in the Lara region. The hotel is very useful in terms of pool, food and rooms Drinks are original and can be found in almost every bar. The night programs are poor and insufficient compared to the level of Lara's amphitheater performance area). If I have to make a single criticism of the hotel, the hotel pool was covered with sand for 4 days. It was incredible that it wasn't vacuumed even for a single day (it was still sand when we entered at 6 in the morning). 80. Yorum: Very nice, Ayse gives very nice lessons, super fun, you feel very satisfied afterwards | 81. Yorum: We made a reservation for 2 adults and 2 children in a standard room and stayed at the hotel today. But unfortunately the rooms are not big so we could not feel comfortable On our insistence we moved to room 3106 but this room also has a sofa instead of an extra bed but my daughter says that you will not sleep here. because it is too heavy and not comfortable. It is standard for families who will come to this hotel with 2 children. The rooms are not comfortable at all. 82. Yorum: Overall a nice hotel, the sea view rooms are nice but the bathroom for the size of the room is a bit disappointing. 10/10 Pool outside areas as well as sunbeds and beach are also good. Bars are all around the pools and indoors are good. Hallways to the room might have to do with being smarter. The restaurants around the pool area, once a good idea, help you choose a lot of pizzas made for you, absolutely wonderful. Evening restaurant not sure first of all better to be seated rather than find a seat that hasn't been released it's buffet too but plenty of choice and breakfast with nice food for me it's a big deal because apart from fried egg and beans you'll have" I can't find your traditional breakfast but you can buy with scrambled eggs or danish etc. The shows are very good, the entertainment and the staff very kind 83. Yorum: The hotel was super nice, butterfly shaped from the outside. The staff were all super friendly and accommodating. Unfortunately, the food was a little cold, but it tasted great and was varied. 84. Yorum: I have 3 criticisms of the hotel, regarding the staff, the rooms and the food is quite adequate and nice. The nuts served with alcohol at the bar are old. Lifts are highly anticipated during busy periods. And at the beach, the water suddenly gets deeper. Other than that, everything was good, I recommend it. 85. Yorum: The employees are friendly and do their job well. The activities are fun. The variety of the minibar is also insufficient. The price cannot be called reasonable, in general foreign tourists have the same vacation at a more affordable price than us. 86. Yorum: Excellent facilities for all ages, massive variety of daily food. I arrived late on Saturday evening, I found stains in the toilet, I didn't immediately signal that it was late, the cleaners came on Sunday but didn't clean the stains! On Monday they cleaned the room, but did not leave towels.. next day money disappeared from room, reported to front desk, said cleaners must have thought i left it as a tip, said they would look into it, tried to talk to management every day for 3 days, but they didn't want to know. 87. Comment: The hotel looks nice... but definitely not a 5* my main concern was how dirty the blocked shower was, fixed it after 5 days.. The beds were made and the sink cleaned, but that was all... maybe not. receive … 88. Yorum: I had a disappointing experience at Baia Lara. The rooms were poorly cleaned and on at least two occasions the cleaning staff entered my room while my family and I were still sleeping. The check-in process was chaotic and the staff was very unprofessional. Entertainment for both adults and children was also very poor. I do not recommend this hotel and will not return. 89. Yorum: It's been 2 days since I came back from the hotel and I still can't forget the mediocrity of the staff, constantly fighting with each other and using slang words in a disturbingly loud way I went there because it was kid friendly , from the children's pool slide, there was no water flow, we had to water it with our hands and our children could slide like that. One day, the hotel served them the normal barbecue and turned it into a juicy meal. I use all the leftovers Desserts are the same and very bad. We are tired of eating stale nuts with alcohol and drinks every day. They have a water park Since the water flows everywhere it hurts like hell It's an auqapark with a depth of 0.25 cm but it's only the size of an ice cream section and has no seating area. It's right in the lobby. The shampoo they give in the rooms I don't understand why they charge so much money. even if there are events, it literally saves electricity It takes about half an hour to get there and the water that flows from the shower in the rooms flows a little more than the water with which we cleaned ourselves in front of the sea, I felt the need to comment on a hotel so that those who want to go do not make the same mistake as us. 90. Comment: Hotel super frumos. Welcome on arrival at the hotel. The food is always delicious and hot. I absolutely cannot understand the negative reviews. The beach and the whole area are very clean and well maintained. The only drawback is the rooms without a balcony, but since you don't stay in the room for a long time, it's ok. 91. Yorum: I stayed years ago and wow has it gone downhill, the rooms were absolutely filthy, they were bitten every night, bed bugs? The cockroach stuck in the air on the wall! cleaners didn't clean it was pure filth see pictures Towels wow don't get me started! more like cloths if you are booked to stay get some towels for your room there dirty and smelly see pictures the hair conditioner and body lotion were the same ?? the front desk staff asked me to pay before leaving and was very rude about it, I said I'm not checking out yet but they insisted I paid immediately? €10 euro per hour for late payment Food has been considered vegetarian unless you want pizza chips and salad for lunch and dinner, no variations. Also, like a storm in the cattle market, there are plates piled up so high they were coming off, the corridor smells so bad, outside your room, we took some car air fresheners with us to hang in our room! As you read google reviews the day before .. I could go on, but you're drifting! The towel lady in the morning was nice, the only genuine member of staff there, shame… 92. Yorum: We stayed on 24 SEPTEMBER 28 SEPTEMBER 2024, contrary to the comments, the service is good, but we can not sleep at night because of the music of the next hotel, may be the reason why we do not come, precautions must be taken, the sound does not stop before from 2am, even if we close the windows and doors, it doesn't work, and even though we asked, the torn bed linen was not changed, not befitting a 5 star hotel, anyway you get your money. 93. Yorum: We were very pleased with Bailara, which we experienced for the first time on vacation. The cleaning service, the nightly entertainment and above all the friendliness of all the staff was wonderful and the food was much better than most of the famous hotels we visited, I will recommend it and come back for us. 94. Yorum: I would like to evaluate everything one by one so that those who want to go can easily decide and go. The staff were very polite and well behaved, it was a shame for the floor cleaners to enter the room without knowing private areas, the common area was very small, the food was cold every day, so I didn't eat decently. the meal as you know the drinks were a hit and the fun on sunday was the staff day off so the hotel is boring i don't go 95 anymore. Yorum: Modern hotel with all the comfort of a 5 star in Türkiye. Very nice beach and pool, but difficult to get a sunbed around the pool without waking up at dawn. I was very surprised by the quality of the buffet with a very large range, it was very good. The only negative point is the staff, not very friendly. 96. Yorum: We are on a family vacation for the second year in a row and it's great. The food was very good and varied. Any drinks you want and most importantly original alcoholic drinks and soft drinks. It is clean, the service is very nice. The beach is huge and full of sunbeds and there are plenty by the pool. A hotel worth recommending 97. Yorum: Everything is just great! The hotel is great! Huge pool. Sports games on the water! Arif Sunay suha berken pickled wonderful team! The food is very tasty, especially the dinners are very varied. In the evening there is a disco next to … 98. Yorum: The use of the hotel, the width of the venue, the organization was very good The attention of the staff was very good, do not pay attention to the comments, they said that foreign staff are given more attention, but it was not like. … 99. Yorum: A great place, but quite crowded. The whole place was flawless! Outside areas, rooms, bar/restaurant areas too. Eyup was always there with the tray and the brush! He was like a cleaning ninja in silence! To be honest all this place needs is more slides for the kids as the place next door (wings) has awesome slides. Stupid things mattered... Bacon! And it would be great to have a cider on tap here, but that's my 100 opinion. Comment: Think twice! Don't believe all the 5* ratings on TripAdvisor. They arrange people to post positive stories. Pro - Staff (those who work, others make promises they forget. - Very friendly customer relations. The reception is also helpful. - Lots of different dishes, but if you want it hot: forget it. - Entertainment team - Entertainment schedule - Nice slide park for younger kids Cons - AC is a joke. When you remove your roommate from the mount, it stops (normally). In August, the temperature in the room will rise to 32 degrees. Needs 2 days Non stop, full power to return to 22 degrees. We couldn't get it down... - Lack of staff. Some waiters run around like the devil is after them, but they simply lack the wait staff. It is difficult to get a clean table. Bring your own drinks if you want them cold or hot. - Game room, you pay to play. Even normal games (pool tables, basketball, air hockey). - Availability of beds around the pool thanks to the use of towel cards. People claiming beds (all full around 8.30am). Management Tip: Stop using towel cards and let staff walk around and remove towels that aren't used for more than 2 hours. Take a look at other nearby hotels and learn. - It is difficult to find a table at the restaurant during dinner. - There is a lot of food to choose from. The problem for the buffet is that the chefs start baking and cooking around 6pm. The buffet opens at 19.00. The system to keep the food warm enough is outdated and not working. In the morning you can get hot eggs because they use "live cooking". I even saw chefs using both hands to fill serving trays with chicken. - Also, the situation of the buffet (the main restaurant) makes queuing normal. The side effect is that even the "not so hot" food is cold as soon as you find a table. - The hotel rooms are outdated. The TVs are antique (guess they're worth some money at a retro auction) and the fridge barely works (needs defrosting). Some cans and juice are refilled every day but it's so 90s… no snacks or anything else in your room. At least not "Ultra". - Also, the lack of an iron is remarkable. - Cleanliness: the rooms are not so clean. Taller items (wall art) with a lot of dust on it. There doesn't seem to be any kind of quality control. Maybe the cleaning staff has too little time to clean the rooms. At least the cleaning staff is very nice. - Separation doors in the family room cannot be locked. - Swimming pools need maintenance. Very sharp tiles as many joints are gone. - There is a lot of loud noise (music, shouting) from other hotels until 2.30am. Not so comfortable if you want to sleep or have children who need to sleep. Earplugs are recommended! My opinion: it seems that 'ultra' was lost a long time ago. Maybe due to understaffing and cost cutting. It is only an "all inclusive". Even you can discuss "everything". Maybe it's more of a "more" For us it's just once, but never again. The sleepless nights made us want to leave this place as soon as possible. We initially tried to find another hotel but were unsuccessful. So there is no other option but to cancel my stay and go home 4 days early. Rather pay €1250 for extra tickets then stay an extra day. 101. Yorum: Hello, your hotel and services. they are excellent and the staff provide such honest service. I would like to mention one thing in particular, there is a lady Gulhan in the towel section, I could see every beauty in her, she has a sincere smile and a nice welcome, she gave short and concise answers to everything I asked about the hotel I hope she we will meet again at the hotel next time. Gold.. Berlin Germania Family 102. Yorum: Visited September 2023 for 10 days for honeymoon. You have nothing bad to say about the hotel! It was beautiful, the staff were really friendly and the all inclusive food and drink was great! They decorated our room with hearts and balloons which was a lovely touch. The pool area was clean and the bar staff will come to take your orders. The food by the bar was amazing, we especially loved the fresh pizza! The entertainment was always pretty good, from dance performances to live bands. Evening food had good choices and themed nights, however if you are a bit picky like us there are still classics like chicken, chips, salad etc. The location was great, shops right outside on the street. I recommend with confidence to anyone who wants to go on vacation in the Antalya area! 103. Yorum: This is our second visit to the hotel, this time with our 4 year old child I was so unhappy that I don't know where to start cleaning the room and it was not good the tables were a complete mess, can you wait long queues to get your food The waiters are not very attentive anyway, I think there are only a few employees, because it is so hot You are in a thermal hotel, if you want to buy Starbucks coffee, you have to queue every day. t sleep because of the noise It was such a bad holiday that for the first time I wasn't sad to see it end. 104. Yorum: The hotel was generally a nice and quiet hotel. I stayed 4 nights. We can say that it is a mediocre family hotel with children. The food is delicious and the variety is quite sufficient, especially in the restaurant section, we would like to thank chef Güneş Bey and Ali Bey for their dedicated work. We would like to thank Melike and Asli Hanım from customer relations for their solution-oriented approach to a problem that arose in the hotel. It was a nice and kind gesture to reserve a table and decorate a special cake for the hotel's birthday. Overall, it's a nice hotel, but we think it could be better, especially if the evening shows are rushed. 105. Yorum: I stayed at Baia Lara for a week this April with my partner and my two children (20 and 14). The hotel is beautiful, modern and spotlessly clean, including the room and public areas. The staff, without exception, were helpful, courteous, efficient and professional. The hotel was quite quiet when we were there so we had no problems at the restaurant or getting a sunbed etc. Beautifully presented and always hot and fresh. I didn't feel the need to try the specialty restaurants. The pool area is amazing and kept exceptionally clean and tidy. The waiters (on blades) are extremely attentive and we rarely had to go to the pool bar alone. A short walk to the beach leads to a nice jetty with several sunbeds and access to swim in the sea. The water sports nearby were well run and varied. A beautiful hotel, stunning setting, exceptional staff and a wonderful week had by all. 106. Yorum: We are very satisfied with the hotel, especially the towel rental lady Gülhan Hanim was very friendly and helpful. The food was simply delicious and very diverse. The hotel is clean and very nice would come again and again 107. Comment: too few staff in the pool area. There are only two skate waiters driving around who are only visible every hour. The breakfast selection for late risers is disastrous. Each three-star hotel has a larger selection. The snack bar at lunch is perfect. In the evening, various grilled dishes are served cold. The reception staff are very helpful and deserve praise. The rooms are big and very clean. The pool area is great. In general, however, I have no spare left. 108. Yorum: Superb hotel, really magnificent, only the waiters if you don't tip them come to serve you after everyone else so some tips if you go there, tip. On the massage side: he asked me 300€ for a massage? I who thought everything was included? Anyway, the sincerity of some people needs to be reconsidered, otherwise everything was superb, the cleaning lady was super nice, every evening there was quite an interesting activity with the singers, etc. 109. Yorum: An excellent hotel, especially the staff is very attentive and respectful. I would like to thank my brother Vedat for his interest in sea lounge bar is not bad either, it is a hotel that I will recommend for children and families. 110. Yorum: I really liked it, all the staff were very attentive, but only one of them did water gymnastics with our trainer Ayşe, which was wonderful, the staff was friendly But the downside is that there is no dance club at the hotel , at the pool, and the announcements are very lacking and are only made in the morning. 111. Yorum: Where is the hotel management looking for?? Your employees don't care about the guests at all. The service is the worst. I've never seen anything like it anywhere. There is no longer any desire to come to this country.|No one is trying: not even the team of … 112. Yorum: This is a very bad place. Terribly bad noise insulation, I heard my neighbors having sex, my money was stolen, the hotel has very bad music, only turkish music can be heard, it is not comfortable. The staff is terrible, sometimes they refuse simple requests, namely: calling a taxi, food in the room, etc. And if anything they didn't return our money! This hotel does not deserve 5 stars, I do not recommend it! 113. Yorum: Thank you to the hotel for a wonderful stay. Everything is great. The food is delicious, great entertainment, nice hotel. Great area. We will come here again. I recommend it to everyone. The hotel area is excellent, there are many slides for children and a bar open 24 hours a day for adults. 114. Yorum: I just arrived a few hours ago with my family and it's terrible. The staff is so unfriendly and the hotel has not answered some questions for weeks. Pavilions are a complete scam! As a family of 5 we weren't allowed into one pavilion but had to book two and split up. One room was dirty and the second room smelled of mold. We were really looking forward to this vacation, but from the first meeting at the front desk with the unfriendly employee, we all lost interest. Not recommended. 115. Yorum: I don't know where to start. It's the second day at the hotel I even had to buy water from the restaurant, there was a queue of 50 people. Unfortunately the food is too much Actually it was a sushi night it was the worst sushi I have ever had. The watermelon is extraordinary. I can say that it is of normal quality. I woke up at 7:30 in the morning to look for a place, but 50 percent of the pool was full. If you wake up at 9-10, it's impossible to find a place. I wanted you to know this, I can't comment but the other drinks have no taste 4-5 food stalls It was the worst restaurant I have ever seen in my life my daughter. I'm going to try Starbucks today. The pool is very dirty and old It comes directly from the sea and into the pool it is very clean except for the bathroom the plumber came and replaced the pipe. The relations with the guests are very polite and they answer all your questions, about the dirt at the pool and especially about the food. If so, I made a mistake so you don't make the same mistake, especially as long as they are employed. 116. Yorum: I stayed here for a few days and had a great time. Miss Sofia at guest relations was especially helpful during our stay. The staff is kind and we were very satisfied with this hotel. I recommend it with confidence. 117. Yorum: I came to this hotel for the first time, I was very satisfied, I came for 3 days, it was a very short vacation, but we liked to relax. All the staff were very attentive and the food was amazing, more chose the sports animator Ayşe, she is a very friendly person, the sport was very pleasant for us. 118. Yorum: Maximum Disaster 10 Unfortunately, the first impression of whoops is quickly followed by ugh! The cleanliness of the halls and rooms leaves much to be desired. Dirt from the previous person is distributed in corners or on pillows from b to b. A certificate would say "they always tried hard". German is only spoken by a few employees, so you usually have to make do with your hands and feet or bits and pieces of a variety of languages. Very little is explained to you when you arrive. When there is something to eat, but not where. You have to find the processes, the places and the ways in which you can find something yourself. The waiters in the restaurant, which resembles a completely overcrowded railway station, are hopelessly overwhelmed by the number of guests and have to run from one table to another, but they are still as friendly as possible in the hustle and bustle. Little attention is given to small children. When in doubt, they are simply pushed by both other guests and staff. Whether you have a full plate or an ice cream in your hand, it doesn't matter. The rule here is that everyone is their neighbor. The ladies at the mini club are friendly, but they don't speak German at all. Which is an absolute no-no for a German kindergartener who logically speaks neither English nor Turkish. The gentlemen at the pool bar eventually explained to us how to get to the MiniDisco with hands, feet and a few scraps of English. The beach with fine sand, as described in the hotel description, is only good at the beginning and becomes coarser and more pebbly towards the sea. The only thing I can rate positively is the really spacious pool area where you can swim and splash wonderfully. But the other defects cannot be eliminated. The water depth is 1.40 m almost everywhere. However, if you think that you can relax in this hotel and find peace in the evening when your child finally sleeps, it is not the case!!! Rämmidemmi is the order of the day here. If not from your own hotel, then from the one in the immediate vicinity. And the music, which is way too loud, doesn't end at 10 or 11 pm, which would be perfectly acceptable, no, it ends at 1 am at the earliest!!!! When you have a noise-sensitive child with you, it's not exactly a walk in the park! Also, there were no complaints about this at the reception. These were accepted with a shrug, but were neither forwarded nor could anything be done about it. Called the police about disturbing the peace at night, the night porter just shook his head with a cold smile. The suggestion that soundproof discotheques were invented specifically for such a thing was also laughable. My conclusion as a mother with a 5-year-old child: Hotel Once Baia Lara NEVER AGAIN Baia Lara!!! 119. Yorum: Don't waste your money here. The rooms smell of cigarettes and are outdated. Like living back in time. They do not provide an iron for 'fire safety' reasons, but are happy to provide trays for room inquiries. When I asked that I want to iron my clothes, they charge you rather than being able to go into the laundromat and iron yourself. Just a way to get more money from an already overpriced and outdated hotel. Nothing like the pictures you see on the internet. My kids got food poisoning from food that happens every day! They may come in many varieties, but they taste like garbage and not at all fresh. 120. Yorum: Watch out for food poisoning at this hotel! We were a group of 10 people and we all got food poisoning and got really sick. They used the same menu every day. The room service was very bad. They even closed the pier before sunset! The staff was polite and that is the only good point of this hotel. I do not recommend this hotel at all! 121. Yorum: The hotel is, in general, a performing hotel for the price. It's very hard to please people, and the staff knows this, so they don't know where to turn. There is nothing to say about the food, it is really good, but even after the capacity of the hotel in April, the number of working staff is low. The employees are unhappy, the fatigue is visible on their faces, and when we needed something, we went and solved it ourselves. Other than that, I think there are not enough activities for kids, which I attribute to the fact that the weather is still a bit chilly, but the activities at the hotel next door didn't end from morning to night. The lighting of the children's playground is very poor, it is literally pitch black, think it is unusable when it gets dark. Before I forget, their tea is incredibly bad, it tastes like you're drinking something with detergent. Apart from all these things that need improvement, if you don't have very high expectations in general, you can be satisfied. 122. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel, everyone was very friendly, the food and entertainment were very good, the water sports were very professional, the trainer who did the water gym was very nice, it is a facility that I can definitely recommend. We were very satisfied with the service and hygiene. 123. Yorum: Nice hotel, just a shame you have to take out the towels at 6:45 in high season! And that there are people who leave in the evening and only come in the afternoon, to ban it!! And at the supermarket in the hotel I found out that the man who works there charges different prices... So they try to cheat you, otherwise a great hotel 124. Yorum: I am currently resting in this hotel, 15.06.2024. There are no nets in the rooms, I left the windows open, the mosquitoes didn't let me sleep all night, they bit me. The pillows are very hard, my neck already hurts. The staff is not particularly polite, aggressive. They are reluctant to respond to complaints. 125. Yorum: It was a hotel we stayed in before and we liked it. He continues without breaking his line. The staff, food and facilities are very good. The performance hotel at the price that will always be preferred, except for the sea. Better health. 126. Review: Very chic hotel. The only thing that bothered me is that the waiters are much nicer to women and they are always served first. Every customer should be treated equally. This was the hotel with the most boring stage so far. There is almost nothing for adults there. And when there is something, it's boring. Most of the time you are on your own in the hotel. So there are almost no jobs there. This is very different in other hotels. There are 5 stars only for the food. You can't complain about that. All fresh and top 127. Yorum: My first day was at the hotel where I will stay between 07.01.2024 and 07.05.2024. And my comments; If you come with your child, there will be no sound of music in the room. There are no screens on the balconies, so you can't open them. Although it was a UHD hotel, I asked for water from the reception at 9:30 pm in the evening I did not find water in the hotel, they said that the bars were closed. In general, there is a problem of hygiene and garbage in the hotel. 128. Yorum: I am currently staying at the hotel. The entertainment for children ends at 9:30 and the mini club is not open in the evening. The breakfast and snack bars are nice. The dinner is not bad, the rooms are clean, in general it is a new hotel, the beach and the pools are nice, the Aquapark is very nice, but the Turks, mostly foreigners, can feel foreign :) Number of staff should increase There is a serious problem finding sunbeds by the pool However I liked it nice Hotels I stayed in sueno titanic Papillon 129. Comment: The hotel was very clean and located very close to the airport. But the most important part for me was the mini club section. I went with my daughter with a broken arm, and when we were wondering how the child can have fun with limited movements, the mini club sisters came to the rescue. They were all related to each other. We would like to give a special thanks to the 130 miniclub. Yorum: I spent a week in this wonderful hotel. I can wholeheartedly recommend it! Rooms were very clean Plenty of perfectly seasoned food First class drinks A paradise for kids I have never experienced such friendly service 8th stay in Turkey and I can say this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and which I will definitely come back to 131. Yorum: The rooms are good, but the bathroom is not so clean 132. Yorum: The rooms are too small and already need renovation, the beach is not very good because the entrance to the sea is not gradual but immediately steep. There is a Starbucks in the hotel which is great for kids, the food is almost always the same, there is almost nothing to change, no seats by the pool at 8:30 or on the beach. Compared to other 5 star hotels we have stayed at, this would get 3 stars. 133. Yorum: It's an absolutely amazing place, great variety of food, many cocktail bars everywhere, friendly stuff, lots of things to do, kid friendly pools! You can eat inside but have lunch by the seafront, there is a grill bar with great food. Excellent! 134. Yorum: I traveled as a couple with a friend. I had a crazy week. The food is varied, high quality and delicious. Most of the staff are very friendly. The spaces are clean and well maintained. We had a massage at the spa, a special dedication to Semra who has magical hands. I highly recommend this place. 135. Yorum: We would like to thank the chef of the restaurant Ali Kurt and his team, especially Ms. Ayşe and Zerrin and the bartenders for their services, for the friendly reception at the reception, for inviting us before the room time and for the service provided. 136. Yorum: Wow, the best hotel I visited in Turkey! Very good service, delicious food, wonderful vacation! Nothing to complain about. 137. Yorum: Being in a wonderful mood, our family of 10 people, 6 of them children, arrived at the hotel, we were met at the reception by a girl who did not speak Russian, we asked in Turkish (as far as we know) to tell us the amount of the surcharge for a … 138. Yorum: We have a room without a balcony. This is our third time here. We expected some respect and courtesy at the front desk. I asked to change the room with a balcony. EUR 35 per day is required. 139. Yorum: SPA La Stone is an absolute catastrophe to treat customers like this, without trust and easy immediate processing of a guest If you hadn't booked the same massage you wouldn't even know what's in the package. The office staff as well as the manager just claim they can do everything and are trained. Ha ha ha I'm laughing my ass off People book at their own risk and ask for details or they will rip you off and rip you off even more money when you already do. Paranizla razel oluyosun The camera shop and the grocery store have exorbitant prices, so for photos the camera shop charges 13 euros per photo, this is absolutely usury, even the production of the photo does not cost a maximum of 2 euros and the rest is simply put in your pocket . The grocery store, for example: Cigarettes cost about 81 TL in the shops and there they charge 182 TL, so over 100% and exorbitant prices, although if you go out of the hotel 20 meters you can get everything for much less. Advise everyone not to take photos of the SPA and buy items from there. The cleanliness in the room is also terrible, I feel really bad about simply putting a towel with a coffee stain on it as new. Unfortunately I didn't take a photo of it. The food is anything but good. You can't even prepare your local dishes the way it should be Manti without mince in it is usually not available, this was just invented where you couldn't buy mince anymore, so I as a tourist really want something there and I pay a lot. high price, then I want the service for that too. In any case, the hotel has a maximum value of 2-3* under these conditions. When everyone reports positively about it, I get the feeling that they have never been to a real hotel. Why I chose this hotel was based on Easy Reisen AG's recommendation that it would be like Sherwood, but I agreed that it can't even meet that standard. I recommend everyone to give this hotel a wide berth, the evening program is zero, take that from other hotels, for example, the children's entertainment is zero, take an example. Once a BAIA hotel, never a BAIA hotel is my motto. PS: Management is welcome to contact me. The receptionist knew about it too and just said sorry after I got ripped off and got in trouble after paying for shit and the photographer sent me out of the store but in a rude and arrogant way where she said she didn't even at least he didn't. they have to accommodate because of the price they ring at. Don't give him a pound, he's such a tall horse. 140. Yorum: Second visit to this hotel and just as wonderful as before, if not better. Friendly staff, great facilities and perfect beach and jetty. The only downside was that the hotel next door had the music so loud you could hear it more than the baia lara music and it also went on until around 1am. Not good when you're trying to get some sleep! 141. Yorum: I went to Baïa Lara for the 4th time in June. As indicated in our first visit, everything is (almost) perfect: well-managed entertainment for those who want it, excellent and very diverse food, room … 142. Yorum: Very good hotel and very fun activities in the pool as well as very nice staff at the pool organizing activities. I recommend the zomba session with Ayse, she is very nice. But he needs more service at the bar... 143. Yorum: In short, it's a wonderful hotel, the staff is friendly and warm, they help you in every way, the animation team is top notch, thank you very much to everyone, I'm glad you're loved by the baias, see you next year. 144. Yorum: If you don't throw a towel in the pool at the hotel, there are people who do that at night, we are Turks They pay us the same price. The bartenders are slow, there are lines after lines, the cross-eyed friend who works at Starbucks, makes 10 coffees at the same time The kitchen is good, the food is not bad 145. Yorum: Hello, I'm starting from the beginning, I can say 6 out of 10. First of all, the swimming pools are very hot anyway. In Antal, it's 40 degrees, the pools are 50 degrees, no exaggeration, the sea was very wavy. 2. There were no activities at all. One day it was full, the next it was empty and there was no water activity other than water polo and to be honest I was sick of the old nuts that were served with drinks in the evening as entertainment… and the staff were indifferent. 3. The types of food are always the same. I'm tired of eating the same type of food... 4. It was always foreign music and things aimed at foreigners, it wasn't Turkish or native music. It was weak in the 5th snack part. While I was dreaming of a popcorn stand or popcorn for ice cream, I don't know, pancakes on a plate, it wasn't there or there weren't waiters serving while sunbathing.. 6. There aren't many activities other than bowling, which is paid for by the player. While it's really hot in the beach part of the 7th disco, I think I'm going to have fun, but the smell of sweat and my nice clothes are ruined while I'm sweating. 8. Snack and lunch are at the same time, there is no distance between them and you are not required to wear a bikini at lunch, it is not allowed inside, you have to wear a t-shirt and shorts, I think it is very unnecessary. 9. At the Starbucks stand, not every drink came with suspicion. The 10th massage was very expensive, it was nice and efficient but I think it was a constant sales pitch, the massage said and the one given were different. I wanted it done on the legs, it was done everywhere except the legs, and I was asked for an evaluation, I can give it 2.5 out of 5. 11. I thought about doing dreadlocks, they wanted 10 euros for the hairstyle, they price everything in euros, but be sure that those for whom they paid euros will not come yet, they are right, they want 50€ for 2 pieces of dreadlocks.. It was a shame to say that the dreadlocks that were bought for 100₺ on Trendyol were sold for 400TL. 12. There were no games in the lobby other than chess and backgammon which have no dice let's play okey 101 or tabu scrabble oh where is it? 13. and most importantly INTERNET PROBLEM GOES IMMEDIATELY AND DOESN'T CONNECT TO THE LINE Employees, lobby, cooks, etc are friendly, there is no problem, but I don't think it's as far-fetched, I think the cleanliness in the room is poor, but I think that there is no problem.. I wonder whether I will come again or not. 146. Comment: Very nice hotel, well maintained. Very family friendly. Organized. Friendly activities. We would like to especially thank Eda from the hotel's spa area, who gave us lots of health tips. Highly recommended for a quiet vacation. ;) 147. Yorum: We stayed today, we are 4 people with our 2 children, they gave us a family room, we thank them very much, the food is delicious, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nice and clean, the employees are friendly, it is a very nice hotel with everything, it was a nice vacation for us 🙏 148. Yorum: I really liked this hotel. These pillows are cool|The bar is very cool, the best bar is by the beach. The coolest game for teenagers. For this I thank Fatima. All the games were really cool. Next year I will fly here again 149. Yorum: Nice and family-friendly hotel, the food is very varied. Always very good animations and shows. The staff is always friendly. We recommend the all inclusive option to any family. We are here for 9 days and 8 nights, price paid for a family of 5 from Switzerland. Baialara won our hearts. 150. Yorum: Currently we have 2 days and 4 more days at the hotel Overall, it is a very nice hotel, the employees are dedicated and hardworking, but there are some issues that need to be improved. The main restaurant for lunch is very empty, almost nothing. Dinner was the same both evenings. I hope it won't be the same for the remaining 4 days. 151. Yorum: It is a very good hotel for families with children. I would like to thank the cooks in the kitchen, especially the sauce chef who prepared special eggs for our child for breakfast. The lady does her job. The only missing part of the hotel was the lobby, it needs to be taken care of. I encountered a ridiculous attitude at the check-in, but the other parts are very good this year, I chose Antalya this year, I did not regret it at all. we even noticed that his abilities increased someone else. 152. Yorum: An excellent hotel with a nice area and an optimal size. The hotel as a whole is apparently aimed at the European public, as there are not many Russian visitors and also not enough Russian-speaking staff. Serving... 153. Yorum: I'm still staying at the hotel right now. I have never seen a hotel in my life where I didn't eat, drink water or walk around hungry. Because there is no staff. One person serves 26 meals. Extremely understaffed. They don't have the slightest information about the hotel. If you ask the name of the hotel, 70% of the staff would not know it. They brought it, people work. Too bad the staff is miserable. One person makes tantuns, cooks meat and tries to make hamburgers at the same time, and the 40 people waiting for him look at him with hatred. It's not the employees fault. If you put 2 people where there should be 10 people, the system will crash. Have you ever seen 70 people standing in line at an open buffet? I saw her in this hotel. 154. Yorum: New update: Our whole family got severe food poisoning from lunch. Be very careful!! The doctor at the hotel asked for 100 euros for an online visit to the doctor to prescribe something and also asked for advice! It took days for the poison to leave our system. 8 days family vacation. The hotel is too crowded. Especially Turkish music. The port on the beach closes at 19:00, so you can't enjoy the sunset. The venue is actually a parking lot on the other side of the hotel. I paid extra for a sea view, but the room looked out over a public pool and an empty lot with the sea in the distance. Terrible wifi. I suggest you go for the hotel near Liberty Lara, which I stayed at last year, which has much better events and open beach port. 155. Yorum: My husband refused an Economy room for four people. I got a camera. I wish I could call it a forgotten room, not really clean Dead insect in it, no son ever entered it, a room not even comfortable for three people, no balcony, no sofa because they mate a bad for my son 😠 I ask to change it, they told me that it is only possible to change it and if you pay extra. The rest of the hotel is ok, the food is good! But even this will be my last visit to the Chamber. 156. Yorum: It was my family's first time in this hotel and I must say that the staff was very kind and very friendly. Not fake, but really, natural, friendly and simple. The waiters in the restaurant and the buffet itself left nothing to be desired. The hotel complex is not exceptionally large, but with children this is not necessary as it saves you from having to walk long distances. The hotel rooms are not the newest, but not old either. A special thanks once again to the Pusty Kids Club staff (Serenay, Pakize, Sude, Fatima, Nergiz) you were really great. 157. Comment: Camera data. It smells like cigarette smoke in the room. Cleaning staff so unruly. Most of the restaurant staff so undisciplined. Customer Relations Leader Melike yells at the lobby bar staff in front of customers; bad and rude behavior. The tourism profile deteriorates every year. The front desk people are the best. 158. Yorum: Let me tell you, it is the best hotel but something is missing Even though we are a tribal family, you are the hotel we are satisfied with every year but every family member has the same opinion in the HOTEL is missing so be it , Halay, one day we miss Turkish songs. 159. Yorum: This is the third time I've come to this hotel. And still good service. Very friendly staff 🙂 The lady (Gulhan) who gives towels is very friendly and always has a smiling face. 160. Yorum: Köfteci Yusuf Breakfast plate, well done, amazing taste, amazing quality. It was a dish that matched the name, fame and quality of your hotel, and every corner of it was delicious. (Don't be late for breakfast, that's what they call late breakfast, this breakfast plate) 161. Yorum: A great hotel with a relatively small footprint. Everything is designed to be comfortable and pleasant for tourists. It is close to the airport. In front of it there is a bazaar, a pharmacy and various shops for clothes, souvenirs, spices, coffee, tea and Turkish delicacies. There is a public transport bus stop and convenient to get to Kaleici (old part of Antalya) or the mall. The cleanliness and service in the hotel are very good and the food in the restaurant is at a very high level. I would rate the evening entertainment as a minus. Compared to other hotels in Antalya where we stayed, there were few bands and performers in the amphitheater. We were very happy with everything else and would stay at this hotel again. 162. Yorum: The reception at the reception is not consistent. Basically, upon arrival, we are offered a welcome drink, nothing here. I broke out in a cold sweat when they couldn't find my reservation, but it worked out in the end. The receptionist simply gave us a sheet of information and said "here, you can read all the information". Even for public bus information, it was poor. The gentleman at the gate was able to give us more information. This hotel does not have big slides, but a small water park. Unfortunately, the latter is remote and you have to go inside to access it, which is not practical for families with children. The bar next door is open too late, and when it is, the waitresses are often on their phones or smoking. There is a pool reserved for adults, a pool for playhouses, two large 1m40 main pools, a small 1m20 pool, a children's pool in the Kids Club premises and a children's park. As for the Kids Club, I advise against pinning your hopes on it. Poor level, either for facilities or facilitators. I only speak English and I don't understand everything. My son went there for 2 hours: it was just him and another little girl for 4 leaders. I watched from afar and no one bothered to play with him, it's really sad. The mini disco was good and the evening entertainment was also very good. In this hotel, there were few staff who spoke the language: no German and very little English, hard to understand and yet I speak 5 languages ​​myself. What was also apparent was that I could clearly see the difference in treatment between those who tipped and those who did not. A waiter on skates at the main pool always went to see the same specific customers. It is possible to go to Antalya by public bus. You need to buy a round-trip card for 3 euros for an adult, free for children. The stations are not far from the hotel and tickets can be bought at the market which is on the main road, on the ground floor of a building. Allow at least 1 hour of travel on bus LC07 and up to 1h30 on bus number LC07A. No security issues and visiting Antalya as a freelancer is worth it. The beach has sunbeds. It is clean with a mixture of sand and small stones. The lawned gardens are not regularly maintained, at least compared to other stays. After that, they had beautiful flowers everywhere. The towel, bar and restaurant staff were generally friendly. A guest relations person came to the pool to ask guests how their stay was and seemed surprised when I pointed out certain things. But honestly, after 5 stays in Türkiye, in my opinion this hotel does not deserve the 5 stars. The internet connection was not very good, especially at the beach and aquapark. This hotel doesn't offer at least one meal per stay in the other restaurants, which seems like a shame to me. They ask for an extra 25 euros per person. 163. Comment: Hotel langa Antalya. |The food is delicious. |There are always free sunbeds. |The sea is near. |Three swimming pools. |The staff is friendly and helpful. |Animation team Arif Sunay Syuha Murat Berken Abdulla Murat are great guys. I definitely recommend the hotel. 164. Yorum: Everything was just perfect, food, drink, pool and swimming were all very nice. 165. Yorum: The food is very good, there is a lot of variety, the service staff is kind, it is very close to the sea and the pool is very big. It is also very affordable compared to similar products. 166. Yorum: The hotel is perfect, the fridges are changed in 24 hours, very friendly dart game, excellent animation team, thank you very much, Temekleri are perfect 167. Yorum: NOT A PLACE FOR TEENAGERS WHO WANT TO HAVE FUN!! It was boring for 70% of the guests. For the water park you have to go outside the hotel as it is in the entrance area. There is very little there for children. Animations are not successful. There are pool games once a day but no one attends as it is a 50+ year old hotel. Respect and the ability to accept criticism are not necessarily their strengths. It only has the name BAIA, but it does not fulfill the BAIA. Perfect for over 50s, boring for kids and not a hotel for teenagers. The food is the same every day. 168. Yorum: I am with my family. This is my third time visiting the hotel. The staff is very kind, especially Samet (pool service with inline skates). Great atmosphere. Delicious food. A nice vacation in general. Update: Water sports instructor Ayse is literally pressuring everyone at the pool (regardless of whether a service was used by her or not) to give her a positive review and she stays there until you do. She "just" wanted to show my phone where to rate it and I was already registered on Tripadvisor. This is really annoying. She is generally very apathetic and tries to kill time with conversations. However, it gets on the guests' nerves quite a bit.