1. Yorum: Lovely hotel with nice character and comfortable/large room. The outdoor pool was lovely, fully in the shade in the afternoon. We had buffet dinner for 20€ each and thought it was good value. Breakfast was also good, available from very early for an early flight. They forgot to give us a baby bed when we checked in, but this was fixed after two reminders. There was a lack of friendliness of the staff at checkout. Note that if you want an airport transfer, you cannot call from your room and ask to reserve it, but you must go to check-in and wait up to 10min. We would have liked to know this in advance. 2. Comment: WOW! This hotel was 10 outta 10 for my needs! I would have loved to stay longer, but it was just a quick overnight in-between flights. I was upgraded to a Deluxe Room, which felt very premium and supplied all amenities, a dessert and a coffee station with water. I also order room service; the price and service was great too! The hotel pays for your taxi to and from the airport (contact them directly for more details). Even though online it says the breakfast that is included started at 7am, in fact it starts at 4am! So I was able to try some delicious Turkish buffet food before leaving for my plane at 5:15am. (contact them to confirm this is the same for your trip.) The place seemed very large, spacious and safe to me. If I'm in the area again, I would definitely stay here without a doubt! 3. Yorum: It was a great experience. I stayed only for one night but had time to meet a very good service started from reception, service at restaurant (breakfast) and SPA. The room was decent sized, modern and well equipped. I was provided with a … 4. Yorum: We had the flight arriving late at the evening to Antalya,and looked for a one-night-stay near the airport for going to the resort the next day after breakfast. The hotel is near the airport,you need to take the yellow taxi. The taxi will … 5. Yorum: A very nice Hotel, near the Airport, so it was perfect for me as a middle Stop between my destinations. The Service was very good, thanks to Ahmet Kapal at the Service Desk, Suzanna and Diana from the Vaveyla-Spa Team, who helped me out and made my day! :) 6. Yorum: Room is nice, breakfast is nice and hotel itself is very nice - but restaurant staff are very unhelpful and quite rude - make you seem stupid for asking things. I asked for olive oil with my bread basket- took them 5 minutes to understand before saying yes, and their attitude was very rude. Some of the concierge / reception staff are not helpful at all and sometimes ignore when you are talking - some of them are nice. around 10-15 mins taxi to old town nice hotel but service not great at all 7. Comment: Great hotel. I tried to check in today, but because i made a mistake my booking was in november. They have been very friendly on the reception and found a solution (even when the hotel was fully booked). Great! Thx! 8. Yorum: ROOMS: spacious room with a good-size bathroom. A soundproof is perfect - you don’t hear any noise of the planes inside the building. Bathroom is equipped with a shower, all necessities (including dental/vanity/shaving kits) are provided. … 9. Yorum: This is a very nice hotel, located only 5 min drive from the airport. All yellow taxis validate the trip to the hotel at the reception, so it is free for you. ||Hotel grounds and rooms are well-kept. Beautiful pool where you can see plains landing / taking off. ||Rooms are modern and have options of YouTube, Netflix etc 10. Comment: Amazing hotel and Spa. Very friendly and helpful people. Lady who booked me for a spa just fantastic! She recommended me best massage ever 🫠 She speaks several languages and very friendly. Definitely come back. 11. Yorum: I stayed just overnight with 2 kids and the hotel accommodated all our needs - free taxi, tasty food, big swimming pool. I would like to highlight SPA separately (indoor swimming pool, sauna and hammam) and especially Suzanna who organized a massage for me and jakuzzi with foam for kids to keep them busy in the same room - that was a blast! Thank you! 12. Yorum: I had a short stay at this hotel during a layover, and it turned out to be a perfect choice. The location is ideal, just a few minutes’ drive from Antalya International Airport, which is very convenient for travelers. The hotel even covered the taxi fare to and from the airport, which was a nice bonus. My room was spacious, with a large bathroom stocked with everything I needed, from dental kits to shaving supplies. Despite being so close to the airport, the room was very quiet, and I didn’t hear any outside noise. The minibar, which included water, was complimentary. I was pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a Deluxe Room, which felt very luxurious, included a dessert and coffee setup, and was recently renovated. The breakfast buffet starts as early as 4:00 AM, which was perfect for my early flight. There was a great selection of food, and everything tasted fresh and delicious. The hotel also has a restaurant for lunch or dinner and two bars—one by the pool and another in the lobby. The hotel offers solid facilities, including reliable WiFi with speeds of 8 Mbps down and 16 Mbps up, a gym, both indoor and outdoor pools, and a spa with a sauna and hammam. For kids, there’s a playground in the woods by the garden. They also have meeting rooms and parking available. The staff were friendly and attentive, making my stay even more enjoyable. Overall, this hotel exceeded my expectations, and I’d definitely stay here again if I’m in the area. 13. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a family with two kids. The room was ok, the buffet varied, the staff pleasant. A special mention for the waiter on roller skates near the pool, our chambermaid Ismahan and the waiter at the restaurant Ekrem who were all 3 super great! 14. Yorum: Rooms are OK but bit bad smelling. Somehow the furniture are quite old. Service is very poor and staff pretty rude. Very close to airport, so easy for a short layover. Just an over ranked hotel. 15. Yorum: We stayed at IC Hotel while traveling. I regret not taking more photos. Everything was amazing. Our Room was huge & clean. Complementary Wine, water & Fruit Tray were provided. The Hotel had a beautiful gym that would rival any professional facility as well as a Spa. There is a huge outdoor & indoor pool. The outdoor pool area ia absolutely beautiful. There was a Buffet Style Restaurant that provided meals, breakfast starting as early as 430am. Also free airport shuttle. 16. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel as a stop over to Ercan airport North Cyprus, it is only 6 Mins from Antalya Airport with a free Yellow cab taxi both ways provided by the hotel, rooms are stunning with 24 Hr room service for late food if required, … 17. Yorum: A little pricey by region's standards, but correct price for being the "main airport hotel". it's exceptionally comfortable. You will not regret the higher cost. The staff are friendly and helpful, beautiful pool area, and COMFORTABLE BEDS! Jets overhead every 10 minites, but you can not hear them from the room. This hotel seems to cater towards air crew staff, but even for regular guest it is a great stop to start or end an adventure in southern Turkey. I'll book again when I'm back in town. 18. Comment: One of the best, no... the best airport Hotel that ive ever been! Breakfast and Dinner were stunning! Nice ,gentle personnel and private like relation to details. 19. Yorum: Good hotel near the airport ROOMS: spacious room with a good-size bathroom. Excellent soundproof - you don’t hear any noise of planes. Bathroom is equipped with a shower, all necessities (including dental/vanity/shaving kits) are provided. There are a sofa, a safe in the room, minibar (water, wine) is for free. LOCATION: 3min drive from the International Airport. FOOD: breakfast buffet (7-10:30am) is included. There is a big variety of different options as it’s usual in Turkey hotels. You can also have a lunch or dinner in the Hotel’s restaurant. There are two bars on site: pool bar and lobby bar. FACILITIES: good wi-fi, gym, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna/hammam. Meeting rooms, car parking. Free shuttle bus to the airport. STAFF: polite and helpful. 20. Comment: Very nice place indeed. Had a really good time . Staff very kind , polite and helpful.|Pools clean and water sparkling ! Room always cleaned . Good value for money .|Food was good and parking right next to the hotel. The reception personal were very polite. I would recommend. 21. Yorum: Thank you to Suzan for great suggestion for a massage. Her enthusiasm made me go for it and experience probably the best massage I’ve ever gotten. Masseuse Resi did her job excellently. Thank you! 22. Yorum: Lovely couple of nights on business at this hotel. Loved the spa and thanks to Susan and Reci. Best massage I've ever experienced and a great first hamam. 23. Yorum: Such a relaxing stay in beautiful surrounds. Friendly staff and excellent facilities. Great way to finish our stay in Antalya. 24. Yorum: Hotel and staff both are lovely, brilliant customer service. We had very comfortable rooms and breakfast was great too. The best part is the Hamam and message, We were two families, so we went for 5 message package, all of the staff were vwry good and it was one of the best experience. kids got free chocolate message and were al looked after. Suzi was very good, patience with us and provided us a great customer experience 👏 25. Yorum: Booked for a night in Transit. The facilities included price are fantastic Sauna/Massage/ indoor Pool. Breakfast first Class. Nothing is too much trouble. The staff are so polite and helpful. Nice to have free transport to the airport. Usually book a cheaper Hotel for transport, but will use this all the time now. 26. Yorum: Incredible hotel to stay in during a long connecting flight. There are cheaper options around, but with the service you get here, I think you even save money and have a stress-free journey. You get picked up from the airport and driven to the airport anytime for free, you get a really nice room with everything you need, a great breakfast and the option of a late check out. Will definitely stay here if I fly through Antalya again. Thank you 27. Yorum: Great spa facilities and amazing spa area Suzanne was very helpful haman was brilliant 28. Yorum: Lovely hotel with amazing staff! Thank you all for your hospitality. Special thank you to Suzanne and Yasmin who helped me and made my stay even better! 29. Yorum: Nice hotel in a traditional style, perfectly located to Antalya Airport. We received a kind upgrade to a comfortable double room. Very friendly reception staff, taking fully care of all what is needed. Perfect breakfast arrangements for travelling guests where the buffet starts at 4:00 am early morning already. 30. Yorum: Absolutely amazing stay. Reception is beyond and above friendly and helpful. Ibrahim (I hope I spelled it right🙏) is a very professional fellow. I am very thankful for his hospitality. Rooms are clean. Location is very convenient, just 5 minutes away from the airport. I am really satisfied. Thank you, Tatiana 31. Comment: A very nice hotel near the Antalya Airport. Very convenient transportation to the airport on request. However, the hotel is not near any stores. I forgot to add about their Buffet, which was very good. However, a number of the customers would return to the Buffet with dirty plates and serve themselves with the serving spoons. That is a very quick way to spread viruses. The servers behind the hot food section would also except customers dirty plates and added food to them. This is unacceptable in most Buffets around the world. That's why there are always plenty of clean plates available at Buffets. 32. Yorum: Beautiful place to visit and staff were so helpful and friendly. Food was top quality. Very clean, rooms are of high spec. Swimming pool was a welcome as very hot. The property is spotless where ever you go in the building. Staff always smiling and ready to help. Highly recommend. 33. Yorum: The actual hotel and facility was very nice but I had the weirdest experience at the spa. Male massage therapist was very creepy and I wouldn’t recommend getting a massage by the male therapist working there. He was very creepy and … 34. Yorum: This is my second time in I hotel. This hotel is located just by Antalya airport. I hve decided to make it my first stop into what Antalya have to offer for one main reason.. to re charge and energise my mind, body and soul. The hotel has amazing spa and health center and the staff are very warm hearted and lovely. Susan (Suzi) with the her lovely smile welcome you and help you with all the I formation you need. The spa has huge fitness center, squash, pool hamam, sauna and steam. My best experience is having massage after long flights and relax at the spa and end up with hamam and warm pemogranade tea! Thank you Suzi for the lovely welcome and see you again soon 35. Yorum: Beautiful hotel with great proximity to the Antalya airport. Best breakfast selection I've ever seen! Starting at 4am! The restaurant service is a bit "confused", and the decor is stark compared to the rest of the hotel. 36. Yorum: We enjoyed our 2 day stay here very much. The entire staff was very kind, caring and efficient. We used the sauna, steam room and pool. We also had a spa treatment. It all was excellent. The gym is fully equipped. Even better than the gym we pay to go to locally. Breakfast was great! And room service was fast and good. It is a smoke free hotel which is always a plus! 37. Yorum: The hamas (Turkish bath) combined with a massage was wonderful. I would recommend it to any stressed out traveler. When I come back to Antalya I would do this spa treatment again at this hotel! 38. Yorum: Great staff great service all round the man on reception was the nice person ever his name was Ibrahim. However the restaurant supervisors were a bit rude behaving like I was going to run off without paying. The lady who sells the spa package just would not stop harassing us and also the kids to buy creams and have packages etc 39. Yorum: Had a wonderful Turkish bath and massage. Suzi did a great job introducing us to all the wonderful amenities at the hotel. 40. Yorum: Stayed there overnight in between my flight with my toddler. Hotel was great, room was clean and had welcome sweets 🍬 and bottled water. We were collected and taken back to the airport by free hotel transfer. Breakfast was amazing as well. Only thing I would change is to put soft drinks in the room fridge and maybe some small snacks to buy. 41. Yorum: The hotel in general not clean,food is very poor ,staff are not friendly, air-conditioning was not working ,even we have full coverage but anything after the food time is extra.|Outside garden is dirty ,no facilities for a family ,location is far from shops 42. Comment: Hey there! 😊 Just wanted to share my recent experience at IC Hotel Antalya with you. 🌟 It's an absolute gem, tucked away from the road. This place is huge and the pool is simply amazing! 🏊‍♂️✨ It feels like stepping into a palace! The best part? The price is affordable, and you won't believe the outstanding service they offer. 👌🏻🌞 Plus, they even provide a free shuttle service to the airport! 🚗🛫 If you're looking for a luxurious and convenient stay, I highly recommend IC Hotel Antalya. 👍🏻🌴🏨 43. Yorum: Everything was good. Just a bit misunderstanding about the free taxi transfer service before I check in but the Manager immediately settled. However the taxi driver took me to the wrong airport that hotel booked for me. Better improve all the communications, it is nice hotel other than these. 44. Yorum: It was the worst experience i ever had ||It was booked to us by turkish airline the hotel staff treat us badly , and it was very bad and not clean i found a spider at the dinner ||The staff at the night shift was awful i order a water on … 45. Yorum: This is possibly one of the worst stays we had for what’s claimed to be a 4 star hotel. We arrived to check in a little after 10pm, was given a key card that didn’t work. After a long wait, we were given a different key card that let us into a room without electricity. After calling reception, they said a service agent will be right there. After 20 min wait, we asked for a different room, and was denied. We were left in pitch darkness of a room where we could not do anything for over 40 min. At that point, we were frustrated and tired, we asked again for a different room. Finally a service person arrives, and they give us a different empty room right next door! However, the AC does not work properly, we set the thermostat at 18 degree Celsius cooling, but the room was maintained at 26 degrees, which is 79 degrees Fahrenheit. We were too tired to deal with reception again at this point. But overall this is a very disappointing stay. Update: the manager followed up in the morning, tried to see what happened and make amends to what happened, which was a very nice gesture. Also breakfast was very good. 46. Yorum: Anybody reading any of my reviews will know how important the bed is for me. Unfortunately it doesn't hit the mark. One looks forward to a nice big bed but when the duvet doesn't even reach both sides, you're forced into the middle of the bed, cutting down all that room. The actual room is spacious but it unfortunately smells of smoke, from which indoor smoking is supposed to be against the law! Good sized bathroom and friendly hotel staff. If you are arriving on a late flight and picking up a car from the airport the next day, this absolutely does the job. Free airport shuttle and around a 5m trip. 47. Yorum: It is a very nice and cozy hotel, and they have an amazing spa, where I have enjoyed 2 hours and a half of indoor pool, saunas, turkish hammam and massage. I recommend it, they are great and have good prices also. Love Turkey! ❤️ Love Antalya! 48. Yorum: Its always great, i wish i could stay longer 49. Yorum: I have stayed in 4 different hotels in Antalya and all of them were great. I expected the same here because of the expensive price, but NO. The reception is rude. Food is not nice and not many options. Rooms are dirty and smelly. The location is no good because there is no shops or anything it’s of the highway, only good for airport staff because it’s close to the airport. 50. Comment: Wonderful hotel!!! Definetely worth to visit and stay even if it’s only for 1-2 nights. We stayed there for 1 night and everything was great! They offered us breakfast when we checked in even though it wasn’t included in the price. The buffet is very rich with lots of different foods and drinks. The garden and the pool is incredible, we enjoyed the beautiful weather in Antalya and the amenities in the hotel. We were also in spa and experienced full body massage which was relaxing and refreshing. The staff in the lobby is great! The staff in the hotel in general is very helpful, friendly and problem solving - even though they don’t allow problems to occur. They provided VIP transfer from and to the airport. Usually, the flight team and the captains stay at the hotel, we weren’t one of them but we were treated very specially. Thanks a million! 51. Review: Best airport hotel I've ever stayed in! It’s very conveniently located, the service is great, the rooms are lovely and new. Very well decorated and have all the things one might need. There is a lovely pool outside and the restaurant food wasn’t bad at all for a buffer. Being close to the airport you’ll obviously hear planes, but assuming you’re landing late or taking off early, this is a very convenient place to stay! 52. Yorum: What an awesome hotel and absolutely kind and professional staff. We really enjoyed our short stay, had a very delicious dinner and breakfast and slept well in a very comfortable and clean room. Fitness area and massage was also on point! Very happy :-) 53. Yorum: PROS: The check-in was fast and effortless. Staff tried to accommodate all needs & succeeded! Calm atmosphere, cozy, relaxing. Complimentary fruits. Complimentary transfer. Nice facilities. The forest / park. I liked the pool very much. CONS: Some parts of the hotel are a bit dated. Proximity to the airport = closely passing airplanes may be annoying to some. Overall great hotel! 54. Yorum: This is my second time staying at this hotel and I’m absolutely delighted with everything. The location of the hotel is very convenient if you have a transfer. The team of the hotel has thought of every little detail for your pleasant stay and relaxation. The unique architecture of the building, beautiful interior design, spacious rooms with a very comfortable bed makes you feel Home. Swimming pool, sauna, sports club, beautiful garden, autumn attentive and friendly staff! I always don't want to leave this lovely Hotel))🙃 I recommend to everyone 55. Yorum: We stayed in a newly refurbished Deluxe Standard room. It was nicely decorated, the dominant color scheme was beige with brown accents. Windowed doors open to a view of the pool and palm trees. USB powered outlets are located on both sides of the bed. The tiled bathroom has a walk-in shower. We have always found the staff to be very attentive; we are always warmly greeted. They seem to remember us even though we stay in this hotel perhaps four times per year as it is conveniently located just outside the airport and the hotel stay helps breakup our marathon trip from the US. We had a very good dinner in dining room; food quality and choice has been upgraded. 56. Yorum: Good hotel, has everything you need for a short rest between flights. I especially liked the massage therapist Mary from the spa. Wonderful master of medical massage. 57. Yorum: Gentle start to our holiday. Arrived late in evening and couldn't find the free shuttle but taxi was only 5euro. Pool lush first thing, backing onto woodlands. Didn't feel like a city airport hotel (except for the planes). Great night's sleep. Not bothered by noise at all. Great spread for breakfast 58. Comment: I visited him on 12/12/2022. I came from Norway to Antalya. I stayed for two days in the hotel. It was a nice visit. The cleanliness is very nice. The people are very nice. The hotel system is like the European system, respect and evolve 59. Yorum: I stayed in this hotel more than 70 days for work, and it was more than expected and usual, and the proof is the my continued stay. The reception was more than wonderful led by Mr. Firat, Mr Ahmet, Mr Ibrahim and everyone without exception. The restaurant is very tasty and everyone is very helpful, especially the diner run by Mr. Muharram. The housekeeping daily and I respect all of them. All very great. 60. Yorum: We had an amazing experience with this hotel. We stayed there twice (arrival day and before departure). We liked it so much so we decided to come one day earlier before we flew back just to enjoy the facilities. The spa experience was amazing. The staff there was so nice and friendly. I would like to be back. 61. Yorum: Very nice hotel, not many people, amazing breakfast, great pool and saunas. Room is perfect, friendly staff, welcome wine 62. Yorum: We only stayed one night before a flight but it was an amazing night. Beautiful hotel, room overlooking the pool, attentive and friendly staff (thank you Boriş in particular!), and a luxury spa perfect to unwind before a busy day of travelling. Best value for money - would highly recommend! 63. Yorum: First off, this is an airport hotel, expect guests at all hours of the night and day. It’s comfortable and clean with a good selection of food and drink. The free shuttle will have you at the terminal within a few minutes. 64. Yorum: The location is very good for me. All staff is helpful and have smiling faces. Hotel benefits and facilities are also great. Just it was a little bit expensive. 65. Yorum: Absolutely the best option if you have a flight early and you want a comfortable night. Also, a good choice for a few days of vacation. Staff is so professional and helpful. Great as always. 66. Yorum: We were brought here when we had a major flight delay. The staff are really friendly and made our short stay as comfortable as possible., The hotel looked clean with a really nice lounge next to the reception and a huge swimming pool with great sunbeds and umbrellas. The food was nice and was piping hot. 67. Yorum: Fantastic wellness center with friendly and helpful wellness staff. The hamam coffee scrub was just what I needed at the end of a very active holiday! The breakfast has a nice spread and the rooms are large and comfortable. 68. Yorum: A pleasant stay during work time! 69. Yorum: Amazing very nice hotel clean simple minimalistic and nice has a spa a nice looking gym a good pool the pool looks very nice and big and the receptioncan talk well english very nice I hope they can make these alive more thanks 😊 And extra things this hostel is very quit no noise so that I'd a big major roll for me just the planes you can hear but that not a big ussui 70. Yorum: They did not refund 50€. Accidentally, I thought I would have a guest in my room for some hours. Asking at the counter, the hotel charged me 50€ for the guest. 5mins later I told them that it was a misunderstanding and the guest didnt come to my room in the end. Yet, they didnt want to refund me the 50€ - although nobody visited me. The persons at the counter were very impolite and the service inacceptable. 71. Yorum: It's close to the airport but it's still big and has an SPA , Swimming pool, etc... Food is good. Airport shuttle is available. Antalya Shopping mall is very close. 72. Yorum: The bags where brought to the room but when we get to check out nobody helped us -the spaghetti was so worse !! It was spaghetti with no taste ... - the hotel lobby and outside looks wonderfull but there are children running and screaming at the night 00 hours at the front of other guests rooms, it was awfull! You need to have a policy or etiquette for the screaming at the doors at 00.00 hours in a chique hotel???. when you are a 4 star hotel you need to keep it tidy at least - the corridor smells old ( it is carpet) -the airco in rooms makes sooooo much noise , you cant sleep... it is so noisy - its overall loudy from every corner and every wall in the room . You can hear everything - no bath Hope you consider my opinion as a feedback 73. Yorum: Stay away if you can. I stayed there for one night and when I returned from my breakfast to take my luggage for check out, they locked the room because I added a breakfast request for a guest. They wanted to make sure that the guest doesn’t enter my room during my last 2-3 minutes of checking out and they decided to lock me out to make sure this doesn’t happen. It’s close to the airport so if you have no other choice then go ahead but there is a slight chance of having a better replacement, definitely do it. I booked via Hotels. com and they said I don’t have a reservation and took them a long time to find it while I was very nervous that there might have been a mistake. Summary: don’t do that. 74. Yorum: We had a perfect stay at IC Hotels, beautiful pool, nice breakfast with a large selection and friendly and helpfull staff. We booked a spa appointment, where two ladies took us through sauna, steam bath, hamam and then we had the best massage ever and finished off with a private jacuzzi. 75. Yorum: Great hotel in great location. I loved massage. In fact all family got something for good deal. 😁 Love it 🥰 76. Yorum: Great hospitality and service. Rooms very clean, all facilities and an exceptional breakfast! Ahmet and Hazal at reception were extremely helpful in sorting out all queries and went the extra mile to support the ongoing trip to Fethiye! As always a pleasururable to stay at IC Hotel Airport! 77. Yorum: Perfect located Hotel,by car 5min from Airport Antalya. Big,nice and clean rooms. very comfortable !! nice garden with big pool . the stuff is very friendly and helpfully. The breakfast is a Dream. 78. Yorum: Fantastic hotel nearby the Airport. Swimming pools, sauna and hammam are just what you need to totally chill. All employees are really helpful and available to kindly guide you. Food is pretty nice too from breakky to dinner. Overall a great place to stay and relax 79. Yorum: me and my family stayed there for 10 nights in February and upon arrival the staff were so rude and not welcoming, considering I’ve been Antalya 5 times and this was the first time we have encountered such bad customer service; screaming and shouting and being violent towards my elderly father. Other than the first day the hotel was not too bad but a lot of construction work was being done 80. Yorum: Spacious, clean rooms. Great staff. Tasty breakfast. Nice looking garden. Very close to the airport. Gym with every equipment you need to workout. Great place to stay. 81. Yorum: A dream stay for plane spotters: you can enjoy swimming pool with planes over your head. The hotel is very nice, dinner is perfect. A bit expensive, though. 82. Yorum: Rooms are nice and big. Good breakfast. Unfortunaltely more bad points then good points to be made. There was a rotten fruit basket in my room and that the airport shuttle did not show up. Was guaranteed early check in by phone when arrived i had to wait several hours to get into my room. Not recommended. 83. Yorum: It was such a wonderful experience! We were stuck in Antalya for 3 days because of the snow storm in Istanbul. The staff was so kind, helpful and accommodating. We are so grateful for our time with them! 84. Yorum: Needed to urgently book their free shuttle service, and hotel never got back to me,- they don’t reply to emails, they don’t pick up the phone, so had to pay for a taxi. Booked other nights for work in the end of October, but will cancel now as this is not acceptable. Disgrace. 85. Comment: Very fast check in. Really close to the airport just a 3Minutes drive. Room looks fresh and convenient. 86. Yorum: Not recommended, Old rooms completely outdated. Air-conditioning gives hot air not matter what setting i put it in, the reception promised to send someone to check but no one ever did. the safe doesn't work. I was also told someone is going to fix it but no one ever came. The staff is very rude. very very rude but that is normal in Turkey don't expect help with anything even less a friendly smile. 87. Yorum: When I visited the hotel we were met by Serkan and Umut at the reception. Umut checked us in and gave a brief of facilities and room features. Servant assisted us with our flight tickets and various questions on my mind Both men are an asset to your company and enjoy communicating with the public Thankyou for a co fortaleza stay George Stewart 1562. 88. Yorum: I give 5 stars for the Hotel but half of it I am sad. My daughter's silver 925 earing(not that expensive but she valued and loved it)teapot style lost in the Hotel,where could it be,she never wear them during our stay in Antalya. She realised when we got home as she wanted to put it back together with her things and she realised that the earing wasn't innthe box anymore. 89. Yorum: It has really nice spa and fitness center inside. Everything is brand-new. Fitness center is clean and well equipped. Miss. Sevil was really helpful to introduce the facility. 90. Comment: Very nice hotelroom. Clean, complementary, new, and big. Loved the shower! 91. Yorum: Not bad but at the check out they will make you pay the things you did not use. In my check out they told me that I used a toothbrush from the room (which I didn't use because I had my own toothbrush) and charged me 3 euros extra for no reason. Even if I told them I had my own toothbrush and didn't use it, they forced me to pay it. Never gonna stay here again. 92. Yorum: Expensive but rooms are pretty much what you find in higher end hotels. Staff friendly. Lovely pool. 93. Yorum: Aesthetically beautiful hotel but it's hell if you stay there. Bed bugs have devoured the arms of my wife and my children, trays of food in the middle of the corridors and waiters sulking at the buffet in the morning A word of advice, to avoid! 94. Yorum: We had a lovely stay at IC Hotels (airport). The staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Yilmaz on reception helped my wife and I solve a complicated problem we had with dealing with a DHL parcel. He helped us while at work and even during his time off. He was polite, professional, efficient and good humoured. Without him, we would have had a real headache sorting this problem out. Thankyou Yilmaz. 95. Yorum: Luxury stay in every detail. Thank you for having me and my little baby girl! We enjoyed it so much. 96. Yorum: Very good and comfortable hotel 97. Yorum: Very comfortable and sweet, just delicious meal 98. Yorum: Very clean, helpful staff , free shuttle service to and from the airport also few service a day to city centre. I think there has been a mistake when It's came to charge for dinner . I was well over charged for one meal but I was too embarrassed mantion 99. Yorum: Hotel very close to the airport. With free shuttle service. Breakfast was decent and included in the room fare. Dinner buffet is served from 19 to 22 and costs 15Eur. Free WiFi available, big swimming pool, spa and gym facilities. Big rooms a little bit outdated. 100. Yorum: The staff were incredibly welcoming, helpful and nice. My stay was short, but I can wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to experience Antalya for everything it has to offer. 101. Yorum: This ic airport hotel is amazing, the location is great , very scenic and the staff are so polite and proffesionall that they make your experience even more enjoyable. Anyone visiting antalya should shortly try out this hotel . You will not be disappointed. 102. Yorum: Nice 4 star hotel, good breakfast comfortable rooms, helping staff. Very convenient for overnigjt stays between connecting flights with near-the-airport location and free airport transfer service. 103. Yorum: I stayed there as I had business trip to Dubai the next day so I needed to eat well, enjoy the swimming pool and relax in the spa I appreciate the services supplied by this hotel. I will be coming back 104. Yorum: The reception gentleman is very helpful! The shower in my room is broken. He helped me to upgrade my room. And he is super welcoming 105. Yorum: Very fancy hotel with spacious rooms which we liked. The food was extra delicious with many buffet choices. We loved our stay there thank u very much turkish airways! 106. Yorum: The staff was incredibly nice, accomodating and helpful. I had a massage in the Spa and it was amazing. I recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to visit Antalya. 107. Yorum: Friendly staff, really helpful, can be noisy due to planes but to be expected so close to the airport, perfect for a night's sleep and food if heading further into Turkey from antalya. 108. Yorum: The closest hotel to airport is not very new, but clean. It has two swimming pools and outdoor one is covered by trees. There is a bus stop to city centre including bus station. I do recommend. 109. Yorum: Absolutely a fantastic hotel staff are so helpful rooms are good i have stayed here twice now and will definitely be staying again 110. Yorum: I have stayed for one night before my flight to Sweden, it’s really nice hotel, very good service the staff was friendly and helpful, the pool is amazing and there is also spa 😀 recommend it … 111. Yorum: Hotel is very close to the airport, so it means very noisy. Rooms are outdated, but big in size. Airconditioning in full cold gives only hot air. Nice garden and swimming pool. 112. Yorum: I’m stay on the reception 20 min. He is don’t speak with me, don’t answer. I come with money, I was need stay in your hotel just 4 hours. He speak with other guest, I’m what?! take action with the person at the front desk! such a hotel is not a place for such people to work. 113. Yorum: great hotel very friendly and polite staff , i will visit again 114. Yorum: Nice hotel for stay near the airport. Food is great, staff is friendly. 115. Yorum: One of the best hotels o have ever been to 116. Yorum: Loved it nice pool, nice rooms, stayed one night as flight cancled, just had free breakfast but it was nice hotel 117. Yorum: HOTEL FULL OF CREW Failed to provide the room I booked. Offered me dinner then made me pay for it….. VERY Turkish 118. Comment: Excellent hotel. Comfortable rooms and good buffet for breakfast and dinner. Only wished I had time to use the huge pool! 119. Yorum: Very nice hotel for staying near the airport, but also not that far from the center. Clean, friendly and welcoming. 120. Yorum: Very nice and kind stuff, because close to the airport but they need to give correct time about the airport transportation but so far acceptable 121. Yorum: We had a great experience with my family, we loved the spa service and infrastructure, people is very kind and professional. 122. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel super service all staff are very professional and services in this hotel are really enjoyable. The transfer service between hotel and airport is just perfect and it’s free 123. Yorum: Great staff working at the Spa! We had a couple procedure with hammam and massage, it was great! 124. Yorum: Great hotel ,great location for the airport. Food was superb. Staff really helpful. Gardens were lovely 125. Yorum: For the price a very good hotel. Room service was very good. Food was tasty. Room was spacious. Very close to Antalya airport. 126. Yorum: As I was travelling with children all the staff were very helpful and accommodating to us. Yilmaz I thank you for a great staff and I really appreciate making it a stress free stay 127. Yorum: Wish I was there longer and not a quick stop over 128. Yorum: Everything was perfect, staff, meals, comfort of the room, facilities, pool, gym etc. I can highly recommend this hotel for a wonderful experience! Cheers! 129. Yorum: Really enjoyed my stay very convenient and very would highly recommend and will personally stay again. Room was very clean staff very helpful 130. Yorum: Super place - friendly staff - super connection to the airport - has a certain colonial feel - will definitely stay here on my next trip in 131. Comment: LOVE this hotel. location is convenient, food is good and the cats are friendly :)) 132. Comment: Good airport hotel. Pool is nice. Rooms good but can be better. Breakfast good. As a airport hotel, its really nice. 133. Yorum: If all you need is a clean efficient place to stay by Antalya airport, than I recommend IC Hotel Airport! No frills, but does the job! 134. Yorum: Very nice and clean hotel,food is very good. 135. Comment: Mmmmm. From outside it looks amazing. Needs little bit of restoration inside. Nice and clean. Close to Airport. Friendly staff and Welcoming management. Well done guys. 136. Yorum: Very thankful for the services by this hotel I thank you and I will always use you. All the staff there currently are super professional and polite 137. Yorum: Upto the mark, breakfast was awesome. Alotof facilities, gym, swiming pool etc. Room service is prompt 138. Yorum: I highly recommend this hotel staff are super helpful, great facilities and alway would come back Thank you for a great time at your hotelMo 139. Yorum: No way is this hotel worth the money the interior is so dated the whole hotel needs renovation work to bring it to the 21st century. But the outside and pool is is nice 140. Comment: Serkan. Is the best concierge I've ever met. Great Hotel super helpful staff very nice pool wish I was staying longer. 141. Yorum: Excellent location, great service, very spacious and beautifully decorated. Nice food 142. Yorum: Extremely close to the airport, nice buffet restaurant. Limited bar and bar service. Great reception and restaurant staff. Transfer service very useful. 143. Yorum: Well designed hotel so close to the Antalya Airport with very kind stuff and delicious meals enjoy there. 144. Yorum: I liked it here, clean with lots of facilities the staff where very friendly and helpful, as a stop over or for a few days its ideal, close to the airport and other facilities. 145. Yorum: Very comfortable hotel with everything what you need, and very close to the airport, professional staff and perfect restaurant! 146. Yorum: Everything is good in this hotel ... one of the biggest problem in Turkey is that most of the people do not speak English 147. Yorum: The hotel and staff was excellent. Thank-you to all the staff it was a pleasant stay 148. Yorum: The best hotel to stay one night after the evening flight to antalya So so close to the airport Not very good breakfast So big swimming pool The rooms not renewed but they are nice I stayed with my family we don't have big complain and we will book it again 149. Yorum: Great experience I appreciate the services they provide from spa to airport transfers the foods great too 150. Yorum: Great staff, big room, big hotel. Best hotel I've been to. 👋 151. Yorum: Overall good experience, clean nice rooms, nice pool, spa and gym 152. Yorum: A really nice, cozy place with great kitchen and highly friendly and professional staff. 153. Yorum: Great stay, polite staff perfect for airport transfers would highly recommend 154. Yorum: Really nice hotel but strange marketing decisions as paid coffee on breakfast and so on... 155. Yorum: IC Hotels Airport Antalya has the best SPA experience. Highly recommend! 156. Yorum: Perfect location for Antalya Airport but off site so more reasonably priced. 2 minute transfer to the terminal building on request 157. Yorum: The staff was very proffessional and kind. I would like to thank especially Mehmet Bidal and Mehmet Demir. 158. Yorum: Nice Hotel with good food, good for a few nights. Garden and pool are very nice.