1. Comment: I do not recommend. The service was terrible, the staff was rude and uncaring. They missed my room online and gave me a subpar room because they said my room wasn't available. I received 3 room changes and a complaint for the reservation. com contacted the hotel before I finally got the room I paid for. The rooms are definitely a deception in the pictures 2. Comment: I spent 8 nights in this wonderful hotel and will come back again. The hotel is modern, quiet, clean and in a great location. A pleasant scent permeates the hotel. The breakfast food offering is excellent. Our room was spacious. Bed linens were changed every two days and towels were changed every day. I disagree with other guests' impressions that the staff was unfriendly. I think they did their job professionally. I don't want anyone to act like a clown just because I'm their guest. They were always at your service for any questions or situations. young, kind and friendly Guzra pays special attention to the guests and cares about their requests or objections and respects all suggestions. Every hotel should have a wonderful girl who works for the benefit of both the guests and the hotel. The guys at the reception are also friendly and professional. We used the spa once. It is very orderly and peaceful. I felt really good in this wonderful hotel. This hotel deserves top marks. 3. Comment: Without a doubt, the most magnificent hotel in Istanbul. My wife Lyndsay and I have been there 10 times and the staff are amazing, BÜLENT has to be mentioned, nothing is too much trouble for anyone there... great atmosphere and a beautiful rooftop pool. Access to shopping, sea excursions. After all, ROYAL ORKA IS A MUST FOR EVERYONE 4. Comment: As a mother traveling with my 1 year old, I expected basic respect and compliance, but instead I was met with lies, abuse, and endless waiting. Even though I had a confirmed reservation, I was made to wait in the lobby for six hours before being allowed into my room. My baby and I were exhausted and when I asked the staff why it was taking so long they gave me vague excuses like the room wasn't ready or there were technical issues. I could see other guests checking in without any problems but we had to wait. The lack of attention paid to an exhausted mother and her child was absolutely shocking. The worst part was that the room was perfectly fine and available, proving the wait was unnecessary. Throughout this ordeal the staff have been condescending, unhelpful and downright rude. They seemed indifferent to the fact that I had a small child with me and made no effort to offer any solutions or comfort during the wait. This level of disrespect and dishonesty is completely unacceptable, especially when it comes to a mother and her baby. I will never return to this hotel and will strongly advise others to stay away from this place. No one should have to go through such a bad experience, especially families traveling with children. 5. Review: Without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. From the moment I arrived the staff displayed an appalling lack of professionalism and courtesy. Not only were they unhelpful, but they also lied about several things throughout my stay. I was initially promised a room with a view, but when I arrived I was given a room overlooking a noisy construction site. When I brought this to the attention of the staff, they assured me that they would move me to a better room the next day. However, this never happened and despite my repeated follow ups, they either continued to make excuses or ignore my requests. The lack of cooperation and blatant lies were shocking. Instead of resolving issues the staff was condescending and rude. I have never encountered such disrespect towards guests in a hotel before. Overall I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Poor service, dishonest staff and complete lack of care for their guests made this an incredibly disappointing experience. Avoid at all costs! Each staff member has their own rules and one says he can't call a taxi while the other says he can come and get a taxi whenever he wants during his shift. I advise you not to come to this hotel, it's a headache. 6. Comment: Hotel to avoid. Unwelcoming staff who speak rudely. I personally found my room open and the staff refused to even check the camera footage to see who entered. Some friends had crappy rooms full of bugs. Sure the location is nice but you can't sleep at night and I have no idea how they got 4 stars. Many of the rooms do not even meet basic living standards (broken windows, windowless rooms, humidity, leaks in bathrooms...). Our travel group did not like this hotel because everyone had major issues (over 30 people). Be careful before booking. 7. Comment: The hotel is not bad, in a quiet location, but not worthy of 4 *!||The hotel is in a quiet location, although the central area is noisy, which is a huge plus, then the rooms are very small, there is a strong smell of sewage, which is very bad... the pillows are hard and … 8. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel. Reasons for this: - The room was never really clean. There was mold on the shower heads in the bathroom. There were always stains on the bed sheets. - The double bed in the room is so small that it is difficult for two people to move - First we got a room with no windows, it was so stuffy you couldn't breathe and it was incredibly hot. - the walls are very thin, you can hear everything - there has been a huge construction site across from the hotel for years, there is so much noise that you wake up involuntarily at 6 am every morning. - Even the breakfast didn't taste good, there was nothing, so we skipped breakfast and ate outside. - I can't say anything good except that the location is good. Comment: Very kind staff. Swimming pool on the terrace and -1. building with a full spa on the first floor. The massage was outstanding 10. Comment: There is indeed a picture but no sound. It's a shame. It's 100€ per night. Let the person who serves the olives at breakfast eat them. I will eat raw olives. It's a shame. You earn money by paying 11. Comment: Fantastic I definitely recommend it the staff was amazing especially Guzra from the front helped us a lot the rooftop view was amazing I recommend going there I went with my family Annnd location I recommend this place even just for its location 12. Comment: Small rooms with poor view. The surroundings of the hotel are not nice. Friendly staff. What really bothered me was the cat walking on the tables in the hotel. The view from the top of the hotel is very nice. The location of the hotel is good. Considering the appearance the hotel should not have four stars. 13. Comment: Very good service Clean rooms 14. Comment: Location is great, close to all major attractions Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, Grand Bazaar, Restaurants, Shops, Tram Line/Stops and Ports.|The hotel itself was clean and tidy, breakfast was ok but not great and not much more… 15. Comment: The location is great, close to all major tourist attractions, Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, Grand Bazaar, Restaurants, Shops, Tram Lines/Stops and Ports. The hotel itself was clean and tidy, the breakfast was ok but not great and could be much improved. The facilities are very good, rooftop swimming pool with stunning views over the Bosphorus, health club downstairs was also excellent, sauna, spa, Turkish bath. The rooms are very small, low ceilinged and very poorly lit, the lighting in both the room and bathrooms was terrible, we had booked connecting rooms and had a bit more of a feeling of space as the connecting doors never closed. The air conditioning was also a bit erratic but worked most of the time. The rooms were cleaned, beds made and fresh towels provided every day. There was construction going on outside the hotel which was unfortunate but considering the busyness of the area the hotel was surprisingly quiet. Overall it was a really enjoyable holiday and with a few minor improvements this hotel could not be faulted. 16. Comment: Service staff is very nice and friendly, especially the service! My husband Mussa was very kind to my family. 17. Comment: I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The staff Samet and Fevzi are very kind and friendly. Whenever I had a problem these guys helped me solve it. Also the breakfast was prepared by the chef, it was delicious. The location is great, if you like walking you can find places of interest around this hotel. 18. Comment: The hotel stands out with its 2 swimming pools and Turkish bath, good location and wonderful terrace overlooking the Bosphorus. But there is a big BUT The service is generally zero, we bought the tour through a tour operator, we paid everything 2 months in advance, we confirmed it for 3 adults. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that the air conditioning in the room was being worked on and that they would put us in another hotel for 1 night and that our room would be ready in the morning. The next day we arrived from another hotel in the morning, we were told to check in at 12:00, we calmly went for a walk around the city. We return in the evening, they opened a room for us with 2 beds and a folding chair, although we booked a full-fledged 3-bed room, to our anger we were offered a full-fledged 3-bed room, but it had no window at all. In response to our anger, the manager said that the problem would be resolved in the morning. Again, we had to spend the night in another room and in the morning we were finally given the room we had booked. We traveled for 3 days out of the 7 days of the trip. When asked for some sort of compensation in the form of at least cutting fruit, they said that's not their style, but it was my birthday at check-in and they ignored that too. And yes, no one speaks Russian there. Breakfasts are not tasty, even the usual scramble is suspiciously liquid, and some dishes look and taste strange too. Comment: Very good hotel experience, highly recommended, super welcoming staff, close to everything, nothing to say, no negative points 20. Comment: Optimum 21. Comment: Very bad. Insincerity, lack of sympathy and empathy. If you are looking for cheeky and rude people, you have come to the right place! And your reservation is cancelled for no reason and treated as if it was our problem. Fake Hotel!!!! 22. Comment: I am surprised by the bad comments. The hotel is very centrally located, a 10-minute walk from the main attractions and very well connected by tram, metro and boat. You can go to the Asian side by metro, which is 100 meters away from the hotel. The room was very comfortable and spacious, and was cleaned well every day. Breakfast was very complete. And it has a rooftop pool and also a SPA. The only downside is that the SPA pool is a bit dirty. If we return to Istanbul, we would return to this hotel. 23. Comment: Horrible holiday experience. The staff has an arrogant attitude and the whole thing was a nightmare. There was construction going on right in front of the hotel, which was causing a lot of noise. The ad was misleading. Stay away. WiFi was very slow, air conditioning… 24. Comment: I placed my breakfasts very well again 25. Comment: We spend 7 days in this hotel. When we arrived we were initially given a room with a double bed instead of two single beds. The guy at the front desk was very nice and got us the right thing right away. The room was nice but the beds were a bit like trampolines but we still had a good sleep. The towels and sheets were clean. We could barely hear anything from the street. The hotel is located next to food streets, Tram station, port and Train station. Hagia Sophia and the Blue Mosque are about a 10-minute walk away, while the Spice Bazaar is about a 15-minute walk away. Very convenient. The rooftop has a stunning view and is ideal for sunbathing. The small pool is enough to cool off. The only negative was that there were no towels. Healthy living is nice but it was cold there. There is a wide variety of foods to choose from for breakfast. You can order a transfer to any airport at the hotel with the reward you will receive on the street. 26. Comment: The location of the hotel is good, but the terrace is not accessible in the evening. The staff is generally cold, but Samet and Şehmus' attention, smiling faces and kind behavior made us feel more comfortable at the hotel. Thanks. 27. Comment: The specified photos of the hotel are old and do not correspond to reality, everything looks like after 10 years :) the wallpaper is dirty, dusty everywhere, hair on the floor, they asked to change the towels, it smelled of damp. The room smells of damp. The furniture is all old and Attention, they charged 40 euros for parking while the hotel stated 10 euros 💶(they wanted 40 per day) in the center the lights are often turned off and that was the case, it was impossible to stay in the heat, there was a generator, it was very noisy at night, it was impossible to sleep. The pool on the second floor is very small, the water is cold, the pool is closed in the evenings. We saw that it was cleaned in the morning 🙈 The construction site and the sea view are visible. breakfast was not bad the only plus of this The declared cost of the hotel and the star are not justified in any way, 💯 it is better to take another hotel and not torment yourself and others 28. Comment: The rooms are very small. |No place to store suitcases.. Breakfast was ordinary. Only a 3 hour window.|Slow to bring clean towels to room|No pool towels.|Close outdoor pool at 6pm.. The sun didn't set until 9pm|The air conditioning wasn't working |They asked to look out the window. I don't understand 29. Comment: The hotel is clean, well maintained and has good air conditioning. The staff was friendly and the bathrooms were very luxurious and clean. I recommend full board or half the menu consists of a set menu for dinner, you cannot choose the food but pay for the food separately… 30. Comment: I just returned from a wonderful holiday in Istanbul. The hotel is located in a good spot that provides access to everything nearby, including historical sites and the Grand Bazaar, which is 10 to 15 minutes away. The staff were helpful from day one, breakfast was very varied, we had half board so dinner was a set menu but there was an option to order something different and pay for the meal, the terrace pool has a nice view of the marina but the pools are small and not ideal for children, the jacuzzi was good but the water was not hot, the sauna was good, I would definitely recommend the Turkish bath in the hotel, it was very good. The hotel was clean and well-maintained. Local shops are cheaper than the grand bazaar, I recommend shopping around and bargaining before buying, be careful when paying at restaurants as there are different prices when ordering food and different fees when billing, so pay attention to food prices, local tax is charged. Because it is cheap and there are trams, ferries, buses etc. Use the local Istanbul card to travel as it works on If you have any issues while you are at the hotel, speak to the staff as everything is negotiable. Enjoy Turkey :) 31. Comment: At the time of booking it was half board, but only breakfast was included, about Paris bread. We requested a room with a balcony but the cleaning was not good. 32. Review: Booking Orka Royal Hotel & Spa for a week. I made a reservation for 4 people (2 adults and 2 children) via .com. I gave all the details regarding the credit card and confirmed with the hotel that I would be arriving late due to my evening flight. Orka Hotel I arrived late… 33. Comment: V good location. The service is good. The room air conditioning was not working the first night. The steam room was not working either. Good overall. 34. Comment: The room was not provided as reserved. They need to work on customer service, especially communication. 35. Comment: The location is great, great for tourism in general, whether you're wandering around the markets or hopping on a boat. Everything else is pretty inadequate, the jacuzzi is not hot at all and the power is weak. The steam room is not working. The sauna is pretty good. The water in the indoor swimming pool is extremely cloudy and appears to be barely chlorinated. One of the beds in my room is literally broken, like the frame and everything has collapsed. Big punk. The gym is extremely small and devoid of everything but after seeing any photos of it you can already understand that this is not a surprise. 36. Comment: The room was very small. The air conditioning was not working properly. It wasn't working at all the first night we had to wait at the front desk all night for the technician to arrive. The receptionist “Ahmed” was very rude in resolving the issue and told us to take our money and go find another place at 3am! On the other hand the hotel was close to all transportation options, restaurants and everything. The breakfast was nice and varied. The spa and swimming pools were good. 37. Comment: Very good 38. Comment: Besides being dirty, the rooms were also very poorly maintained, the swimming pool was also dirty and poorly maintained. 39. Comment: Good location but tourist trap staff, very small rooms for the price and a dirty/poorly maintained swimming pool for £40. Comment: Location is good, service is very average... reception is very poor 41. Comment: Pillows are of very low quality, each bed has different pillows. Also the beds are bad, deformed and look old.|They also turned off the air conditioner every time there was an electrical load and had to stay in the room without air conditioner for 12 hours… 42. Comment: Rooms are not serviced and that is not the best thing. The air conditioner is broken and they don't want to change the room. 43. Comment: Air conditioning is broken and they don't want to change room 44. Comment: I do not recommend the hotel to anyone! I have never stayed in such a bad hotel. Supposedly a 4 star hotel but felt like a 1 star hotel. 1. The room was very dirty, the ceiling was disgusting. 2. The cleaning lady never cleaned properly, she just made the bed. Everything was still dirty. The hotel needs to find a new cleaner as soon as possible. 3. The pool wasn't great either. 4. The shower never worked properly and the balcony door would not close. Otherwise the staff was good. 45. Comment: We were at the hotel 1 day ago and were very pleased! Staff service and everything else in the hotel was very good. There is also a restaurant on site that hotel guests can visit. Hygiene is good. The location is very good. Admiration for the hotel and the management. 46. Comment: I do not recommend this hotel, the staff is unpleasant, the rooms are very small, not very clean and the worst part is the swimming pool which closes at 18:00 due to the disgust of the receptionist's behavior. 47. Comment: RUN AWAY! They are liars!! They do not inform us that the pool is closed because of renovations. After long discussions and the promise of a refund, we leave the hotel! A month later still no refund and they don't want to give us a refund!!!!! 48. Comment: Hotel with excellent location, 20 seconds from metro station, many restaurants, tram stop, ferry port, . hotel room size is good, comfortable enough, bath room nice and clean, strong hot water in the shower, Check in nice and fast. Only give 4 stars for services. The spa and swimming pool were fantastic and we will definitely be back next time we are in Istanbul.... I will definitely stay here again. Comment: Definitely the best hotel I have ever stayed in, I felt really welcomed here and well received by the staff. The night staff working were very kind, I have never felt like this before but they are a really good group and very good service. The night staff working at the reception are Samet and the old man. The condition of the hotel/triple room was not very good, but reaching the hotel and being greeted with such a good and positive service was very good for me and made me feel at home. Definitely something I will book here for the night staff only thing working next time! Otherwise the hotel is in pretty good condition! 50. Comment: My wife and I stayed at this hotel and we did not regret it at all. It was very comfortable and pleasant to be there, the staff was very attentive and polite, always ready to help. He was not even too lazy to answer through an interpreter. We also liked the breakfast very much, it was delicious. Vegetables and herbs are always fresh. The pool downstairs is great, very clean. The rooms were always perfectly cleaned. In short, we'll probably be there again. We liked it very much. And we miss the cats near the hotel too. 51. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday at Orka Royal Hotel.. Everything is perfect and the staff is very friendly... The location is close to everywhere you can walk... The view is magnificent… And the pool.. Special thanks to Şeyhmus, the great man you met and dealt with… Thanks to everyone… Dr. Şaher Saadeddin and his family 52. Comment: Unfortunately the hotel is not reliable. Especially if you made a reservation a while ago knowing that the payment has been made, your reservation will be deleted without any reason. 53. Review: My wife and I stayed at the Orka Royal Hotel & Spa for the second part of our 7-day trip to Istanbul and it was a complete nightmare. Firstly there were bedbugs in the room which made it almost impossible to sleep and was shocking to us. The bed was only 130cm wide, which is a joke for a double bed. The bed quality is the worst we have ever seen in our lives! The window of our room was very small and the view was of a concrete wall and some shutters 1 meter away... The total size of the room was 14 m2, so it felt like a prison cell. The area around the hotel was nothing like the pictures on the internet; it was dirty, unsafe and absolutely disgusting. Our room was dirty, walls were stained and on top of that the TV was not working properly, all the important Euro 2024 matches were missed during our stay. The parking situation was a complete joke. Not only was it not free, it involved parking on a ramp of rocks and dust from a collapsed building. It was extremely ridiculous and dangerous. Breakfast was a terrible experience. There are cats around the kitchen dining area which is beyond unhealthy. The breakfast itself was tasteless and disgusting and caused severe stomach ache... probably food poisoning. This place is a disaster. If you value your health, safety and sanity, avoid Orka Royal Hotel & Spa at all costs. Our stay here was a complete nightmare and I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy! Will update with more photos later! 54. Comment: A great hotel, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, the rooms are quite good and the breakfast buffet is very diverse, it is also very close to the metro station, buses, the Bosphorus, and also close to Sultanahmet and Laleli by tram. If you go to Eminönü Beach, just cross the bridge and reach Karaköy (including Taksim and Galata). The best hotel I have ever stayed in, highly recommend 55. Comment: Too bad I don't like the photos, rooms are too small 56. Comment: Very pleasantly surprised after staying a few nights at this hotel. We were on the first floor, no bedbugs, rooms very nice, cleaned every day, attentive staff, very friendly. The rooftop pool is amazing, not very big but super nice. The view of the Bosphorus is magnificent. The hotel is extremely well located in the historic centre although quiet, the only point to improve is the poor breakfast (coffee and tea are not good), even if there is quite a lot of choice and the pillows are very thick. Very good value for money for a well located hotel with an outdoor pool. 57. Comment: I am writing to state that I was extremely dissatisfied with the service I received during my previous stay at Orka Royal, I had 2 interconnected rooms, one had cockroaches and when we went for breakfast there were hairs in the tomatoes 5 times. 58. Comment: Multi-center on the European side of Istanbul. The rooms are very clean and the hotel is very nice. This is my second year coming to this hotel. Comment: There is one person at the reception, we left ahead of time and were not satisfied until we rested. We don't want to leave them in the room even for a while. The room is narrow for one person and I definitely do not recommend this as the room is narrow for him as well. There is one uncooperative person at the reception and the rooms are very narrow I do not recommend anyone to come to this hotel 60. Comment: The rooms are cramped, the bathroom is cramped and the view is bad. I liked the location, it was close to the Sirkeci tram stop. 61. Comment: I didn't like anything, the room was awful, please don't take 201, it's the basement, a small window looking at the air conditioning machines and everything dirty at the reception, no matter what, they just gave terrible delays. 62. Comment: We loved them here. Dinner was not a buffet but it was a delicious 3-course meal. 63. Comment: I didn't really like the hotel - it seemed to have an ideal location and nice photos on the website, but it turned out that the rooms have poor soundproofing from the street (even with the windows fully closed). As a result, we were prevented from sleeping for one night because... There was some construction going on across the road and all of this could be heard from the room. And the sounds coming from the mosques can be heard clearly. Breakfast was average - you can walk around and eat fruit, but had better at another hotel. Unfortunately the rooftop pool was not working. Among the advantages is the location - not far from there is the Marmaray station, a little further there are piers from which you can swim in the Bosphorus. And very soon there is an entrance from Gyudhane Park, through which you can go to the set. 64. Comment: Location is perfect, close to services and breakfast service is excellent Staff is great and friendly, but the downside is that the rooms are very small like other rooms in Istanbul. 65. Comment: One of the worst hotels They don't give water bottles, you have to pay for water The receptionist is not helpful at all and rude My room was 109 It should only be rated with 2 stars The room is small and expensive In front of me some gave very high prices, some gave less because they made their reservations from a tourism company. This is theft. 66. Comment: RUN AWAY! Smell of cigarettes in the room (211) and bedbugs (supporting photos). After waking up with itching with no excuse I arrived at the reception at 5:30am to report and after waiting for 5 hours at the reception with bedbugs on the seats I was given a new room at 10:30am I showed it to the receptionist who said "Oh". New room 511, of questionable cleanliness and with curtains that do not block out light, see photos. Before we can assume we brought the bedbugs from France, a manager comes to apologize. 2. After the night we changed rooms AGAIN because our bathroom was leaking into room 411 below. When we returned from our walk, we were told that 3. was given a room... 411, water was flowing in it. Here is the categorical refusal, the scandal at the reception. 2 days to return our laundry sent to the laundromat, upgrade never happens as all rooms are the same. Multiple power outages, a breakfast consisting of products that were not fresh, including slices of sausage with dried edges, definitely from the day before, or even the day before. Squeezed orange juice to be paid extra... TO ESCAPE ! Hides hotel misery! Only the location is great because it is close to Hagia Sophia, Sultanahmet Mosque and Sultanahmet Mosque. 67. Comment: Positive (+): The positive side was that you could reach the most beautiful and important places on foot in a short time. Also the person was really nice. In particular, there was a young man originally from Urfa who was present at breakfast and another employee originally from Mardin who accompanied us to the taxi on the day of departure. Unfortunately I do not know the names of two of the employees. Unfortunately, I personally did not go to the gym. According to my brother, the hotel's pool, sauna and massage were very good. Negative (-): I actually liked it a lot, but the beds were a little uncomfortable. I would also like a little more cleaning. Also daily cleaning and equipment (blankets, bed etc.) Also the first night we were given the wrong room (a double bed was given instead of two single beds). It wasn't possible for us to change rooms due to time, but we were able to change rooms the next day. 68. Comment: We were at this hotel in mid-May. |On the plus side I would like to say:|1. This hotel is new. The hotel's entrance doors open automatically, that is, with sensors. |2. The breakfasts are excellent, tasty and varied.|3. The staff is very friendly and whatever... 69. Comment: This hotel deserves 0 stars... Among the inaccessible terraces... Swimming pool condemned... Water damage in several rooms!!! And finally the hotel was invaded by THORACIES without any reaction from the staff. We had booked a triple room to have a double room to share the bugs. UNACCEPTABLE 70. Comment: This is the first time I have met a hotel where the height of the beams in the corridor, the height of the restaurant is 185cm, and the height of the room door is 180cm! So unpleasant! Breakfast is solid, selection varies from day to day. The location is perfect, you can walk to the top of Zlatni Rog and the tram station is 150 meters away. 71. Comment: Hotel to avoid!!!! 1st night at the hotel and my friend woke up with bedbug bites at 5am. After checking in we had to lift the covers and discovered large bedbugs at the foot of the beds. We run to the reception showing the videos and photos and there is no reaction, not even the slightest sign of sadness or a single word of apology!!! We waited in the lobby with our luggage until 9am to change rooms. In fact, bedbugs were found on the seats at the entrance!!! 0/10 see -10/10 be really careful 72. Comment: The worst day of my life, not just in Istanbul. The material was aggressive and racist. I do not recommend it. 73. Comment: A great hotel with great value for money. Beyond friendly staff, clean rooms and a delicious breakfast. The location of the hotel is ideal. It is easy to reach many tourist attractions, such as Topkapi Museum, on foot. I personally don't understand some of the bad references, we have been all over the world and in Istanbul and this hotel ranks very high in our positive experience! 💖 74. Comment: In the heart of the old town. 75. Comment: I am writing to express my extreme dissatisfaction with the service I received during my previous stay at Orka Royal. I booked for 3 nights for 4 people, I booked two rooms with two bathrooms and four single beds. I was shocked to discover upon arrival and check-in that the accommodation provided did not match the description I had booked. Instead of two interconnecting rooms with two bathrooms and four single beds, I was given a room with two single beds. This was completely unacceptable as it did not meet the requirements of my reservation and left my party of four with inadequate space and facilities. When I brought this discrepancy to the attention of your staff and showed them the confirmation email with screenshots clearly stating the details of my reservation, I was met with an uncaring response claiming that the hotel had sold out of the specified room type. This explanation is completely inadequate as it demonstrates that your establishment is failing to honor confirmed reservations and communicate effectively with guests about any changes or limitations in availability. Given the unsatisfactory accommodation provided and the inconvenience caused to myself and my friends, I requested a refund so that we could seek alternative accommodation nearby. Instead of immediately addressing our concerns and offering a proper solution, your staff reluctantly gave us keys to two separate rooms after I insisted on compensation. This experience has left me deeply disappointed and frustrated with the level of service and professionalism displayed by your hotel. As a visitor to Istanbul I expected to be treated with respect and honesty, however I feel your business is trying to take advantage of tourists by ignoring their confirmed reservations and offering substandard accommodation. I must also express my disappointment with the unprofessional behavior of your staff, especially their attempt to discourage guests from sharing their honest feedback through reviews. 76. Comment: Only the location is good. Breakfast is not very rich. The coffee is really not good... Friendly reception staff, on the other hand 3. The woman who cleans the floor is very inconsiderate. She asked me if she needed to clean my room today too... and asked me when I was leaving and at what time😂😂😂 The day I left I probably heard his manager yelling at him that he had to say hello to people... It's not very professional to have such a conversation with your employee in front of everyone. In short, to avoid! 77. Comment: The hotel is very bad the room is small the bathroom is also small the breakfast is so so and the coffee is terrible and the hygiene leaves much to be desired we are super disappointed the cleaning lady only makes the beds and vacuums a little in short she does not clean the bathroom 78. Comment: The hotel is well located, the rooms are small and the paper thin walls mean you can hear everything from the rooms next door. The spa is good, with a large Turkish bath, pool, jacuzzi and small sauna. No one on staff speaks Spanish and sometimes they are unwilling to explain themselves in English either. Breakfast was limited and the same every day. 79. Comment: Small but clean standard room and a hotel with a comfortable bed despite being 140 cm tall. Approximate ventilation with windows in the air conditioning vent, which leaves something to be desired + noisy. Low quality breakfast. Perfect location in the heart of Istanbul, away from the noise. Free entrance to the upper hammam, including massage and scrub for an additional fee. Pretty pleasant staff. I would recommend it if the location and there are no other options. 80. Comment: We went with my wife for 5 days in October. Very friendly hotel, good location and a very pleasant and varied breakfast. Attentive and available staff. Istanbul is a beautiful city. We love this🤩❤ 81. Comment: The hotel is excellent, there are good Spa procedures and qualified specialists. From the minuses. The photos of the hotel are misleading, unfortunately some rooms do not correspond to reality. Before booking you should check with the hotel manager which rooms are available (Top option = the best; cheaper - only if you are travelling alone or on business = maximum night stay). The staff is friendly. The kitchen has a medium-low range of options. 82. Comment: Good location, good beds 83. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. The hotel is located on a side street. Many touristic places such as the Grand Bazaar, Sultanahmet Mosque, Spice Bazaar and Bosphorus can be reached on foot in just a few minutes. … 84. Comment: The service was very kind, the staff was always friendly and helpful. The hotel is located on a side street. Many touristic places such as the Grand Bazaar, Sultanahmet Mosque, Spice Bazaar and Bosphorus can be reached on foot in just a few minutes. … 85. Comment: Excellent location, good value for money 86. Comment: Very nice and clean hotel. The staff is very kind and thoughtful. The spa was excellent with a warm pool and a wonderful sauna. 5. Our room on the first floor with a balcony had a beautiful view of the water. Breakfast was quite good with many options. The hotel is located on the edge of the old town but on a great street with good shopping restaurants. Close to the water and easy access to ferries that will take you to the Asian side. 87. Comment: The best part of our stay at the hotel was how helpful, respectful and kind Mr. Samet was. She is a receptionist who did literally everything to make our stay comfortable after she found out I had surgery. He patiently answered all our requests and made sure to help us with everything. Very kind and professional. Thank you very much !! 88. Comment: Excellent hotel, 4 stars, 950 meters from the grand bazaar and a little less from the Hagia Sophia Mosque 89. Comment: Location is great, breakfast is huge and extremely good quality, view is not that good, at least on the lower floors. So you're really in the center. Just around the corner is tram number 1, which connects all major tourist attractions, and you can take the metro to the Asian side. You can reach Topkapi in 10 minutes on foot. The rooms are more like 3*, the wellness area is small but nice 90. Comment: Orka Royal Hotel shines with its exceptional service. The staff are extremely kind and helpful, making you feel welcome from start to finish. High standard and luxurious rooms provide a comfortable rest after exploring the city. Breakfast is a delicious affair with a wide variety of options to satisfy any craving. The hotel's excellent location close to historical sites makes sightseeing a breeze. I highly recommend and will definitely be back here ❤️ 91. Comment: A good hotel in a very good location, very bad terrace, outdoor swimming pool and hammam were not in service. Breakfast was plentiful but of average quality. Comment: Very clean, friendly personal, good breakfast and fantastic location, very central. 93. Comment: This hotel does not even deserve one star, it was a nightmare, very disappointed, it was not what you see in the pictures. The room is very small and has very limited hygiene. Not to mention the dirty 140cm bed and worn out bedding for standard rooms. Spa side is too dirty for just a moment of relaxation, swimming pool is dirty changing room, Turkish bath is very poorly maintained, a big disappointment. The reception staff was unpleasant as if we were staying for free, they left one slipper in the room, I went to ask for a second pair of slippers if possible and a pair for my husband, as if I asked them to take it. The moon is mind-blowing to me. I mean I'm telling you you can't even eat breakfast, the same things every day, the same food, nothing changes, disgusting coffee and I won't tell you the rest. It is a great disappointment because we are regulars of Istanbul and this is the first time we have encountered such a situation. Run away, is my advice to you. 94. Comment: Room is good Poor breakfast Very good location 95. Comment: We had a pleasant stay at this hotel. The staff were very welcoming, the room was large and comfortable, and the breakfast had many options. We used the Turkish bath, sauna and small indoor swimming pool which were quiet and peaceful. We also received a special welcome from the hotel cat, Orka, who was in our room when we checked in! We love cats so that was a bonus. We would stay here again if we return to Istanbul. 96. Comment: Truly top notch! Everything is clean and the staff is super professional. 97. Comment: A bottomless service! There were incredibly loud electrical appliances running right below our room. After my complaint, we immediately got a new room. Take the card to the second room. I don't know whose look was more confused, mine or that of the French couple who had reserved this room before us. The third room was acceptable in terms of size and background noise, but cleanliness also left much to be desired. The spa area is a joke. A small sauna, a small steam bath and probably a small pool of 5x3 meters. And now we come to the hotel restaurant. Give him plenty of space, folks! The service is disastrous and unprofessional. Feel-good factor is 0.0. One evening my wife and I were at the same table, only one other table was occupied. So there were 2 waiters at 2 tables. These types of errors can't happen with such low usage! While my carelessly prepared meatball plate arrived lukewarm, my wife's meal was completely forgotten. We reported the missing dish to the waiter and he assured us that he would give it to us right away. I had to explain to him that we wanted to eat together and that my food would probably be cold by then. So I was promised a new meal and my plate was cleaned. The "new" food came pretty quickly, my wife's was hot, they gave me the same plate with the same food. New day, New chance? On our last evening the restaurant was given a new chance. We told the waiter that we wanted to drink something first and then eat. When we wanted to order something to eat after 2 drinks we were told the kitchen was closed. The waiter knew we wanted to eat, why didn't he let us know half an hour before the kitchen closed? We didn't pay the bill and said we wanted to talk to the hotel manager the next morning. There is absolutely no accommodation here either, no insight. After explaining in detail what went wrong in this hotel, I got an incredible answer: "What is your problem?" Istanbul - gladly again, Orka Royal Hotel never again! 98. Comment: metro 5 minutes, Galata port is very easy to reach on foot, near the hotel there are various shops, restaurants, grand bazaar, Spice Bazaar, mosque. The staff is very friendly, I definitely recommend it. The rooms were cleaned every day, breakfast was included, and the internet worked without interruption. I booked the hotel through Booking and I do not regret it at all, my family and I collected only positive emotions 99. Comment: Location close to everything, clean, comfortable, great staff. 100. Comment: Don't get scammed, this is not 4 star hotel, this is not 2 at all MAXIMUM……don't waste your money. 101. Comment: The hotel is in the centre. Small rooms, breakfast to avoid. 102. Comment: The location is perfect, there were problems with room cleaning (they forgot to change the towels, change the teacups, change the bedspread), the breakfast is not very good, although it is diverse, there are really too many cheeses and sauces... The pool and jacuzzi had cold water and the latter did not turn on. Every day something would break down in the bath or the coffee machine. There are two very friendly young men at the reception but also a much older gentleman with a not so welcoming attitude. 103. Comment: Its main feature is the most convenient location to visit the whole of old Istanbul (Topkapi, Hagia Sophia, Sultanahmet Mosque, cistern, bazaar etc.) on foot. You can get there in just 10 minutes.|To reach all other parts of the city, take tram … 104. Comment: Service is terrible. This is not 4 stars, maximum 2 stars. There is no balcony as stated in the reservation and that is why I reserved the room. They also say there are no rooms and people are being sent to another hotel. We were first given a room with a view of the wall and no air conditioning, and were persuaded to stay there because it was supposedly the last room. After the scandal, they offered me another room with normal air conditioning and high ceilings overlooking the mosque. However there were no towels and it is doubtful whether any cleaning had been done prior to arrival. Even when I accepted the room they convinced me to stay in a dark, cold and non-air conditioned room. The spa is small. The water in the pool is cold. Breakfast was mediocre. Croissants are not replenished once they run out. There is no cappuccino in the machine, only coffee with milk. The only thing that saves this hotel is its location, but everything else doesn't make up for its shortcomings. NOT RECOMMENDED - DO NOT LOOK AT THE PICTURES IN THE BOOKING - THIS IS A MISTAKE. 105. Comment: We come to Istanbul often but we liked this hotel the most so far! Clean and great breakfast selection. The spa area was the highlight for us. Even if you had a problem, it was resolved in a very short time thanks to the extremely friendly staff. We will definitely be back! 106. Comment: Located opposite the historical Sirkeci train station, which is the destination of the famous Orient Express in Istanbul, this historical station is a must-visit place. It is a hotel located close to Sultanahmet and Hagia Sophia mosques. A very nice hotel with an open buffet breakfast and a terrace with a perfect Bosphorus view. 107. Comment: The hotel does not deserve a star, the furniture is old and worn out, you cannot sleep with noise, water and electricity problems are off, air conditioners work every other day, I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!! 108. Comment: The hotel has a very good location, close to everywhere on foot (Hagia Sophia, Sultanahmet Mosque etc.). Spa, massage at the hotel. Overall I was satisfied. 109. Comment: The hotel is in a great location for getting around, the rooms are clean but you can hear all the noise from other rooms, they are not isolated at all. The spa and gym were very reviewable and the much advertised rooftop pool was not accessible. The staff is confused and doesn't know how to help you. 110. Comment: Room was good, service was great but toilet 111 smells. Comment: The location is good, 10 minutes walking distance to the Sultanahmet Mosque, 10 minutes by tram to the Galata Tower, there are 2 tram stops 3 minutes from the hotel. Hotel cleaners are thieves, they stole my things. 112. Comment: A shame. The cleaning staff used my credit card and tried to withdraw all my money from my bank account. Escape from this hotel where thieves have invested. 113. Comment: Nice hotel, clean, beautiful, good breakfast. Clean the hot tub. The location is perfect! 114. Comment: It is almost impossible to get to the hotel by car 115. Comment: The hotel is located in the city center. The rooms are clean and come with bottled water, coffee, tea and a wireless kettle. Disposable gels and shampoos in the bathroom. Comfortable beds. Very good breakfasts (wide choice of dishes). Two swimming pools (in the basement and on the terrace). The terrace offers panoramic views of Istanbul. There are bars and fast food outlets nearby. I would love to visit this place again. 116. Comment: Excellent location, close to train and tram station The ground on the way to reach it is flat The rooms are spacious Breakfast is very diverse and big Room service 7-10 Bathroom is good but ventilation fan is not working 117. Review: Super great hotel, very clean and staff very friendly.......❣️❣️❣️👌👌👌 118. Comment: For a good massage the hotel itself is normal 119. Comment: Thank you for everything, I have never seen such kind-faced people as those who work there, you are super 120. Comment: When I came to celebrate my wife's birthday, I regularly contacted the hotel and booked a room months in advance, requesting a nice room with a balcony. The room had the worst view (the parking lot was run down) and the French balcony was... 121. Comment: Location 122 Not delicious, small selection, very bad service. Comment: Location 123 Not tasty, small selection, very bad service. Comment: Hotel in tourist centre that allows you to do everything on foot. Therefore, it is a first-class location. If you have rooms with windows facing the small street or rooms without windows because they are inside the hotel (between two corridors), the hotel can be lost differently. |Breakfast is well stocked and changed daily. 124. Comment: Nice hotel but our room faced a courtyard with lots of air conditioning, very noisy, difficult to sleep. 125. Comment: Clean hotel, friendly staff, very good breakfast, good value for money, perfect location to visit touristic places by tram or walking with Marmaray, I am happy with my stay and will return to this hotel without hesitation. Deserves 4 stars. The only downside is that the rooms are small. 126. Comment: Excellent location for visiting the historical centre of Istanbul, excellent value for money. Clean 127. Comment: The main advantage of this hotel is its location! Almost in the exact centre! But inside everything is pretty good. 128. Comment: I DO NOT RECOMMEND, ABSOLUTELY AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT GUARANTEED. I had initially requested the shuttle from the hotel, followed up to make sure it would arrive the day before and when I informed the hotel that my flight was delayed they said there was no problem. I was disappointed as I couldn't find the person there and had to take another taxi which asked me to pay an additional fee. Secondly, the triple room we were allocated was under construction and we had to have two separate rooms, one for one person on the first floor and one for two people on the sixth floor. The buildings on the sixth floor are under construction, so some rooms are inaccessible, especially the booked room (it was not checked whether the room was functional before we arrived. Two rooms were built before we were informed that this was under construction). There is constant noise, as the windows are poorly insulated, but at the same time the facilities are not worthy of a four-star hotel, cleaning equipment and laundry carts located in the corridors, inaccessible terrace and bed in the access hall of the corridor. Thirdly, I asked the hotel to wash my laundry and I told them that the price was 400 lira per kilo. When I collected the invoice, I had to pay 2400 lira, which is around 72€, and although no extra information was given to me, I was informed that I had extras for long dresses and it was agreed that I would pay. kilo. When I asked, I was told that it was not them but an outside company. Even though I never agreed to pay extra, I found myself paying this amount because the staff could not find any solution. Fourth, the elevator did not work even though I was with a person with motor disabilities (knee prosthesis). When I informed the staff about the situation, they said there was nothing they could do and that the person with motor impairment had to climb 6 floors because no other solution could be found. How can we say that this is accessible for people with disabilities? (the hotel was selected specifically for elevators and disabled access) and no solution could be found and there was no second elevator in case of a malfunction. Fifth, I had no access to water, so it was impossible for me to shower or use the toilet. (Supporting evidence). When I notified the staff they said everyone in the hotel had their water cut off and they couldn't do anything. They don't know when things will return to normal. I had to be angry to find a solution. I also faced numerous power cuts (regular heating cuts and therefore also elevator cuts) during the same period. When I asked the staff to call a manager I was denied and told the manager was not there. I was expecting a level of care that did not exist from a four-star hotel, and I was aggrieved by this inadequacy. But at the same time, unfortunately, there was no certain hygiene. When I returned to the room, I noticed that in addition to the empty trash can in my bathroom, I had also been given a previously used shampoo. This makes us wonder about the cleanliness of the business in question. And finally, when I asked for an invoice at the hotel as proof that I had paid the taxi fare in advance, the staff rejected it. It does not suit a four-star hotel. 129. Comment: This is a hotel that can be visited again and again due to Samet Bey's attention and care. Thank you very much. 130. Comment: I stayed in this hotel with my friends, I found many inefficient things! The rooms they booked in N.1 were not the ones seen in the photo, N.2, work in progress!! Our room No.3 is full of mold!! Separate beds... and dirty sheets! I do not recommend it to anyone. 131. Comment: The spa section is very good, but when some bears enter the sauna with 6 people in their long johns and empty a whole bucket of water, the taste is gone. Other than that, 132 is fine. Comment: Recently renovated hotel only superficially as many rooms remain neglected, showers, walls, old furniture, a lot of rust everywhere, silicone shower fungus, friendly staff 133. Comment: Close to public transport and above all a good hotel. 134. Comment: I want to say "Thank you very much" for the nice time spent with my boyfriend in this hotel in December in the VIP SPA room: couple massage, hammam, sauna and jacuzzi. The massage was amazing, thank you so much to the ladies who did it for us, we were in heaven. The room was very nice, we really enjoyed it. I would especially like to thank Kemal for his kindness. help. Really helped me organize everything and book in advance. We highly recommend this place and will definitely be back! 135. Comment: Terrible staff, windowless room, parking in the mud for a special fee, gym is good but only in the picture. From the staff only the manager, the chef, the butler in the "spa" are good, the rest are disaster, rude! 136. Comment: I am very pleased with the hotel's service... breakfast is varied, pool is small but water is warm and clean, rooms are small but clean... Everything suits me here 137. Comment: The hotel is considered a budget hotel, but it is nice. The rooms are not large. It has two elevators, sauna, massage center and swimming pool. The breakfast served is varied and has nice things too. It is close to all services and the street it is located on is very quiet and well serviced. The brothers at the front desk are so kind and wonderful. We requested a car with a driver to go to the airport on the last day. Delivered in record time at a very good price. The driver was respectful and courteous and drove quietly until he got us to our destination. God willing, I will return to live and stay there again at another time. 138. Comment: The area is great. Metro, restaurants, shopping areas and Sultanahmet Mosque are within walking distance. The rooms and breakfast were disappointing. We stayed for 10 nights in total. On the first day, I asked to change my room because there was a window higher than eye level with a view of the outside air conditioning unit that was making noise all night. Since all rooms are fully booked, 5. On the following day they changed my room to a better one with windows. The triple superior rooms are smaller than other hotels and do not have balconies, which I requested months before arrival. Water is free on the first day only. The breakfast was bad. Same thing different day. Scrambled eggs taste like they are made from powder instead of real eggs. They cannot replace shampoos, toilet paper and tea. When we arrived at 4am, the guy at the front desk who checked us in said he would do us a favour if we came for breakfast after 10am as we were travelling with 2 kids after a 15 hour flight and they wanted to get some sleep. When we went to the restaurant at 10am they didn't let us in and told us the restaurant was closed. We ended up buying breakfast at a restaurant. The roof was completely closed due to renovations. I would not recommend this hotel. 139. Comment: Rude and inattentive service, poor breakfast. He is frustrated. 140. Comment: The hotel is centrally located, close to the tram and all major tourist attractions. The breakfast buffet ranges from sweet to salty, the only negative thing is the cleanliness of the rooms, superficially clean. 141. Comment: A clean, central and service-friendly hotel with reasonable prices and a good breakfast. 142. Comment: I recently stayed at this hotel and I can only share my happiness. Our host, Melissa, made our stay unforgettable with her warm welcome and exceptional professionalism. Impeccable service and every detail carefully considered. I highly recommend this property to any traveler looking for a quality experience. A huge thank you to Melissa and the entire team for making our stay so enjoyable. 143. Comment: Very poor in terms of staff, bad attitudes, small rooms, very poor lighting. The reception manager has a bad attitude and deserves no stars 144. Comment: We were only in the Spa Massage section! A traditional Turkish bath, body scrub and a very very wonderful massage (Dina & Ayumi) had very wonderful massages and the owner Kemal was very friendly and helpful! 🧖🏽‍♀️💆‍♀️ 145. Comment: Everything is clean and tidy I didn't like the variety in the breakfast very much The staff is very respectful and kind Especially SEYHMUS and SAMET The rooms are a bit small My reservation was 14 square meters Those who book for two people, not more than 146. Comment: It was a nice hotel. There are also many hookah bars and restaurants close to the metro and the Sultanahmet Mosque. 147. Comment: A great hotel to stay in when you visit Istanbul, right in the old city and right where you want to be. 148. Comment: This was a good hotel me and my husband stayed for a week. The room and bed were a bit small but we managed. Room service was daily and they did a great job. They don't provide shower gel/cream (didn't bother me as I always bring my own) Lobby... 149. Comment: Old furniture, very noisy, terrible breakfast, dirty beauty salon.... a big no 150. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 151. Comment: The hotel is good, the location is close to the metro (1-2 minutes walk) and the staff - 152. Comment: My wife and son stayed for two nights, arriving on December 1st and leaving today, December 3rd. I did not expect this hotel management and staff to open the room outside of the usual morning cleaning time with such rude attitude. My wife and son went out for two hours in the evening at the cafes near the hotel and they went out too. When they returned, they realized that all the money in the safe in the room had been stolen, leaving only the passports. After speaking to the reception, they denied knowledge of this matter and did not provide any cooperation or assistance until it was revealed that all employees including the receptionist and the hotel owner may have also been injured while stealing from guests. and exploit their conditions. 153. Comment: Nice and clean and location is perfect 154. Comment: We just come to the Bar. The service was very bad. The hotel looks nice and luxurious but the name is the staff! 155. Comment: The hotel did not clean our rooms properly and did not sweep or mop our room for 5 days. We drank from the same tea glass for 5 days because changing it was not allowed. After we stated that we wanted to leave, they apologized and asked for the room to be cleaned. It was too late for us now. The pool had mold and was freezing cold and the hot tub didn't work either. Breakfast was finished very quickly. Numerous arguments between guests and staff were seen getting violent at the hotel. We left because of the unhygienic conditions, the place was really too dirty for us, we did not receive compensation and therefore we paid for the nights we did not stay there. view and amenities etc. not as shown in photos. rooms are very small 156. Comment: Very good experience, very clean hotel, rooms are perfect with central air conditioning. Buffet breakfast, bar and rooftop swimming pool with stunning views of the city. 157. Comment: The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and nice but the room I stayed in was a bit tight for three people. When I compare it to other places, the location is very good, it is very close to Topkapi, Gulhane, Ayasofya, Sultan Ahmet and Zemin Batan Cistern. It is a recommended hotel, I recommend it to your friends list. 158. Comment: Overall it was good. Tunahan and Onur were great from the start and both were friendly. The lad who took our luggage to the room was extremely friendly and wonderful! The room was okay, a little tight but we managed. The location was great, close to everything! The only thing that could be improved is the breakfast. It looked very simple and there was no gap. I barely ate because of the election. Overall it was very good! 159. Comment: I would say the location is good. Nice hotel rooms and staff. 160. Comment: The walls of the rooms are poorly insulated, causing a lot of noise from other rooms. There are also rooms with windows on the corridor side. These glasses are not double-lensed, which means a lot of noise comes through. There were some very uneasy guests. This was very disappointing for us. We stayed for 5 nights, because it was not quiet we could only sleep well for 1 night. 161. Comment: The staff here is rude. As two friends traveling together, we had ordered a twin room which was supposed to have two single beds. We were given a pair. We were told that there was no availability to change rooms and that we had to come to reception the next day to change rooms, again we were told there was no availability. We were also provided with an interior room which was not specified when booking. Breakfast was ok, the hot food was all stale and crusty. The location is good, but that's about it. 162. Comment: Hello, after my stay at this hotel, the hotel does not deserve 4 stars. The room is very small, the breakfast is the same every day, the sink is clogged, the shower is clogged. The hotel staff is very hospitable, I cannot understand how this hotel got 4 stars. 163. Comment: This hotel did not fully meet my expectations. It is offered as expensive and exclusive with spa and special services. We booked at a great discount. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff, who took our luggage and carried it to our room. However, when we asked if lunch was available, confusion began. The employee looked at us in surprise and could not answer the question due to his poor command of English. It later turned out that not all dishes on the menu were available at the restaurant. The waiter couldn't tell us exactly which dishes were available and which weren't, he kept making mistakes and called the kitchen. During our lunch the staff changed and we had to re-explain that the meal was included in the full board.² Instead of a normal sized pool on the terrace there was a splash pool surrounded by tables and people smoking. The spa turned out to be quite mediocre - a small pool, a jacuzzi without water, a hammam and a sauna. I liked that the TV caught channels from all over the world. The room was pretty good, but there was no view from the window, only fans. It later turned out that they came from the kitchen and could not be opened due to the strong smell. *** This hotel did not quite meet my expectations. This is very special and exclusive with its Spa and private Dienstleistungen. This is a big gain. Also, contact your friend personally, drop Koffer and save Zimmer. But when we asked about the availability of lunch, confusion arose. Mitarbeiterin travels very quickly, ensuring that Fage Mangels is not translated into English. All around the restaurant, nothing was done. Kellner was not knowledgeable at all, not very well informed and had not experienced anything at all, so that he could become more knowledgeable and get rid of Küche. It gives more personal advantage and therefore should be better for Essen, which leads to a lower Pension fight. The pools lead into a normal-sized pool, the Tischen and the Rauchenden towards the Planschbecken Terrasse. The spa has a wide range of facilities including a small pool, a whirlpool, a hammam and a sauna. The sender of the sender was considered Welt empfängt. The room was nice but there was no view from the window, just fans. Everything is fine, we are always in Küche and the Fenster Wegen des Stechenden Geruchs has no connection. 164. Comment: Don't be fooled by this hotel's 3.7 rating! They constantly ask you to give them a good review when you leave the hotel, and they insist that you do so while they are standing next to you. 165. Comment: The hotel is in the best location and all tourist attractions are within walking distance. The breakfast buffet is very varied and the restaurant turns into a real feast in the evenings. The staff are friendly and professional, but they don't always speak English. The language is strong. Despite slight mold on the connections in the shower area and dust in the ventilation, the cleanliness is very good. As many organizers incorrectly describe, only a few rooms have balconies. All in all, highly recommended. 166. Comment: We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. It is a 1-minute walk from the metro, about 5 minutes walk from the Spice Bazaar and within walking distance of other attractions. The hotel is comfortable and reasonably priced. Breakfast is simple. There is a roof terrace with a pool, but it was not in use when we visited. There is a gym, spa and indoor swimming pool. The rooms are average and we had a room with an extra single bed. The view from our rooms wasn't great so if needed talk to the staff to get moved. One of the things we discovered during our month-long trip in Turkey was that the English proficiency level of people in the tourism sector is not very good. Keep Google Translate with you. 167. Comment: Very attentive staff. Mustafa is a very kind person. 168. Comment: When we come to Eminönü to buy materials for our shop, we prefer it because of its proximity. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff is friendly, the rooms and bathrooms are sparkling clean, our beds and pillows are spotlessly clean and do not smell, the breakfast is clean and delicious. I recommend it to anyone who wants to stay at 169. Comment: Its only advantage is its location. Otherwise it is a shabby hotel that does not deserve 4 stars. Old fashioned, cockroaches in the room when we arrived, terrible breakfast. 170. Comment: September 15, 2023 Upon arrival, we immediately expressed our concerns about our room not having a window. The lack of natural light and ventilation made us feel claustrophobic and the overall environment was quite uncomfortable. After breakfast we were advised to go back to reception and they would be able to change our room, so we were left with no choice but to stay in the rooms provided. On September 16, 2023 after breakfast we went to reception as advised and were told that there were no rooms available and that we would have to come back tomorrow as a large group, we were checking out and were told that the rooms would be available. So once again we spent another night in uncomfortable conditions. On September 17, 2023, after breakfast, we went to the reception again and this time we were told that the rooms would be available at 14:00. When I went to the reception at 13:50, I was told that there were no available rooms because someone had given the room to someone else. At this point I was very disappointed as we had to cancel our plans for the day and pack our bags to move to a new room at 2pm. I expressed my concerns and was not satisfied with the service I received. I also told my father that it was difficult to sleep in these conditions. Unfortunately, the lack of rest left him feeling exhausted and led to him falling down due to low energy. This could pose a serious health hazard and deeply concern our family. It has been three days since we first raised these concerns and we feel like we have been deceived. We were under the impression that the hotel would meet our needs, especially considering the circumstances. The staff at the reception were very rude and intimidating, especially two people like Yasin and Charmane who lied to us multiple times about being managers when I asked to speak to a manager. We chose your hotel based on its reputation and truly hope that our experience can be corrected immediately. We request a suitable room change as promised on the first night. Please understand that our health and well-being is paramount. This was my family's first vacation and so far the experience has been nothing short of a nightmare. 171. Comment: Perfect except for 1 day the room did not match the one we rented but when we brought up the issue it was a great special mention to Ms. Sheima. 172. Comment: Staff is not friendly. The day we boarded they refused to store our bags for us when we asked for them, after initially agreeing to do so. The room was small and the "balcony" was a joke. Same menu for breakfast every day, no smiles. The bed was extremely uncomfortable. I would not recommend it. 173. Comment: Breakfast was excellent, staff very friendly, we requested a free room upgrade. 174. Comment: I used the gym and masseuse facilities for a week. Wonderful and welcoming staff, most professional and attentive. Affordable and convenient location surrounded by quality restaurants and the lively atmosphere of the old town. I'll be back and next time I'll get a room there so I can sample their cocktails at the cool bar on the corner of the street. 175. Comment: Central and convenient location to visit the city centre, but a bit old building with small rooms. A bit old, needs a renovation with a few more comforts. Breakfast is very poor, with little variety and staff that doesn't really care about the room. In general, there are various shortcomings... Not 4 stars as stated for the structure, if it is 3 stars...