1. Yorum: This is our 8th stay at this hotel and we are still delighted. The only thing that didn't pollen this year was something happened to the food. It's still tasty, just a smaller selection, but we'll be here for another 10 days maybe they'll surprise us. We love this hotel and recommend it to everyone. 2. Yorum: It was my second time there and I was very pleased. Very nice and helpful service. In particular, I would like to greet the lady at the pasta dinner who was always nice and smiling. Minus: no ayrans in the refrigerators. 3. Yorum: We went pre-season and we really enjoyed it. Peace and quiet, few people and relaxation. Heated swimming pool for small children and with slides. The food was tasty, the rooms were ok. 4. Yorum: Turkey Antalya IC Hotels Green Palace ***** Another good hotel for families with children, nice green area, lots of slides for children, rooms located in the main building and villas, directly on the beach, well-kept and clean. 5. Yorum: We were there with my son, there were plenty of attractions for children, the staff spoke very little English. The food for people on a gluten-free diet is very poor, I do not recommend this place for people with Celiac disease. Very clean throughout the hotel. The last minus is the very loud music outside until midnight. 6. Yorum: Rooms clean, cleaned daily. Unfortunately, the bar is not restocked every day. You can hear conversations from the corridor quite clearly. The hotel itself is very nice. Lots of pools and greenery. Plus admission to the swimming pool for people +16. Nice beach, cool bar. Personally, I missed the evening attractions, they were not very attractive. The food is very good P. s. and the waiter Ibrahim should get a raise 😁 7. Yorum: One of the worst hotels I've ever been to, 3-star rooms, old and damaged furniture, a bathtub in the bathroom with a bad drain. Loud music until 11:30 pm that can be heard in the rooms, impossible to fall asleep. Corridors with dirty, flooded carpeting, on other floors it simply stinks. As for the restaurant, we had nothing to eat, the egg mass for the omelet was poured from a cardboard box!! No Poles, deckchairs are plastic and full of holes. Behind the hotel there is a busy street. Never again! 8. Yorum: Very good hotel. The service in the restaurant and cafe was nice and helpful (sometimes they cleared the plates too quickly :) ). Wide selection of food. Lots of attractions for children and adults (yoga with Julia was great! Same thing with water volleyball with Macr.). The large hotel grounds mean you don't feel the crowds. Sometimes it was annoying to see the sun loungers occupied by towels and the lack of people. Couldn't find a seat at the pools. Interesting evening performances. I highly recommend 9. Yorum: If you enjoy the company of Russians, this is the perfect place, as are many tourist places I have visited. The food was tasty, the alcohol was also ok, I really have nothing to complain about. Some staff make it clear that they expect a tip. 10. Yorum: A fantastic hotel for families with children. The cuisine was excellent as well as the service. Rooms clean, minibar restocked daily. One minus - miller beer at the Beach bar available only to the chosen ones :( . You have to negotiate hard to get it. 11. Yorum: The perfect hotel for a relaxing break. Beautifully maintained facility!!! Delicious food, mega clean, nice service. Both waterfalls are worth seeing. Perfect 12. Yorum: Great hotel, great service, especially for families with children. I highly recommend it. 13. Yorum: Hotel for family holidays. High quality of service. I recommend 14. Yorum: Great hotel, I recommend it for a relaxing stay. November 2017. 15. Comment: 💪🎉❤… 16. Yorum: Great hotel for vacation 😎… 17. Yorum: Unforgettable holiday 18. Comment: Polecam!!! 19. Comment: Super hotel 20. Yorum: October 2024. Family of 3. Great hotel! We arrived at the hotel early in the morning, around 8:00. There are nice administrators at the reception. We asked to be shown a room, preferably with a sea view. We were kindly offered to view room 3008. In my opinion this is the room with the best standard. Top floor with beautiful views of the sea and hotel grounds! And we also checked in at 10:00! Thanks to the reception and personal thanks to the manager Hanzade! The hotel territory is surrounded by greenery, luxurious palm trees, large pine trees, by the way, they are numbered, they were preserved during the construction of the hotel. And there are many other beautiful trees and shrubs, and they are also beautiful because they are cared for and given different shapes. The Mixology Bar is a completely different story and I would say it is the intoxicating soul of the hotel. Bartender Arkan is simply a genius at creating cocktails, thank you! I won't write about the food, in my opinion there is plenty of it, everything is delicious, good logistics and decor. Although many in the reviews write that something is missing... I would like to see their breakfasts in my home kitchen :) Performances in the amphitheater at the level of 5* hotels. In the evenings you can listen to live music by the pool. Overall, there is a normal amount of entertainment in the evening! It certainly won't be boring, everyone will find what they're looking for. In the evening they play the piano on the forehead. The pools are located throughout the hotel, and vacationers simply melt into this space without noticing each other. Two nice water parks, for children and adults. There are plenty of slides, you can ride on "cheesecakes" or just. The slides are high, no less than 5 stories. Room service is up to par. Animators do not let you get bored all day long, they organize various competitions, such as: boccia, darts, archery, aqua aerobics, volleyball, football, etc., Bravo, they deserve special thanks! At the hotel we met wonderful people from Moscow and Perm. One couple has been coming to this hotel for 20 years in a row and always in October. Other guests from Perm have already made more than 10 visits, twice a year: in summer and in early October. And this consistency says a lot about this hotel, to which you want to return! That's why we are thinking of coming here next year and in October! 21. Yorum: Simply perfect. I can only say positive things about this hotel. The staff is polite, helpful and friendly. The clubs and children's clubs are well-equipped and the staff working there are very enthusiastic about their work and caring for the children. Food: another level; great variety of food and the quality is brilliant (desserts are delicious!). There are plenty of activities for adults and children, you'll never be bored! Thank you for this experience. 22. Yorum: We just got back from a family vacation at IC Green Palace and I sincerely wish we could have stayed forever! We had a great time, all the staff were friendly and helpful, always making our daughters smile and laugh.… 23. Yorum: Overall, Green Palace is a great place to stay, especially for families. The entire surroundings are lush, green and spacious, and the private beach is an added bonus. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the staff are very hard working… 24. Yorum: We were at this hotel for the first time and based on our previous hotel experiences I can say that it has more positives than negatives. Even though we took a land view room, they gave us a pool view room. They quickly offered a solution to the problem we had with the room and left the choice to us. The food is good, sufficient variety, we did not have to stand in line at the food court. We were very pleased with the service. The staff are friendly and caring. The pool area is very large, there are enough sun loungers. The a la carte snack bar section (free) is very well thought out. You order from the menu and it comes to your table. The food is delicious and prepared with care. On the last day, at the suggestion of Mrs. Çimen from the animation group, we discovered the miksilogy bar, and the drinks were very tasty, definitely worth trying. Mr. Mahmut, who worked at the Mixilogy bar, was very polite and friendly, we were very pleased. I hope the appropriate hotel unit will pass this satisfaction on to him again. The only downside for us was that the sea was not beautiful. We went in once and never went back. Perhaps it is a temporary evil, I don't know anything about it. Thank you for everything. 25. Yorum: Overall, excellent hotel, bar service is one of the best in the world. Premium branded beverages, unlimited poolside bottle bars, cocktail bars, coffee and more!||Indoor pool closed throughout… 26. Yorum: Hello everyone! In Turkey we have been in the top five more than 10 times. If you want to spoil your vacation and health this hotel is perfect!!! We were given a villa because our 2 rooms were not ready although we booked in advance. They refused, but we had to survive the first day there. They treated it as a favor to us. After a little scandal they gave us rooms with a pool view! Beautiful One in a quiet part, the other near live music. There is a catastrophic shortage of waiters, bartenders and other service staff are extremely unfriendly. It wouldn't hurt to cheer up the animators themselves! There is literally no animation at all. Huge queues at the restaurant. The pools are icy. There were too few sun loungers. Compatriots borrowed money for future use, then conflicts arose. The mini club offers all kinds of fun activities in the morning, perfect for sunbathing. The children are therefore left to their own devices. We ran over my leg with a car and my finger was bleeding. The Lego tournament your child has been waiting for. Only Lego is not available in the hotel on this level. The adults suffered from an intestinal infection and sore throat and had to be admitted to hospital. Antibiotics prescribed All vacationers have a cough... A child has contracted Turkish chickenpox, which is running around the hotel! Coxsackie Rash and high fever. Ruined vacation! A separate article could be written about bars and cocktails. The beach bar offers mostly local alcohol, but the lobby and pool bar are of higher quality! The rooms are cleaned thoroughly and regularly, and shavings were left scattered on the floor throughout the stay. 2 elevators for the entire building You stand in line and then go to the end of the floor. In a la carte restaurants only a fee is charged... As a bonus we got 1 visit and chose an Italian restaurant. Definitely not worth paying for, except maybe the view from the top. 27. Yorum: I loved the hotel! The first thing that impressed me was the territory. You feel like you are in a forest or park with hundred year old trees, a very green hotel and lives up to its name. Secondly, food. In addition to the variety of, so to speak, ordinary, familiar food, every day they offer exclusive dishes and exotic fruits, for example, pitaya, pineapple, as well as red fish in different preserves every day, magnum and scoop ice cream, cocktails are great, especially in the mixology bar. We've stayed in higher end hotels before, but the food selection here was impressive. Special thanks to the staff - they meet you halfway. On the eve of arrival I wrote to the hotel and asked for a room on the first floor, in the end they settled where they wanted, called the reception with various requests (remote control, extra blanket and pillow) everything was sorted out within 10 minutes) also met halfway asking friends to let them into the hotel for a day) In general, I definitely recommend the hotel. Especially for families with children. 28. Yorum: Now we rest here. From 7.10. Large, green area, coniferous trees, palm trees, simply a view 🔥. There are a variety of pools to suit all tastes, including a pool for over 16s where you can swim to your heart's content without small children. The beach is excellent, soft sand, the entrance to the sea is small pebbles with sand, much better than in Belek, where it is sometimes extremely difficult to enter. There is sand at the entrance to the sea, the sea itself is calm almost all day long, in the afternoon there are small waves that you won't even notice. There is a pier here from which everyone, from the youngest to the oldest, actively jumps. There is a water park, there are enough slides, there are no queues, you can ride as much as you want. There is a bit of a problem with the availability of sunbeds on the beach, especially for those who like to sleep in until 11, but we didn't experience any problems. Many different bars on the way to the beach and on the beach itself. Imported alcohol is on every corner, you will not feel its shortage. Chivas 12 Year Old is standard for lunch and dinner. The whiskey selection is decent, on the beach Ballantynes, Jim Beam, at the pool bar - Gentleman Jack, Black Label, Chivas etc., Gordon’s gin, Beefeater, Baileys, you won’t be sad at all. In the lobby bar the selection is even larger and from 10am you can go on a tour). We didn't go to the animation, we like to sleep at night on vacation and not dig around, but we heard it was there and it was quite active. They gave us a great room with a view of the pool and the sea, we didn't pay anything extra. The service in restaurants is amazing, I never went for drinks, everything you need will be served to the table. Ala carte restaurants are paid, there are several of them, we were in one, bluefish, on the seafront. To be honest, it was good that the hotel paid a compliment and this visit was free, because there was no way to pay the indicated 45 euros per person. The presentation is not bad, but the portions are very small, the shrimp in tempura came 2 (!) pieces, I guess it's so as not to burst) But overall IC is an excellent hotel, I definitely recommend it for a vacation. I think I'll come back here again. 29. Yorum: We rested in this hotel with my family from 8 to 13/10/24! It was wonderful! Check-in took place immediately after a delicious dinner; we were offered a room in a higher category than the one we had booked. Guest Relation girls, Oksana and… 30. Comment: To good hotel. The food is good and plenty of choice at every meal. Unfortunately, the dishes are not suitable for allergy sufferers, especially the desserts, which contain nuts everywhere, lack this distinction. We stayed in this hotel with 4 children, the rooms were too small. The location is not ideal as you always need a taxi for shopping. 31. Yorum: A wonderful hotel with green areas, pine trees and palm trees – an interesting combination. The food is tasty and varied, and there is a separate table for the youngest. Animation and children's club, water park, interesting evening shows. Friendly staff, I especially want to mention Shukra, she is polite and always asks how you are. 32. Yorum: I received service that exceeded my expectations. The food is very good compared to hotels in this area. The rooms are spacious. The staff is friendly. Great for kids. In the restaurant part they also created a separate section for children, which is a very thoughtful solution. The rooms are a bit outdated, but there is absolutely no problem with cleanliness. I liked that it was among the trees. I will come again. 33. Yorum: My wife and I came to the hotel for the first time and we are very pleased. Huge green area, beautiful places to rest and relax. We tried the ala carte restaurants, thanks to Natalia from Guest Relations for organising. Very tasty Hesein, great waiter in a Mexican restaurant. Large selection of drinks throughout the hotel. We would like to return to this hotel again. 34. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful – very clean and the staff are welcoming. We are impressed with the all-inclusive option – it really is all-inclusive with food and drinks! There are plenty of pools and a water park to choose from, as well as a gorgeous beach. Alexandra and Ozan from Guest Services were also very helpful. 35. Yorum: We loved this hotel!|A couple in their 30s who visited us the first week of October.||The hotel grounds are beautiful and green, which we really liked. We have always found the staff to be very friendly (even… 36. Yorum: Nice hotel in a beautiful resort. Very child friendly and the staff go out of their way to ensure your stay is enjoyable. The cleaning was very good by Derya and her colleagues. Ferda has a special place in our hearts, she works in a restaurant and was very nice to our daughter. We definitely plan to return to this nice place on a beautiful beach. Oktoberfest was amazing! 37. Yorum: It was a pleasant stay :) The evenings were always fun not only for us but also for the kids, whether it was a kids show, animation show or DJ nights! The DJ plays great music, but I have to say that Sunday music on… 38. Yorum: Even though the hotel is packed, people disperse because there are many pools and attractions and it doesn't feel too crowded. The hotel area is very large and the space was used very efficiently, so we felt comfortable in the hotel. The food was average. We were very pleased with the team that made the omelette and baked potato pancakes. The staff is friendly and provides good service. Overall we were pleased with our holiday, but I would like to express some negative situations that I observed. Room cleaning, towel change, mini bar deficiencies were poorly remedied. I came to Kidsclub with high hopes as there were three separate clubs for children aged 0-3, 4-10 and 10-18 but only one kids club was open and there were all age groups. The employees of the children's club are very nice people, but I didn't like their approach to children, they are indifferent towards children. You go into a children's club, I let them out to pasture, the kids are just hanging out, there is no one to lead them to, someone is crying, someone is tied up, no one cares, even when it's time for classes, the staff does not call the kids, they calmly leave the classes at the tables and leave. The children's curriculum is detailed but never strictly followed. Unfortunately, one of the hotels he became famous for lacked a kids' club. I hope they fix this situation. I don't think this fits in with a child-friendly hotel. However, their classes are very nice, but they can solve this situation if the problem of lack of staff and managers is eliminated. Salt painting can be done in the Kids Club area for 5 euros. It would be good even if it was not paid, but I skipped it, there is no salt of any color, there are only two handfuls of salt in the buckets, it was sloppy, I think it lowered the quality of the hotel salt. Apart from the negative aspects I mentioned, the hotel was satisfactory. This is a nice hotel to stay with children. 39. Yorum: We came to this hotel. I liked the hotel very much, service and attention at the highest level. We visited a Mexican restaurant, excellent food and service. Special thanks to Hussein who served us. The guys at Guesr Relatione were great, very quick with their time and service to help us cope professionally. Special thanks to Ozana and Lyubov. Very fast and acceptable transfer service at the taxi stand in the lobby. Special thanks to Bach. The room was good, we stayed in room 2032. The view from the balcony was good. We plan to visit other Ala Carta restaurants. I highly recommend it to everyone, delicious and cool. 40. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and 4 days. We had a girls' vacation and left happy. First of all, all the hotel staff were very helpful and caring, I didn't know who to thank. Especially since we are Turkish, we were given special attention and did not feel any favoritism from foreign tourists. If I want to give details about the hotel, their open buffet was more than enough, in the mixology bar they made delicious cocktails, we liked it very much :), the young friends working in the cafe were friendly, our sister who made baked potatoes was very sweet, Mr. Hakan in the aqua park was very helpful and friendly. I have nothing bad to say about the hotel service. The hotel had lots of large living areas, was very hygiene conscious and common areas were cleaned regularly. I will write down a few points that I think are missing; The number of pools is sufficient, but the pool for people over 16 (one of the reasons we chose the hotel) was constantly used by families with children. We have mentioned this situation but it has not received enough attention. The Arab customer profile in the hotel is sometimes irritating; they buy products with their hands at open buffets and do not care about hygiene. They undress their children and leave them naked in public places. Overall the food was good, we couldn't eat much of the red meat and dishes prepared from it for dinner because they were too smelly for us. 41. Yorum: Rating: 6/10 Our recent stay at the resort had its ups and downs. Positives: One of the standout features was how kid-friendly the resort was, especially in terms of the amenities. The kids disco and night shows such as bubbles, trolls and the lab were well done and a highlight for our family. The buffet also offered a large selection of food, which was a pleasant surprise. Negatives: Unfortunately the room we stayed in was quite dated and looked like it hadn't been renovated in years. The kids club was a big disappointment, with very basic activities and unenthusiastic staff who didn't seem interested in engaging the children or having fun. In general the hotel staff lacked initiative and were not very helpful. Upon arrival we were not given an adequate explanation of the facilities and services available, which made it difficult for us to fully enjoy the resort's offerings. Additionally, some services such as hair braiding, spas, and water activities were overpriced. Overall: While our stay had some nice aspects, especially for the kids, the overall experience did not live up to expectations. With improvements to customer service and a friendlier, more engaging staff, the resort can provide a much better experience. 42. Yorum: Everything was great, the DJ had great music and the food was great, but I would like to see more variety :) As for the entertainment team, Merve was really the friendliest and always there! It was always nice to talk… 43. Yorum: This hotel is not the most noticeable of all the great beach hotels east of Antalya. But we received a very friendly welcome in the magnificent lobby. The room was big enough and clean. With the “All Inclusive” option.… 44. Yorum: This hotel is fantastic! Everyone we met was very friendly. The facilities are amazing! The food and drinks are great. I lack nothing. The room is great. Perfect for what you need. We had a faulty hairdryer which was repaired very quickly. Children keep saying: “They are in paradise!” 45. Yorum: ADULTS WITHOUT CHILDREN DO NOT COME!!! The quality of the hotel food, the quality of the alcohol, the swimming pools, everything is very nice, but you can't enjoy anything because of the large number of children. The bars are like playgrounds for children, although the hotel has many children's areas, there is ONE relaxation pool +16, but children use it without following the rules. In conclusion, if you have children, this hotel is perfect for you, but if you don't have children, don't even pass it by!!! 46. Yorum: As a family with 2 children we had a very nice holiday at this hotel. We believe that child friendliness and hygiene are extremely important. The hotel staff is very friendly. Just ask once and they will do their best to arrange it. This is my first experience. The kids club was very nice, clean and safe. We managed to leave the kids for a while to have time for coffee. The indoor playground is accessible without shoes and the rules of play are very clear. This also applies to the swimming pool. There are clear rules and the staff is very good at supervising. The cleaning staff could pay more attention when cleaning. The beds still had beach sand underneath the mattress and the baseboards were dusty. The table (kettle) was never dusted during our stay. Classes are available all day. For both adults and children. The day is over in the blink of an eye. We didn't use the beach as we didn't need it, but it looked tidy. Every evening there is a show for children and adults. There is also live music every evening. The evening children's show ends here on time so that the children can go to bed on time. I have experienced in other hotels that it gets very late. The food in the main restaurant was very tasty and there were several lines for food. The buffets are well spaced out. The children's restaurant has a TV with children's movies. The only drawback is that the fries, spaghetti etc. cannot be served in the children's buffet. Everything has clearly been thought out. The Mexican and Asian a la carte restaurants were also very tasty. Mehmet mouth from Asia did a very good job. His sushi was delicious. The caregiver Huseyin was very friendly and helped us with food for the kids. Murat from Mexico is a really hardworking man. It doesn't stand still for even a moment. The only thing I miss in the lobby is a drawing table where kids can easily check out and check in. I have already seen all the hotels in this row. IC Hotels is currently at the forefront for us in terms of quality. On Instagram @pretmetkids I shared stories about the concept of children in the stories presented. 47. Yorum: Close to the airport, about 20 minutes by taxi. First line, good area around the hotel. There are basically no questions about nutrition. everything is good and tasty.… 48. Yorum: First of all, I would like to thank the entire team at IC Hotels Green Palace. We had a very nice holiday. Everything was perfect for me in terms of food, hygiene, entertainment, friendliness and quality. We had a very nice 4-day holiday. The team worked like a bee, and I would like to emphasize that by this team I mean all employees, including the rescuers. Of course, before arriving at the hotel I read the comments like everyone else and saw the negative opinions that made me have some prejudices, and when I arrived at the hotel I realized that I was very wrong. I don't want you to experience this situation too. I regret to say that I do not understand the people who wrote these negative opinions and that you can come to the hotel with peace of mind when it comes to all the issues described in these comments, except for one topic. First of all, hygiene; I would like to emphasize that I am a meticulous person and the hygiene in the hotel was really good, I never had any problems. Everything, from plates, forks and spoons to the cleanliness of the rooms and bedding, the cleanliness of the toilets, the interior of the bathroom and the cleaning of the sun loungers, had been thought out in great detail and was spotlessly clean. I would even like to point out this; On the way from the pool to the sea there is a small stone path, and some guests spill food and drinks on this stone path while walking along it. Right behind them, a staff with brushes and a bucket full of bleach and water in their hands cleans even the smallest stains. Seeing this once again, I was very pleased with the hotel's hygiene. I think that what I have written will dispel any prejudices you may have as a result of bad comments about hygiene. There are many people from the Arab culture; This is the topic I was talking about when I said that you can come to me with peace of mind on any topic except for one title that was written in the comments above. I think this topic changes depending on when you arrive at the hotel. During the 4 days I was there there was a high concentration of people from British and Arab culture, so it was not just about people from Arab culture. Personally, I have not experienced any problems or discomfort with either Arab or British density. We finally had the opportunity to try Italian a la carte. It was a really nice experience. I would especially like to point out that because I am from the Southeast, I went there not sure if I would like the food, but every plate put in front of us was truly delicious. The presentation and attention were also nice. At this point I would also like to congratulate the chef, each plate prepared was very tasty. I would also like to thank the waiter there, Mr. Hüseyin, who took care of us in the best possible way despite the limited time we had because we had another program in the evening. It was obvious that he perfected his profession in a very competent, caring and professional manner. I would like to recommend this beautiful experience to everyone. It was a very nice holiday in every respect. 49. Yorum: I recently had the pleasure of staying at the IC Hotel with my family and I must admit that it was an exceptional experience from start to finish. From the moment I arrived I was greeted with a warm smile and exceptional service. The check-in process was smooth and the staff made every effort to make me feel welcome. The hotel facilities were equally impressive. The fitness center was well equipped and the spa was a great place to relax. The pool was an oasis of calm. Every staff member I encountered was courteous, professional and truly committed to making my stay perfect. Their attention to detail and willingness to go the extra mile made a significant difference. To sum up, my stay at IC Hotel was simply exceptional. The combination of luxurious accommodations, excellent cuisine, superb facilities and exceptional service made this an unforgettable experience. I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a top-quality stay. The room was immaculate and beautifully designed, the perfect blend of comfort and elegance. The bed was extremely comfortable, ensuring a good night's sleep, and the amenities provided were top notch. I especially appreciated the attention to detail, from the plush bathrobes to the high-quality toiletries. 50. Yorum: Overall the hotel leaves a good impression. It offers delicious and varied food, lots of cool places and attractions for children, and ways to relax for adults. The rooms are a little worn, but since you're outside most of the time, it doesn't really matter. The only thing that really made our first few days difficult was the fact that outside our windows there was a stage where a DJ played loud music until midnight. Luckily, we were then offered a room on the other side of the building. So be careful and let the hotel know in advance if you need a quiet room. 51. Yorum: Never leave your car keys behind because they can damage them. Our handbrake broke and the front bumper was scratched. We told them on the way back but they didn't care. They didn't even prepare a report. Before we set off, we were left with a broken handbrake. Food is the same every day and ok, kids club and park are poor, time is limited. The section with water slides is not in use, under the care of the Gestapo. The children's water park is very small and has only 2 short slides. Don't let the photos fool you, they are all tiny. The minibar is never restocked. The room cleaning is terrible. Basically, everywhere you go you are constantly being followed and watched by hotel staff. This is not convenient. There is no interest. The service is bad. The animations were nice, but the presenter was nervous. The sea is always rocky, wavy and dirty. We regret this very much. We would never choose again. 1 out of 10, but it deserves it. 14 thousand a night is a complete disappointment. It was garbage. It's not worth it, I'm sure there are high quality places that will do it justice. 52. Yorum: This is my first hotel review in Turkey. And yes, IC green palace, beautiful green surroundings, entrance to the sea ideal, especially with children. The room equipment, although not new, is quite decent, everything is clean, the mattress… 53. Yorum: Friendly and helpful staff. We enjoyed every meal, although some of them were repetitive. The kids really enjoyed the water park and slides. The evening entertainment was brilliant. How was the room with a pool/sea view? The band played most of the night, which we could hear from our room, but they didn't play very late. I will book again on 54. Yorum: We have been here as a family for 2 days and we have had the opportunity to stay in many hotels around the world and have experienced; I wanted to write a review for those who read the comments before arriving at the hotel and were concerned. I have never seen such staff who do their job properly and deserve every penny of what they earn. Emine Hanım and Gül Hanım, who are responsible for cleaning the rooms, Neslihan Hanım, the floor manager, Ozan Bey and Senem Hanım from the guest services department were extremely polite and did not hesitate to do everything we asked for. They are very kind, very naive ♥️ But I am most grateful when it comes to food, because my 6-month-old daughter is allergic to milk and dairy products, eggs, etc., so I stick to a strict diet, in the morning, at noon and in the evening everything I want is prepared right away. Chef Umut, Chef Faruk, Mr. Süleyman, Mr. Emrah, Mr. Cesur, Mr. Nihat, the waiters are also extremely polite, I would like to thank Zeynep and Sedef who welcomed us at the door of the restaurant, all the other chefs, cooks and waiters whose names I do not know. By the way, THE FOOD IS AMAZING! The Kids Club offers a variety of activities throughout the day, perfect for the little ones! Thank you to the sisters from the game and Mrs. Kader for accepting the entries! I would also like to thank the hotel manager İsmail Bey, who gathered the whole team and took care of us before we even arrived. The pools are very clean and large, the guests are mostly foreigners, but since the area is huge, you won't meet them :) Come with peace of mind 🌸 55. Yorum: The hotel is good overall. I stayed with my husband and 14 month old daughter for 8 nights. The service is luxurious, the hotel is luxurious but overall I can't give 5 stars due to minor irritating things like mosquitoes (this was treated when we were there but my husband got bitten badly the first 5 nights). Typically this is treated in advance, but that was not the case at this hotel. Sometimes the chicken was not fully cooked, which could be dangerous. Or some staff (one, two or three) were not very nice with non-Turkish speakers, which was really discriminatory for a tourist hotel. Also our room was on the side where the live music was in the evening and our daughter kept waking up because the music was too loud and the windows are too thin and didn't block out any noise from outside (we were on the third floor). This was our biggest problem. But all in all I'm glad we went there for our vacation because the hotel itself is really clean and beautiful and we had an amazing 9 days there but the little things were sometimes really annoying. The rooms are clean, the animation team is amazing, the pools are wonderful. The activities for the little ones are great. I believe this is a family hotel. The food is really good and varied. 56. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for the first time in September 2024 with my husband and 11-year-old son. We would like to thank Aiperi from Guest Relations. A very nice, honest, open and positive girl who helped us a lot during… 57. Yorum: We spent our vacation at IC Santai Belek in 2022 and 2023, we were very satisfied, I have comments in the past, based on our satisfaction, this year we chose IC Green Palace. Complete disappointment. The profile of the guests had really changed; men in shalwars and bearded suits. But what saddens me most is that the hotel has 2 aqua parks, one for adults and one for children. Children can usually use both. It was always like this during previous holidays. We used to have fun as a family in the adult pool, but due to an accident in the adult pool last year, children under 125 cm tall are not allowed in the adult pool. It seems very easy to me. Imposing a ban as a solution. We offered to sign the report, stating that all responsibility rests with us. Should we try to get everyone to sign the report? The official said, "You will have to work hard." If there is an accident at the pool, maybe next year they won't let children in the pool. It is also worth paying attention to the attitude of the rescuers. PROHIBITED. PROHIBITED. They seem to enjoy it. They talk like a zero-sum teacher. This can be explained much more delicately. On to the remaining surprises. When my son got impatient while buying waffles, I told the aunt on duty that she was an aunt, so she told my son to be a little patient. I have never seen such things in Santai Belek. They always spoke with pleasure. At 10 the cafe closes, I throw you out, at 10:01 you ask for water, there's none. Prohibited. It was a holiday with many restrictions. Furthermore, the shared toilets were not clean at all. Santai was sharp every time I entered Belek. And I have never witnessed it being closed for cleaning. They also lock them up here for cleaning, like a mall restroom. I won't share photos so as not to upset anyone, but I can say that I have never once seen the toilets in the common areas clean. As I was about to go to the toilet, the assistant said, "Cleaning will begin." I replied, “I’m too stuck.” He repeated: "IT'S FORBIDDEN." As for food, it did not have a very rich cuisine compared to Santa Belek. You leave the room in the morning, the smell of food is everywhere, the building is not good, ventilation, etc. The bathrooms have bathtubs and they get clogged all the time. Our car was parked by a valet, they called us at the first entrance and told us to pull the car out of the spot where you parked it during your night out, saying you parked in the wrong spot. Sorry, the valet has already parked the car. There was some confusion. The only plus was the ala carte snack. Overall we were not satisfied. It was a holiday full of disappointments and prohibitions. I am an addict, I can go to one place for years, but after this year I have no intention of choosing any. 58. Yorum: I have stayed at IC Santai before and I wanted to take the hotel home… As of today, we have finished our vacation as a couple at IC Green Palace. First of all I would like to thank Mr. Mürsel at the reception for his attention. Even though our booking was delivered late by our travel agent, his approach and crisis management was very good. He even gave us a room early since we had just come back from work (I thank him for that too). Mr. Ismail at the lobby bar was a very gracious gentleman who prepared some truly excellent cocktails. I would like to thank him for the delicious cocktails and sweet language and I would also like to thank the bar manager Ramazan Bey for his effort and kindness. satisfy your customers. A true leader. We leave the hotel very satisfied. If we talk about the disadvantages, there are too many Iranian and Saudi tourists in the hotel, who are mostly far from such concepts as speaking in a normal voice, respecting personal space, empathy, etc. This lowers the quality of your brand. A bit. As for the animation team, it is very difficult to see their presence outside the activity pool. Announcements of activities must be published. The number of employees in the department where baked potatoes and flatbreads are produced is also very small I would like to thank Meryem Hanım, Simge Hanım and the other lady, they were very polite and very friendly. There is a long queue at the restaurant where the omelette is prepared and the reason for this is that there is only one employee there, Bar Chef Mehmet Bey Thank you very much, it was a very good example for me that every time he saw us he asked how we were, if we had any problems, if there was anything we wanted. Please staff happy because they made us very happy and that is why we chose the IC Hotels group again They took the initiative Merta Orcana 59. Yorum: Overall I liked the hotel. Personally, this is one of the best hotels to visit with family. We stayed with my friend for 4 nights. I can say that the sea in September is very wavy, but they made up for this gap with the swimming pool and… 60. Yorum: We had a very nice holiday at the IC Hotel. We would like to thank the services of Mr. Mürsel and the entire reception staff. We were very pleased with the interest shown by Kenan, who worked at the snack bar. The refreshments served in our room were also very nice. I would like to thank all managers for their interest. 61. Yorum: My husband and I visited the hotel for the first time and stayed in a standard room. The room is nice, decorated in a discreet style. I would like to point out that the area is huge and very clean 👌 Large selection and variety of food, delicious. I was pleasantly pleased with the service of the guest relations department 😊Natalia is smiling and very nice ☺️ We will come again with great pleasure. 62. Yorum: My wife and I came to the hotel for the first time and we are very pleased. Huge green area, beautiful places to rest and relax. | We tried the ala carte restaurant, thanks to Natalia and Oksana from the guest relations department for… 63. Yorum: We spent 10 wonderful days at the hotel. The rooms are quite outdated and really need refreshing. The showers worked well, but the exit was very slippery. The food was really good, lots of choice at every meal. The pools and grounds are beautiful and well kept. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help. The spa was amazing. I had a really good massage for 60 euros, it was worth it. 64. Yorum: We stayed with our family with our two children from July 14 to 24, 2024.||||Positive points:||- Beautiful facilities, with several large pools, a pool for small children with a playground and a pool park Aquatics.||- Lots of space at… 65. Yorum: Pros: When we checked in, we didn't like the room they changed us to. For this special thanks to the girl from the guest reports Lyubov Akkaya. And also for this inconvenience we received a free visit to Mexican… 66. Yorum: Great hotel with our 4 year old daughter. The food is also very good, varied and very tasty, the herbs are well used. I would go back there again in a heartbeat. There are some great shows in the evenings, yesterday we saw… 67. Yorum: The hotel is okay, but I wouldn't stay here again. I would never give 5 starts to this hotel. Our room was very old fashioned, the fridge door in our room kept opening so drinks were always warm. When we arrived the first night we asked for an extra bed for my son which they provided very quickly but a few days after the bed simply disappeared from our room without anyone asking us about it. The TV channels are crap and the TV controls just decided not to work on time, I had to turn the TV off and sometimes that fixed it. The food at the restaurant seemed to be the same every night. I'm not impressed at all. The good thing is the pools, the temperature is pleasant, not freezing. The kids club was nice and tidy and the hotel facilities are very nice. 68. Yorum: Service was excellent, staff|Always friendly and welcoming.|Food was great... great selection!!!|Rooms were great....|Such a clean hotel area!!|In the spa area. my masseur was in Bali.... sen....!!!!!!!!! |It was a wonderful vacation with our friends...| We were definitely not guests at the GREEN PALACE for the last time. 69. Yorum: They are very satisfied, the hotel is very large and offers a wide range of attractions. Cleanliness is at the highest level. The food tastes great. It's just great here. I would come again. We also thought the mini club was great. Our son had a great time there. The staff was very friendly. 70. Yorum: I was disappointed when I arrived at this hotel, which I chose for the second time. We came again in June 2 years ago and were very pleased. First, let me start with the food: I have noticed a marked decline in the taste and quality of food. The main restaurant's desserts were simplified, and the main courses were prepared simply. In other words, food that might be more delicious in a merchant's restaurant is prepared worse here. The grills were good overall. Cold snacks were standard. Last time we were at Snack a la Cart, we were surprised by the taste of the food. This time we again encountered a weak taste. The pasta was good, at least it was Barilla:) I don't know how it happened, but the hotel's clientele profile has decreased. It was filled with bearded men wearing shalwar and veiled women. They were all foreigners. There were many people from the Middle East and East, including Pakistani Arabs from Afghanistan. It feels weird when you see 7-8 year old kids wearing scarves in a place where alcohol flows like water. Even though it was the beginning of the season in hotel service, some of the staff were bored. Nevertheless, overall we were pleased with the service. The evening's performances were nice, but they didn't portray a decent person and didn't get people in the mood. Something is missing in this aspect. Local and foreign alcohols without restrictions. High-quality imported spirits such as whiskey and cognac are available. Wines are popular wines. There are bars in many places, very easy access to water, ice cream and cocktails. The biggest advantage of this hotel is the swimming pools. There are plenty of pools and there really is enough for everyone. There are bars and mobile cocktail bars by the pools. It has two parks: an aquapark for children and an aquapark for adults. The children's aquapark is intended for children aged 2-10 and is satisfactory. The adult water park has 7 different slides. 3 of them have 3 floors, 4 of them have 5 snow floors, and 3 of them are boatable. Parking is sufficient and pleasant. Closes at 5pm. I think he should be 18 years old. The beach is beautiful, the sea is relatively clean. There are enough sun loungers and umbrellas. The property has a children's club for children aged 0-3, a teen club for those aged 14 and over and a kids' club for teenagers. Children over 4. years of age can be brought to the kids club free of charge. Their events are cool. You can bring children aged 0-3 for 10 euros per hour. This is a hotel with a strong children's concept, where children will have a great time. I might pick it up again in 3-5 years and want to see the final version. 71. Yorum: This is a place I visited with my family 3 years ago, hoping that this year would be better despite its shortcomings, but I was disappointed. I am writing this review completely objectively and with people with a holiday culture in mind. There is no sound insulation in hotel rooms... the beds are not comfortable and the room amenities are limited to a minimum. During my 5-day vacation they did not leave a single bottle of water in my room. I did what I gathered at the pool. Despite calling guest relations multiple times, I could not get an answer regarding the bed or water. The hotel staff, at least the ones I dealt with, are well-meaning people trying to do something selflessly. There are administrative problems. They try to get a lot of work done with fewer people. When a hotel is fully staffed, the result is poor service quality due to the large number of activities and the inability to catch up… During a meal break, everyone, including the towel staff. , disappears. :) Consider how you approach planning and service… Does everyone have to go to lunch at the same time? Where is the continuity? Unfortunately, very simple management errors and lack of planning have made a beautiful hotel undesirable to talk about the quality of customers who come to the hotel. I left the density of disrespectful customers until last, and most importantly, to the hotel chef or cook. In any case, the food is tasteless, not very varied and the same every day.. I think they agreed with every chef to keep costs down. I was in shock. Desserts are the same every day and at least change places at each meal. tasteless.. the food is consistent, eat and fill up until late.. restaurant definitely insufficient in terms of capacity.. as a result, unfortunately, it is a place that has administrative problems, the food is tasteless, cannot solve your problem and you will not get a refund of the money you pay. I am sad.. 72. Yorum: Last year we had a great time, this year was even better! The perfect resort for a family holiday. Great for kids, we loved Cimen with our kids 🥰 the evening shows are really top notch. Thank you so much for everything, we’ll be back next year!… 73. Yorum: Bad hotel service and the receptionist was not very cooperative with the assumptions. We requested a non-smoking room. They gave us a smoking room and we have a photo for approval. And when we get to the room, the shower is broken. We couldn't take a shower, the tiles were so slippery. We need to put towels on the floor so we can take a shower. You slipped and pulled the door behind us, it fell off the lock. My wife in the room at 11 at night. Our state stops every time. 74. Yorum: Very beautiful area. Friendly staff. The girl at the front desk was very helpful upon check-in. Good and varied cuisine in the main restaurant. There are plenty of bars and restaurants on site. Nice water park and slides for children. There are many swimming pools. Cons: old number of rooms that urgently need renovation. Incredibly long corridors and only 2 elevators for the entire wing. During rush hour you have to wait a long time for the elevator. All the sun loungers by the pools are occupied by "towels" and "personal items"; the staff does not remove them even after several hours, and the guests behave "collectively", taking a place and returning only in the evening. You either have to walk around until you find a spot or you have to clean up other people's towels yourself… 75. Yorum: Very nice hotel, we enjoyed our holiday here! Very nice people in the animation team, very kind and great with children. I have rarely seen such a cool band. Good food, hotel a bit further from the center, but we knew that. We would love to come back! 76. Yorum: First of all, for me the most decisive sentence in hotel reviews is the answer to the question "Would you come again?" I can very comfortably answer this question and say, "I will definitely come again." The food, the activities, the ton of staff…not an hour goes by without activity. They are all of very high quality. We watched the animations with pleasure, wishing they would never end. The water park was amazing fun for my 2.5 year old daughter and we never wanted to leave. Adult Aqua is also very enjoyable and safe. As a water lover, I can say I had a great time. The food was incredibly tasty and consisted of HIGH QUALITY ingredients. Waste bothers me in places like this, but I didn't feel it was a huge waste here either. Moreover, one of the things my wife and I felt most uncomfortable with in such hotels was that they were more cautious towards foreigners and more careless towards Turks, but here there was no such thing. Canned drinks, packaged ice cream, etc. I can't stop telling you more, thank you for everything ❤️ 77. Yorum: It's really nice here! |Merve was great from the animation team!!|She was very nice and friendly.|We are also very happy with the waiters. Everyone was really nice and quick. |Rooms were clean and there is plenty for kids.… 78. Yorum: We had a really great vacation with our 8-year-old, thinking about nothing for literally 5 days. I came here on the recommendation of a friend, we are very pleased. Even a group of our friends came to visit us for 3 days and they were also satisfied. The food was delicious and there was enough variety. Even though the hotel is an old hotel, it is very hygienic. Thanks to the cleaning staff on the 3rd floor, especially Mrs. Ayşe Dudu, who sewed a swan from a quilt for my son's bed every day 😘 The staff were very friendly, the waiters Ibrahim By, İmran By and Birgül were very sweet people. Pool Bar Selahattin is an extremely caring person and loves his job. Especially the taste of the pitas was impeccable, kudos to Mr. Musa. In addition, our sweet sisters from the beach snack cafe and my son's only fan, Sümeyra, took great care of us. Total feminine energy and beautiful ☺️ We would also like to thank Çağatay By and Yağmur Hnm from the animation team for their interest and friendly conversation. In my opinion the hotel spa was very nice and very hygienic in terms of price and efficiency. Beautiful Thai women gave us scrubs and massages. We are satisfied. This hotel is very suitable for families with children. The water parks are very safe and the sea is beautiful. We would also like to greet Captain Erol in parasailing. In short, I recommend it to those who are looking for friendly service, pleasant activities at the pool and sea and a child-friendly hotel. 79. Yorum: Today we spent our vacation in this wonderful hotel! this hotel has the greenest area on the coast, many interconnected pools, top-level service, the hotel is not crowded, everything is thought out. On the premises there is a very large water park with interesting slides and animations, which entertains holidaymakers of all ages. The food is excellent, the chefs provide a variety of food every day. The beach is very clean, there are always free sunbeds. We spent an unforgettable holiday in this hotel. We will definitely come back. 80. Yorum: It was our second time there. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. It is also worth mentioning that the staff try so hard to fulfill your every wish that you can't ask for more! The hotel is ideal for children. Great mini clubs for all ages, plus evening shows for kids. The food is always very varied and of very high quality, this also applies to all alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks and varieties of ice cream! It couldn't be cleaner, the facility and rooms were always cleaned very thoroughly. We will definitely be back in the off-season! The only two downsides are reserving sunbeds and the queues for food and at the bar. There were quite a few sun loungers reserved by guests with towels and unused. There were long lines at the special food points because everything was centralized in one place, preferably in two or three contact points. Same problem at the bar. These points should be treated differently for a hotel in this price range. 81. Yorum: At the end of July I went on holiday to Turkey and stayed at IC green Palace. The hotel has many amenities, but no thought has been given to using them. A water park where children shorter than 1.25 m are not allowed. Kinderwarterpark, which is not allowed for adults. There is a small fair, but it only opens at 10pm. I don't know who this children's fair is for. There is a large selection of food, but they are also understaffed. A person who bakes eggs in the morning. A person preparing pasta in the evening. All this causes a lot of frustration and long queues. The hotel has many potential but requires good management. To sum up, we were also robbed from our room. Items were stolen from the safe. None of the reception staff made any effort to listen. They won't see us there anymore. 82. Yorum: We stayed from 08/09/24 to 11/09/24. Overall we liked everything about the hotel. All the staff from A to Z were friendly and polite. Especially the waiters working in restaurants are really very caring and polite. We had a nice and pleasant time. See you next time. Hakan K. 83. Yorum: We stayed for 4 nights with our 2.5 year old son. This is a decent and suitable hotel for families with children, without children or for middle-aged families. The food at the hotel is varied and delicious. Cleanliness is not bad. Since the pools are very large and numerous, there is no problem with occupancy or finding a space. Well, the sea. As we left in May, it's hard for me to make a realistic assessment. Playgrounds for children are quite sufficient. I don't know if it had anything to do with the date we were leaving, but evening activities were very limited, almost non-existent. Since the crowd staying at the hotel consists of decent people, we did not feel any discomfort in this sense. Those who go in season will have a much easier time swimming in the pool; time can be spent in the shade by the pool with plenty of trees. Although we bought cocktails at the pool bar for 3 days, on the fourth day the bartender Rıdvan insisted that he did not have any cocktails and later gave them to us by force. It had to be given anyway. Some employees approach guests with reluctance and a strange attitude. The biggest problem with the hotel is that there is no staff at the pool that you can ask for help. There are people on roller skates, but they never walk around and take orders etc. In fact, the pool is filled with empty plates and glasses, but no one comes to collect them. Our favourite place in the hotel was the mixology bar. Mr. Erkan makes wonderful cocktails, combining ingredients from his own recipes and brewing, and his communication skills are very good. It became an indispensable part of our life for 4 days. We would like to go to the hotel again. But probably in the middle of summer :) 84. Yorum: The advantages are many and they are real, read the shopping reviews. Important disadvantages: 1. My son broke his arm on the slide at the kids club. The reality is you can't leave your child alone. We had insurance for two, but minus one day of rest, 15 euros to the pharmacy. 2. On the volleyball court the sand was compacted to concrete - if it weren't for the employee - Lyubov, we would have received one star, but after the complaint she solved everything. There is only one volleyball court, it has always been too small, the net is low. 3. The stairs on the platform are not made safely, due to the low economy of materials - bars instead of round pipes, children knock down their nails. This is usually hotel property – “unsafe”. Starting with the very dangerous stairs in the main building. Throughout the hotel there are rusty corners, nails and screws, and glass in the water and on the beach. One gets the impression that there is no male gaze, there is female comfort, but a lack of technical safety. 4. While we were there, a huge umbrella fell on a woman on the pier and she was crushed. While we were there, a woman started drowning, but a vacationer pulled her out, not the rescuers. However, rescuers really work. 5. Loud music outside the window until about midnight - but the glass is well insulated. There are few mosquitoes. 6. No zoo. Cats are funny. 7. For some reason, a mother had her food taken away from her sick child (which had been brought into the room on a plate) who was in the room. The Kaisaki epidemic broke out and for a day everyone was sick, mildly but with a fever. I had to go get my bag – stupid. 8. There is nowhere to go for a walk. 9. Very leisurely service at the beach bar. Little things 1. There was no pomegranate and fig juice. 2. The limit in the Aquapark is 125 cm and above. 3. When the hotel is full, there are not enough sun loungers on the beach. This is a cheap offer but it saves you money. 4. The air conditioner turns off when you open the balcony - take a magnet. 5. The bathroom drain isn't working. Pros: The internet is excellent. Fish are funny. Beach-sand-digging-for five people. Proper check-in and check-out system Near the airport - take a taxi - the journey takes 25 minutes. Beautiful view from the pier at sunset. The rest are 4 days due to injury. The lunch and dinner menu includes beef, sometimes lamb. The quota is normal 85. Yorum: In July I was on vacation with my daughter. I didn't expect the hotel to be so big and cozy. Everything is in one place, and at the same time there is a place to walk and enjoy. During those days we ate delicious food, had fun and danced a lot. There are also family shows every day, which is good news. Thank you IC for such a wonderful holiday and animation. We weren't allowed to be bored! 86. Yorum: A different girl every night for our 2-year-old son at the pool bar. Cimen tried too, but Jim was too busy. But Cimen is great fun. Great resort, great shows every night, good restaurants and plenty of drinks. We will be back next year for a 3rd year. 87. Yorum: Overall the hotel was good, however as it was September the sea was very wavy. On the other hand, the variety of activities and food offered by the hotel was great. We would also like to thank Mrs. Çimen and Mr. Kubilay from the animation team for helping us with archery and shooting. 88. Yorum: The hotel is great. Thank you so much for an amazing vacation. The food is excellent, the staff is polite, at the reception they speak Russian. The section has a concept for children, but there is also entertainment for adults. We couldn't be bored, the animation team did a great job. Good job guys. A huge thank you to the management for such excellent service. We will be happy to come back to you again! 89. Comment: The restauracja team, the snack team, your gözleme a la carte are great, thank you very much, but I would like to thank my favourite Ms. Nergiz separately. |Nergiz was very nice and sweet, always with a friendly smile on her face. She was much happier with children.. simply wonderful!! 90. Yorum: The hotel is also in a nice location. Next to the sea shore. The number of pools is too large. All the other staff are very caring and polite, it is obvious that they all love their job and I am happy to feel that. The variety of breakfast foods and drinks was very wide and everything was generally delicious. We stayed for 5 days and had a complete vacation. Both the rooms and the hotel were very clean and spacious. There is also no shortage of playgrounds and activities for children, everything thought out down to the smallest detail. Every evening there were dance shows, animations and live music. The hotel even has a gym, yoga pilates, volleyball and soccer courts. All in all we had a nice holiday. The reception and bellboys were also more attentive and helped with everything. This is definitely a place I can recommend with confidence. 91. Yorum: Just got back from the hotel. I was left with pleasant impressions. It is located close to the airport, which is an advantage during the high season in Antalya. Nice green area, water parks for all ages. The room is tidy, there is also a very small balcony. The refrigerator was constantly updated. The only thing is that at night you feel like you are not in your room, but in a disco (probably there is no sound insulation there). There is always some entertainment for children, there is a children's room where you can leave them to play or take part in master classes. In the evening there is a children's disco and a children's show. The program also includes various performances for adults and live music. The food is varied and tasty, there are different types of meat, fish, and a few times there was sushi. The beach is sandy, neat, although there is a rather sharp transition into the depth. There were no problems with the sun loungers. There were no problems with the service either at check-in or check-out. Simply perfect for kids. Young people or people who are alone may find it difficult to hear the noise of children everywhere. 92. Yorum: The hotel was just great. The food was delicious, the staff polite and very child friendly. The facility is really great, the beach is very clean. Great kids area by the pool and playground within the complex and even on the beach. In our times, unfortunately, there were few German children and you had to walk 20 minutes to the store, which is the only disadvantage in the case of children. But so far I must say this is the best hotel I have ever visited. Definitely a recommendation. 93. Yorum: We arrived at the hotel with my family and we left very satisfied. The rooms are very clean and have everything you need. We especially recommend it for families with children. The activities for children are very good. Our 8-year-old daughter didn't want to leave the kids club. The food at the hotel is great, the staff is very friendly and helpful with everything. They made us feel special from the moment we entered the hotel. The night's performances were amazing. Mrs. Ebru from the animation team took very good care of us, for which we are very grateful to her. This was the hotel we previously preferred. We chose this place again for our vacation. This is a place we will choose again in the future without hesitation. 94. Yorum: I have stayed at this resort twice. The first time was in June 2019. and it was more than wonderful This time I stayed there for a week in July 2024. and it was quite a good experience The staff works very hard because the hotel is crowded.... Especially in the case of all-inclusive options. The large number of guests was annoying. It's hard to find a place to sit, whether in restaurants, pools, or at nighttime shows. The quality and variety of food is excellent. The rooms are clean. The staff is nice and helpful but gets confused and disoriented due to the crowds. 95. Yorum: We spent 10 days on vacation with the family, we came to the hotel for the first time and we were very pleased. We enjoyed the activities at the hotel for the children. The evening shows are great. For dinner we visited the Asia restaurant, it was delicious, both fish and meat, I recommend it 😊 The service in the hotel is good, I just wish the cleaning did a better job. The Guest Relations Department thanks Natalia for her professionalism. 96. Yorum: The guest service staff were rude, they were not Turkish, one said she was German and the other said she was Ukrainian and from another country, which is not very nice, when I said my son is 12, they said you know we can check... I said go ahead and check because I'm not lying, and that's what happened. The check-in staff were really nice though. The food in the hotel is really good but the rooms are old and not very clean, they could definitely use some improvement... our room had ants and the wardrobes smelled like rose water. The rooms are also really small. 97. Yorum: My daughter and I visited from August 5-22, arriving after staying at another hotel in Belek. There is something to compare it with... Although they are completely different.||The hotel area is very green, which is nice.|📌It consists of a main building, there are two-story… 98. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for 7 days. The good things included the pools, outdoor facilities and the maintenance team. customer relations. The staff seemed rude but I think it's because they are overworked. Every morning and evening I saw the same faces. The hotel is not safe for children. My child was hit by another woman and there was no protection or lifeguard with him. If I wasn't there, she would still be beating him. When we complained and asked the hotel to remove the woman, the hotel refused, saying that her apology would be enough. However, they ultimately kicked her out only after she yelled at them. It seems they consider yelling at adults to be more serious than hitting a 3-year-old. The rooms are old and the biggest problem is the lack of staff. In the children's club there are only 1 or 2 caregivers who watch over the children and ensure their safety. This is certainly not a five star hotel; I would rate it a low 4 star at best. I'm giving 2 stars because I didn't get what I paid for. They must do one of the following: either lower their prices to match four-star hotels to meet the proper expectations of their customers, or raise their standards, from staff numbers to interior furnishings. 99. Yorum: We spend our holidays here as a family with our 2-year-old daughter. What I didn't like. In my opinion it is better to close the children's club completely, the room was originally made and beautifully thought out. But now it contains very damaged toys in very small quantities. Children are not allowed to draw with crayons. The animators stand around and play on their phones. Absolutely not interested in contact with children. About nutrition: If your child's sleep schedule is from 12 to 15, be prepared that from a late breakfast (until 11:00) until dinner at 19:00 he will not have anything to eat, because lunch is from 12:30 to 14:30. Snack bars operating during this period focus exclusively on coffee, tea, alcohol, sweets and bread. Of course, it would be nice to leave the fridge open with fruit and cottage cheese for the children all day long. There is simply nothing to feed the baby. I had to go to the store and just buy cottage cheese, and this is a 5-star hotel. Well, what is so difficult in a hotel where 30-40 percent of children have high-quality food? Overall, the hotel looks very much like a solid four-star hotel. Only well-kept terrain, beach and sea help. 100. Yorum: It was a great stay! All inclusive, from morning until late night you can eat and drink everything. Once you pay once, you don't have to worry about anything else. The water park is perfect for everyone, from preschool to elementary school to… 101. Yorum: I recently had a wonderful stay at a hotel with my young family. The variety of activities, especially the kids club, made it enjoyable for the kids. Many of the pools were a hit, although I was disappointed that despite being told they were heated, I didn't feel it as despite the great weather the water was very cold. Ensuring that your heated pool is properly maintained would greatly improve the experience, especially for families with children. Additionally, the air conditioning in our room didn't work well, but a fan was appreciated. Despite these minor setbacks the staff were incredibly friendly, the hotel was clean and the entertainment was fantastic. We also had the pleasure of meeting families from all over the world, which further enriched the experience. Although the rooms seemed a bit dated, the overall ambiance, service and quality of food, including the grill and snack bars, were excellent. Additionally, the proximity to the beach was very convenient. Overall a great experience with a few areas for improvement. 102. Yorum: Overall we liked the hotel very much. This is a very suitable hotel for children, the activities and interests were great. The cleanliness was good, we did not encounter any uncomfortable situations either in the hotel or in the rooms. When it comes to food and drinks, the hotel really never leaves me hungry, there is always food and drinks available everywhere. We loved the entertainment team and the evening dance shows and had a great time. We had a great time thanks to the great conversations and games of the animation team. 103. Yorum: Beautiful hotel with good pools and nice beach. Pools: very quiet pool only for adults, 1 pool with quite loud music (there were many parents with children), 1 part for babies and toddlers, 1 pool with slides for small… 104. Yorum: We are having a very nice holiday. The staff are very nice. The restaurant staff is very respectful and happy to help you. I definitely recommend going. Our holiday started with negativity and we met Sultan Hanım and she made our holiday wonderful. The restaurant team and the restaurant z przekąskami team are wonderful, thank you. Our room number is 1049 105. Yorum: The hotel is really great, beautiful gardens. The food is really good. The animation team is great, especially Cimen. |There are many swimming facilities, a nice water park for big and small children. |The mixology bar is the perfect place to spend an evening. 106. Yorum: I initially left a negative review on the first day of my stay, but since then our experience as a family has improved greatly. Our stay is going very well. The hotel's strengths include its surroundings, catering available almost 24 hours a day, entertainment, children's pools and a café in the lobby. I will return without hesitation. However, some restaurant waiters could improve their service. A huge thank you to Brahim who always took very good care of our family whenever we met him. 107. Yorum: We are having a very nice holiday. The person working in the restaurant is very friendly and respectful. They politely ask if you want something to drink or need anything else. We met a worker named Sultan. Very sweet girl who gave us some tips and a short tour. Thank you for that. 1049 108. Yorum: We loved everything! The variety of food, the attention of the staff, all the attractions for children, the girls in the kids club are so nice... despite the fact that it's full of kids, the number of entertainment options makes it so you don't feel like getting irritated. Definitely worth the price. The staff is really attentive. 109. Yorum: I would like to thank the entire hotel team, especially Mrs. Eylem from the animation team, who made our time during the holiday more pleasant with her games and interest, and the entire hotel team who welcomed us with a smile the whole time. It was truly a mind-blowing experience in every sense of the word. 110. Yorum: My family and I were on vacation at this hotel at the end of August. We really enjoyed it, the staff were very friendly, we ate until we dropped. First of all, at the party we were taken care of by a young lady named Gizem. A very sweet and nice person. Many thanks to her and all the staff. 111. Yorum: What a wonderful vacation it was. Everything was handled very well. The food was great and there is so much to choose from. The staff is also very friendly. Our 1.5 year old son had a great time here. The staff was so nice to him. There are many different swimming pools with plenty of sun loungers and parasols. On the beach everything was well organized. Food and drink are available everywhere. The cocktails and mocktails here are amazing! Our room was clean and the beds slept well. Finally a hotel where the mattresses aren't so hard. Air conditioning in the room allows you to sleep nice and cool. 112. Yorum: This year we had the opportunity to stay at the hotel for 5 days. We had a nice holiday with our 2 daughters. This hotel is especially suitable for families with children. The rooms are a bit old, but the service is ok. The drinks and food were nice. The variety of night animations can be increased. We were also pleased with the snack bar. We would like to thank Mr. İmran and Barış from the snack bar for their interest. Our daughters were very pleased. 113. Yorum: As a hotel guest, I couldn't wait to leave a comment. Our holiday with my two daughters is going great. Food and drinks are very good in terms of variety, freshness and taste. The Aquapark is already ahead of us equivalent hotels, especially with Aqua for children. The hotel is very good, even though it is located in a large area, you can enjoy cold drinks, food and ice cream all day long, thanks to the availability of snack restaurants and bars with drinks. frequent breaks The landscape and lush garden with beautiful, growing trees make everything even more beautiful. There are activities throughout the day, as well as those who just want to relax. There are also quiet areas for guests. We have tried many of their services. including à la carte restaurants and massages, all of which we were very pleased with. The most important thing that makes these positive features even more beautiful is: "The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in all important matters..!! The staff working in every department so far has been incredibly nice. I stayed at this hotel many years ago and this time when I brought my daughters I was worried if it had changed.. It got even better. :)) We even tried to extend our today's trip for one more day.. I wish you all a Merry Christmas in peace of mind.. 114. Yorum: Everything is perfect, except the rooms which need renovation. the pools are amazing, the variety of food is also amazing. The staff that runs the activities are also amazing. MERVE is very sociable and fun. She is very active. The atmosphere is very lively. I really recommend it to people coming to Antalya. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 115. Yorum: Friends, the hotel is on fire, I recommend visiting. I visited with my family and was pleased. The beach is beautiful, lots of pools and a huge water park. The food is excellent, to suit every taste. We found entertainment for the whole family. The animation is great. Every evening there is a show, live music and a DJ. I didn't even want to leave the hotel, it was like the entire city. We will recommend you to our friends and acquaintances, thank you green palace! 116. Yorum: Absolutely amazing hotel, the lobby is bright and inviting and the views are stunning! the outside is beautiful with lush trees and diverse pools like a tropical paradise. the water park is amazing, there is a large section for younger children and a section with bigger slides, seriously the best I've seen. The beach is nice and everything in the resort is close. there are many places with various delicious drinks, the best iced coffee and mojitos. The evening entertainment was spectacular. The resort is ideal for families. The staff is welcoming, friendly and hardworking. the only thing that could be improved is the food buffet and the rooms are a bit outdated. Overall, this is a beautiful and wonderful resort, perfect for families, I would definitely recommend it! 117. Yorum: My wife and I chose this for our honeymoon and were very pleased. A hotel where you won't be bored during the day. It has a sufficient number of swimming pools and an Aquapark, and the number of sunbeds both in the sea and in the swimming pools is sufficient. We had no complaints about cleanliness anywhere in the hotel, the cafe inside is my favorite ❤️ It has extremely solution-oriented and courteous service even with the smallest of issues. For an a la carte meal we chose an Italian restaurant and Mr. Hüseyin was very attentive. The only negative thing I can say is the sea; it is wavy and deepens quickly. See you again INNER GREEN PALACE!!! 118. Yorum: - The room and the entire building needed renovation. - The paving slabs around the swimming pools, including the children's pools, were extremely slippery, almost like ice. At every step we had to be careful not to slip, which unfortunately we didn't always manage to do. To avoid accidents, we finally simply walked into the sea. - Every evening, there was live music playing right outside our room until midnight, which caused our baby to wake up more often. - Another problem was excessive air conditioning: with outside temperatures reaching 40°C, the interior spaces, especially the lobby, restaurant and indoor children's playground, cooled down significantly. As a result, our child got sick – and so did we. + However, it is necessary to highlight the excellent service of the staff, especially the cleaning staff and the restaurant staff. They were always friendly, helpful and did their job with a smile. + The food was delicious – huge selection and really high quality. Unfortunately, some guests behaved like hyenas, but there is nothing the hotel can do about it. + The vegetation around the facility is very beautiful and very well maintained + Our child really enjoyed the small goat and chicken farm. Also swans and cats - - - We ended our holiday 3 nights earlier than we paid for as it was not relaxing for us. They should have money (after all, that's all they care about) - now we are recovering from the holidays at home and we hope to recover soon. 119. Yorum: We were a family of four staying at IC Residence for the third time. We were in the lakeside villa which is located behind the hotel. And again we loved it! Friendly staff, everything is kept clean, large selection of food and… 120. Yorum: I stayed at the IC Residence Hotel, which also gave me access to the Green Palace. It was great because the kids had access to all the attractions including the water parks, kids club and snack bars scattered throughout the resort. The staff were very friendly and helpful which made our experience that much more enjoyable. No request was too much and service was always offered with a warm welcome and a smile. I can't comment on the rooms as we stayed in the residence which if you're on a budget I highly recommend, however my experience with the lounges, beach and all the other places of interest were fantastic. I would definitely recommend the kids club for little kids as they offer really fun activities like face painting and active games. One pleasant feature that was unique was the late night theatre performances. If you have energy after a long day, be sure to check out the shows that change daily based on different themes. The performers themselves are amazing and for the children it was something magical and fascinating. To sum up, IC Hotels Green Palace did not disappoint us. I will be recommending it to my family and friends and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a resort holiday in Antalya. Thank you to everyone at the hotel for making our experience enjoyable and memorable. You were amazing! 121. Yorum: Everything is great. Perfect for a family vacation. Deria cleaned for us. Towels were changed daily. They swept and dusted. Then another manager came in and supervised the cleaning. The bar was restocked with water daily. Upon arrival we were greeted with a bottle of wine, fruit and wine glasses. There was one minus in the room - the hood in the bathrooms did not work (although there was apparently one on the ceiling). And in the living room (we took the family room) there were switches, but no light to turn on. The only lighting was provided by a floor lamp plugged into the socket. There was not enough light. The area is gorgeous and large. Gym, tennis court. Beach volleyball. Football for children. Animation in Russian, Turkish and English. Sandy private beach. Close to Antalya. Overall, I recommend it. They even thought about placing a canopy over the children's pool so that the children could play in peace and avoid sunstroke or burns. 122. Yorum: The hotel is great. For our first time here we were very worried whether we would like it. But IC exceeded all expectations. Insanely delicious food, very nice service, wonderful animation, lots of interesting events, a new show every evening, we are delighted. You can always eat something, the cuisine is varied, the drinks are great, imported. Thank you very much, we will recommend you to our friends and relatives!!! 123. Yorum: First of all, the negative comments scared me a lot, but apart from the crowd, we didn't encounter any negative situations. It is very good to evenly distribute pools, meals, and activities within a given area. We and our two children aged 7 and 10 had a nice and enjoyable holiday. Mrs. Zehra, Mrs. Ece and Mrs. Çimen from the animation team took very good care of the children. Thanks to them, the children left the holidays happy and wanted to come back next year. 124. Yorum: For the fourth time we are happy to end our vacation at Ic Green Palace. In the last days of our ten-day holiday we would like to thank Mr. Ceyhan, who helped us with the reservation every year, Mr. İsmail. the general manager for the treats and kind gestures, Mr. Ramazan and Mr. Abdullah, the bar chefs who brought a smile to my daughter's face. I would like to thank the bartender İsmail ​​and Rıdvan, Mr. Mehmet who is responsible for the sunbeds and towels. , Şükran from our waitresses (Şükran is very hardworking and respectful every year) and our beautiful blue-eyed girl from Kumpir, Mrs. Tuğba from the children's animation department, Kader, Shoista, our girl with curly hair and her name. We would like to thank the staff at our kids club who I can't remember, and our cleaner in that section. We would also like to thank the hostess İsmihan Yıldırım and this year's hostess, Mrs. Sevgi, the employee of room 1048 (our very young daughter) for taking the necessary things. take care of our peace. We would like to thank Mr. Erkan from the Mixology bar for his hospitality and unique cocktails every year. This year we leave satisfied. Our daughter had a great time, especially since the number of Turkish guests increased, she made friends and had a great time. A happy child means a happy family. For ladies who make kumpir and gozleme on the beach. Big thanks to the steak chefs for preparing the delicacies (it was the best Dallas steak I have ever eaten). year💜 125. Yorum: We are currently in this hotel and we are simply disappointed!!! We do not feel comfortable at all and UNFORTUNATELY we booked 11 days. The hotel looks very promising online and is a total disappointment. The service is poor and the staff in the restaurant and bars are so unfriendly that they look at you sideways (like it's been 7 days of rain) and just throw ice cream in your face! The food tastes ok and is always the same! The staff are busy chatting among themselves and clearing your plates instead of asking what you would like to drink. I sat in the lobby for 20 minutes today and not one of the ladies came over to ask what I wanted to drink. And I was breastfeeding my 9-month-old baby. So for that kind of money you can expect at least some service and friendliness. The cleanliness also leaves much to be desired. Just bad. There is no sign of renovation in 2022 (as they say on vacation!)! The most positive thing about the hotel is that the pools are cleaned every evening and water samples are taken regularly! Addendum: Management has tried to make us feel comfortable at least for the last few days. It can be said that the criticism has been accepted and work is ongoing on it. Thank you for that 🙏🏼 the Mexican a la carte restaurant was great. The food was very tasty and the waiter Murat was very engaging and nice! There should be more waiters like this in the hotel, it would be perfect! 126. Yorum: We wanted to thank you for the great service we received at the Mexican restaurant during our stay. We had an unfortunate incident where I dropped my iPad in the water at the table, the wait staff retrieved it and were very helpful. They also provided amazing service during the meal. Thank you! 127. Yorum: The hotel is a fully equipped children's hotel, there are various activities for children and they have a great time here. The staff is very friendly and approachable. The food is varied and there is always somewhere to eat, it is impossible to remain hungry. The rooms are clean, nice. We were very pleased with the animation and evening events, the evening shows were impressive. We were very pleased. We will definitely consider coming again. 128. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 2 days. Overall I liked it very much. Its price and what it offers are perfect for today's conditions. The rooms are nice. It's not crowded. The food menus are delicious. We tried the Italian a la carte and it was very successful. The transport location was very good. This is certainly a hotel that we will recommend and we will definitely come back here again. 129. Yorum: The hotel exceeded all expectations! The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable, modernly furnished and equipped with all necessary amenities. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always ready to help with any questions. Animator Alina makes games interesting, fun and sociable. Turns an ordinary day at the beach into an exciting day. 130. Yorum: I only had problems with the bathtub in the bathroom. Everything is in perfect order, thank you very much for your interest and concern. Thank you also for solving the bathroom problem. ❤️🥰🌺👋 I came to update my comment. Tonight is our last night in this hotel. Every evening we were at the pool bar. I would like to thank all the staff for the nice service, especially the waiter HAMZA, who every evening made us very happy with the service he provided to us and all the tables with his clean and smiling face every evening. Thank you very much for everything. I hope we can come again. Good luck, Hamza. ...🥰🌺👋 131. Yorum: In total we spent 8 days at this hotel. Today is the penultimate day. Overall we are very satisfied, except for the service. At first we had a room (on the Venezia Hotel side) that was very noisy until around 12:30/1am. The exchange was no problem at all and the guest services and front desk staff were very helpful. The Mexican a la carte restaurant was very good, the waiters were attentive and very nice, and the food tasted very good. The only thing that bothered us was the lack of service on the beach and the service was self-service. You also have to wait a long time for service at the pool. In a normal restaurant it is very difficult to get food for yourself and the children and bring 3 plates to the table at once (trays would be useful here). When the waiters saw this, they were usually helpful. My husband and I had to take turns and often did not eat together. The hotel is very popular 😊 We would like to thank Yaup Ali and Ada for their interest 😊 132. Yorum: My honest review of this hotel- Currently staying at this hotel. I have stayed in many hotels in the Antalya area (Granada, Mylome, Royalwings and many others) and I will never return to this hotel. Swimming pool hygiene is very poor. My two children, aged 4 and 2, felt very unwell and we were taken to hospital. They say they "clean the pools every night" and have never seen them clean the pool. Any dirt left over from the previous night will still be there the next day. I've never seen a guy with a pool cleaning net or a pool vacuum cleaner. The food is the same every day, no differences. There is nothing else, always simple food, nothing that tastes good. Deserts are very disgusting. Every day the same desert. No cakes or anything for the kids. The cleaning ladies are very rude. I had to call the lady who had already cleaned the room, but because my 2-year-old is very weak with diarrhea and diseases. He was vomiting all over the bed and when I called the lady to help me sort out the sheets. She told me that she had already cleaned the room and couldn't clean it now and would come back later. She expected me to wait for her God knows how long in a room with diseases everywhere and nowhere to sit. How disgusting. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. There are many better hotels in and around Antalya that are worth the money. 133. Yorum: Perfect hotel for families with children. The water park is very nice. The evening events were very nice. All the staff were very friendly and problem-solving oriented. The food was also very good. There is a separate dining area for children, which is a good solution for families with small children. 134. Yorum: The room is good, with foldable beds, very comfortable. The food in the restaurant is characterized by a large selection of fruits and vegetables. The service is good, thank you. It's worth mentioning the mixology bar, very tasty cocktails 🍸 And there is a lovely zoo there. 135. Yorum: All I can say is WOW! What a truly fantastic hotel this is. This is beautiful. The hotel itself is not one of those ugly, modern looking hotels, but has great architecture and the hotel grounds are green and very well maintained. Lots of pools, all very clean inside and around. The buffet restaurant is fantastic. We were here for 2 weeks and we never got bored of the food because it was different every night. The breakfast is amazing, especially the omelet place. I highly recommend trying the steakhouse. (You have to pay extra for this). It's worth it! The steaks I had here were amazing. Honestly, probably the best steak I've ever had was a Dallas steak, and I've had steak in a lot of places. All the staff were fantastic throughout the stay. Everyone was very friendly and polite. Special recognition for Ikander in the kids club. She was great with my two children, Ross and Chloe. The rooms were kept clean daily and once again the staff were lovely. There is a free safe in the rooms where you can store your belongings. The in-room mini bar is well stocked with soft drinks and beer. The all inclusive alcohol is amazing. Such a large selection and the highest quality liqueurs. I had an absolutely fantastic holiday. 136. Yorum: We had a fantastic time at the hotel. The service was amazing from all the staff but we wanted to give a special mention to two particular staff members who were Gulcan our lovely lady with kumpir, waffles and pasta. She was amazing, serving my entire family of 6 with a beautiful smile every time, nothing was ever to much trouble for her and her pasta dishes were delicious. Also thanks to Esmil from the Lobby bar he always prepared our drinks with ease and with a cheerful disposition, Alice was his little friend! Thank you IC Green Palace, we had the best time! 137. Yorum: This has been our only choice in recent years due to the food, cleanliness, attractions and excellent staff. The activities and attention in the mini club were very nice. We were very pleased with the hygiene, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the rooms and the daily change of bed linen. Overall we liked it very much. We recommend it. 138. Yorum: Family of 3 adults and 3 children (7 months, 2 years and 4 years) stayed for 8 nights in June 2024. After a 3 hour flight delay and 2 hours of passport control we finally arrived exhausted at the hotel. The receptionist (Fatih) took good care of us and did his best to accommodate us. He upgraded us to a villa which included a private pool, private beach, restaurant for villa residents and buggy service. It turned out to be one of the best vacation experiences. There was plenty of food and drink throughout the day. Vegetarian options were available at most places, except the Mexican restaurant. We couldn't try the Italian restaurant because children under 12 were not allowed. years of age were not allowed to enter. The upgrade included these 2 restaurants (once per stay). The receptionist at the residence (Tugce) was very friendly and helpful. I recommend this hotel. I will definitely come back again. Thank you to all the staff for all your hard work. 139. Yorum: Great hotel, fully consistent with the description on the website. We were checked in immediately upon arrival, which certainly improved our mood. We recommend! Excellent service, staff always ready to help and respond to any request. Cleaning is effective, even without tips. Delicious food, large selection of dishes, both European and national cuisine. We will definitely come back here! Animator ALINA is very cool. There is an excellent spa center with a wide range of services. Great activities for children and adults. I really enjoyed the evening's performance! 140. Yorum: We stayed here for 10 days on August 24th with a 7 year old. It was a bit too big for a kids pool but too small to use the water slides (must be taller than 1.25m and it is required) and all the pools in the rest of the hotel are 1.4m deep so take floats/arm bands for the younger ones. The hotel itself is a 5 minute taxi ride from Lara Shops, a huge shopping strip with several bars and restaurants, but it is not walkable from the hotel. The food is repeated approximately every 4 days, but there is such a large selection that we were never hungry. There are sushi, seafood, Mexican and Turkish nights. Always freshly grilled burgers, pizza and pasta. For lunch we enjoyed jacket potatoes at the beach bar, but an a la carte option is also available throughout the day. Cornettos Magnums and ice lollies are available all day at the main pool bar. We paid for the steak at the hotel. The steak was wonderful, they bring you everything on the menu for starters and sides and as much meat as you can handle. Well cooked and tasty. The rooms were clean and comfortable, we had a standard room which was more than big enough. Minibar restocked daily. We recommend a jeep safari, be prepared to get wet and dirty, take a water gun or you can buy one at the jeep base. In summary, for the location and price we cannot fault our holiday. 141. Yorum: A two-class hotel, and you can feel it at every step. If you don't tip, you won't receive service. We were there for 8 days and I have never seen such bad service in my life. In the restaurant, plates are not cleared, drinks are not served, the waiters are overworked and do not want to work. For some guests the tables are free, while others can only watch the spectacle. There is only one waiter at the pools and logically only guests who pay good tips see him. He just ran us over even though we waved at him. This is absurd, we paid 5000 euros per week for 4 people, some service should be included in the price... I am happy to tip, but not if I am forced to. This continues in the kids club. Many of the animators look very gloomy, they hardly smile, they just make sure that the children do not go out alone. Our children usually had something to do. Since almost no one there speaks German, we simply did not communicate with our children. Apparently they had to register for some classes but were simply not informed further and therefore did not get the chance. When we picked them up, sometimes they would cry because that was just how it was. We would like to thank Kader, who was the only one who spoke a little German and at least tried to look after the children. I do not recommend a hotel that is supposedly family-friendly. Children under 125 cm tall cannot use the slide. Apart from gymnastics, there is no animation at the pool, terribly boring. The hotel is not intended for holidaymakers from Germany, because almost no one speaks German. There are many Russians who have no manners, I myself speak Russian and can only shake my head. Cleaning the room only what was necessary. I could write much more, but it is taking me longer than I would like. I don't understand all these good reviews, maybe they're from people who haven't been anywhere else. The 2 stars are for the more or less good food, although not very beautifully presented, the reception staff who really tried hard and were very nice, and also a few nice bar staff who you can count on the fingers of one hand. Raj from the spa does a great massage and is very nice. We cannot recommend this hotel and will not be returning, what a waste of money and time. 142. Yorum: An excellent hotel that you will want to return to again and again. Good food, caring staff. Activities for children at the level, children do not get bored, evening shows are worthy of attention. | Special recommendations for overnight stay at the Mixology bar to taste excellent cocktails. | 143. Yorum: We are currently spending our vacation at this hotel. Definitely yes! We didn't even expect this! Excellent service! Incredibly beautiful greenery, while having lunch we admire the pond with swans! We love spending our evenings in a cozy bar among the pine trees, where they prepare amazing cocktails even for Moscow! The best beach on the coast, the cleanest sea. The sun loungers are never crowded! Thoughtful, caring staff! Great breakfasts! We will definitely come back here! 144. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, short flight from airport The restaurant staff are the friendliest at the hotel. They make every effort to do everything as best as they can. Cleaning is also very helpful. I indicated that my bedding did not need changing, but it was still ready. We will definitely come back. 145. Yorum: The food is varied and very tasty. The hotel grounds are very large and spacious. There are many activities and games suitable for children. We also really enjoyed watching the evening programmes. What we liked more was the friendly and well-intentioned attitude of the employees. We enjoyed it very much and definitely plan to come back again. 146. Yorum: Last week my family and I had the incredible pleasure of staying at the IC Palace Hotel and let me tell you, it was simply magical! From the moment we arrived until the bittersweet moment of check-out, we felt like we had been transported to paradise. First of all, the staff deserves a big applause! Their kindness and warmth made us feel like valued guests rather than just family checking in. Every interaction left a wonderful impression. They truly respected and treated everyone, from couples to large families, with the same level of care and attention which really elevated our experience. Now let's talk about food! Wow, just wow! The choice was huge – something for every palate and everything was delicious. Every meal was a culinary adventure for me, with flavors dancing on my taste buds. I was particularly enchanted by the iced mocha at the café – it was divine! I'm already dreaming about the next one and relaxing by the pool. And speaking of relaxation and good fun, the cherry on the cake was the nightly, professional dance performances at 9:30 PM! One got the impression that the resort made every effort to make each evening festive and special. Watching the talented dancers put smiles on our faces and generated an energy in the audience that was simply contagious. If you are looking for the perfect combination of relaxation and fun, look no further than the IC Palace Hotel. This truly is the best resort experience you could wish for. We left there full of energy and were already planning our return. Thank you IC Palace Hotel for a week that was like a slice of heaven! 🌴✨ 147. Yorum: We are very grateful and happy because we chose this hotel, my son also likes this hotel, so the kids club was great for the kids, especially Asli, the food and drinks were fantastic, the hotel and rooms were neat enough. The atmosphere in this hotel was great. The staff were very professional. 148. Yorum: We had a fantastic holiday at this resort, which is perfect for both children and families. Special thanks to Ozan for his exceptional support during our stay. We will definitely come back! 149. Yorum: We stayed at IC Hotels Green Palace for a week in August 2024. and we can say that this hotel exceeded our expectations in every way. The hotel complex is simply fantastic. Lush gardens, planted with palm trees and exotic plants, create a paradise atmosphere that immediately puts us in a holiday mood. Numerous swimming pools and direct access to the beach provided us with both relaxation and entertainment. Our children were particularly impressed by the well-kept green areas and beautifully designed children's facilities, such as the mini club and water slides. The service at IC Hotels Green Palace was excellent. The staff were always friendly, helpful and extremely polite. From check-in to check-out there was nothing to complain about. Whether it was special food requests or tour recommendations, the team always went above and beyond to make our stay memorable. The culinary offering was varied and of high quality. The buffets offered an impressive selection of international and local dishes, all delicious and freshly prepared. We especially liked the variety of healthy options and the special children's menu. It is also worth visiting the themed restaurants that offer exquisite culinary experiences in stylish interiors. IC Hotels Green Palace is an ideal place for families. We can fully recommend this hotel. 150. Yorum: Great place! The food, the pools, the bar (especially the mixology), the staff - you are the best! One note: the swimming pool near the main complex needs to be repurposed. It's impossible to follow your rules. There are many rooms for children, upstairs for a smooth entry into the depths, and so on. 151. Yorum: Thank you for the rest. I liked everything. The food is delicious, there is plenty of entertainment, the rooms are cozy and renovated. Various entertainment activities are organized every evening and the staff is discreet and polite. It won't be boring. The area is picturesque and large. We want to come back again 152. Yorum: IC Hotels Green Palace, where we stayed for the second time this year, created a comfortable and complete vacation for us and became an indispensable itinerary of our summer months. We enjoyed our holiday to the fullest, taking care of cleanliness, friendly service and a wide range of attractions for children and adults. We would like to thank the Green Palace team for the second holiday with our 2-year-old, which continues to bring us joy :) Note: Another thing that remains on our palate are the cheesecakes prepared for breakfast by our aunt the cook :) 153. Yorum: This is my first stay at this hotel and I can say that it is definitely a leader among other hotels I have stayed at in the region. The cleanliness of the hotel, the care and attention of the staff, cleaning, pools, food, drinks... everything is very nice. I think I got what I paid for. I would like to thank all the hotel staff, especially my brother Imran from the snack bar, for their interest, care and kind approach. I hope we will meet again next year... 154. Yorum: Great hotel. This is our second time here. The rooms are a bit outdated, but the friendly staff makes up for it. They are also very clean. The food is great and the beach is beautiful. The breakfast and dinner buffets offer a variety of dishes. The evening program also offers a variety of shows, live music and DJs. Renting a cottage pays off every year. Mehmet Bektas and his colleagues offer exclusive cabin service and try to fulfill every wish. 155. Yorum: The stay was very good, the hotel is nice and the pools for children are great. The food is very good. |The only thing that could be improved is that the rooms have an outdated decor and the cleaning could be done better. |The staff tries very hard. I recommend 👌👌… 156. Yorum: I was here on vacation in early May. Best hotel, very friendly staff and above all very clean. The rooms could do with some freshening up, but since we only sleep there, it doesn't bother us. The food was very tasty and varied. Their afternoon a la carte snack concept is particularly great. You expect a tasty snack, but this is 4-5 levels better than a regular snack. Even though I didn't have small children, it was obvious that the child was friendly. Little kids have great fun! Having a good coffee at a café was also great fun! In summary, we had a very nice holiday with friendly staff who are at your disposal! 157. Yorum: A very nice hotel that positively surprised us. Everything you would expect from an all-inclusive hotel is available. What's especially nice is that you don't have to wait anywhere at the bar or look for a bed by the pool. The animation team is also very active and friendly. We had a great time and will definitely be back. 158. Yorum: This is a hotel you can choose with peace of mind. We were very pleased with it. The only problem is that they fry the onion rings and fries in oil. It would be great if they paid attention to this and cleaned the pools more often. 159. Yorum: Hello everyone from Green Place Hotel, first of all I would like to thank the team and especially the Snack a la carte team. I would like to express my gratitude to Mrs. Sultan, the head of staff, for making the main restaurant and the a la carte snack amazing. 160. Yorum: We have just returned from a wonderful holiday, excellent service, great selection of fresh food and drinks. The room was nice, the quad rooms can seem a little small until you put the beds down. Overall it met the 5 star rating. 161. Yorum: IC HOTELS GREEN PALACE ÖZLÜ – AKSU ANTALYA The concept of IC Hotels Green Palace in Özlü – Aksu Antalya is very similar to the nearby hotel complexes, but it differs significantly in one respect. This is a green hotel for our smallest and dearest, our children and grandchildren. Everything here is designed so that adults and children can enjoy their holidays and time spent together, not only on the hotel premises or by the sea, but above all in the shallow pools and water attractions, of which there are plenty. And joy is everywhere. And while the children are resting, adults can show their creativity on the beach, because those who have skillful hands can create joy from the sand for the delight of beachgoers. Author of text and photographic documentation: Miroslav MOTYČÍK - MIME 162. Yorum: Today is the second day of our stay, everything is wonderful, our family loves everything! Food, service, lots of entertainment for kids and adults! I really liked the sea and the beach. Nice animation, helpful staff and friendly animators! Thank you IC GREEN PALACE for a wonderful holiday! 163. Yorum: I am currently staying at the ic Green Palace hotel. The facility is beautiful. Unfortunately our room is very small but that was the guide's mistake, or more precisely Schauinsland is smart enough to put 5 of us in a standard room on four-legged legs. Apart from that, the guide was very brave and I will report on that when I get there. Unfortunately, the rooms are not cleaned properly and there is a lot of dust under the bed. One day they simply took away the cot, the next day the mini bar was not filled, today they reported it to the reception again, unfortunately nothing has changed. We were given a room on the third floor. Have three small children. We always have to ride the elevator up and down, which isn't that dramatic for us, but it always takes a long time for the elevator to be empty because we have a wheelchair. 164. Yorum: Unfortunately, we did not manage to spend a holiday that met our expectations. We have two children aged 15 and 9. When we went to Aqua the first day they said our 9 year old son could not use the area because he was intoxicated. he couldn't swim. We have never experienced this in any hotel we have stayed at since he was 2 years old. He came in with the law enforcement agencies and accompanied us. After all, they weren't allowed to slide. Our priority during the holidays is for our children to have fun. 165. Yorum: It's amazing, I stayed for 4 nights, it was wonderful for my kids, lots of activities, all programs organized and organised a week ago. Food is everywhere where you can never remain hungry for a minute. Ice cream, fresh fruit, drinks available at any time. The beach, water park and all the water sports were amazing. I highly recommend it to any family with children, and there is also a fantastic club for newborns. ❤️❤️❤️ 166. Yorum: Initially, I didn't like the service I received at this hotel. We were given a room with a faulty bathtub drain, a faulty refrigerator and air conditioning. The room was a decent size but did not function as expected. I complained to the front desk and the staff were truly AMAZING. I don't usually take names of employees, but I want to say a big thank you to Lyubov, she was very helpful. She saw how nervous I was, but she was very understanding. We had 2 days left to stay, but Lyubov changed our room to facilities that were in good condition. Even though our stay didn’t start off the best, I think Lyubov’s efforts helped change my mind about returning. Thank you, Lubow. 167. Yorum: Dear hotel team, We have been here since Friday and overall we are very happy with our holiday! Our son's birthday was well organized here, we really enjoyed the day at the pavilion, but the price is a bit high, 100 euros for 1 day, but OK, you don't have to rent it. Lots of plants everywhere and enough shade. Lots of staff, everything is always clean or cleaned quickly, everyone is friendly and relaxed. The food is tasty, good quality, sufficient choice but not too much. There is plenty to offer children, from small to large, the hotel is truly child friendly. Enough highchairs, baby food, great water park, evening entertainment and a large exciting indoor area. You have to wait a while for the elevators, I think there are four in total. The only downside for us are the loungers without mattresses, they are hard and you can't rest or lie on them for long. Our son also doesn't cope well with his afternoon nap on the lounger. We are familiar with mattress loungers from other hotels in this price range in the region and are therefore already “spoiled” by having the more comfortable loungers. Another very positive thing is that there are always free sun loungers by the pool and on the beach. 168. Yorum: IC Green Place Resort is a fantastic choice for families! The resort’s Hi Five kids club is unique. Special thanks to Ebru, Dilah and Alexandra for their exceptional care and enthusiasm. The biggest attraction is the water activities that provide children with endless fun. All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful, making our stay enjoyable and stress free. I highly recommend it for a family vacation! 169. Yorum: Hello, I was at this hotel for the first time. We were immediately moved to a villa (it was free because we liked the girl who came with us). The villa is equipped with snacks, appetizers, wine, a mini bar on the bedside table, a dressing table and cups. The pool was a beautiful 140cm, although one of the pools holds more than 16 people. There is also all kinds of food for different tastes, there is a small shopping center where there are good shops. There is a water park. There are different slides, without cheesecake and with cheesecake there are queues on the slides. The slides with cheesecakes are interesting, there is one calm one and two interesting ones, the slides without cheesecakes are less interesting, there are three straight ones and with lots of turns. The pool is 120 cm. The evening programmes are different every time and there is a schedule at the end of the rows. Interesting performances, children also appear in the performances. There are cats, one scratches but in my opinion it's only mine. There are a lot of jerboas in the pool every morning, 2-3. There are also beetles and other insects. The bars are good, but only one has mojitos. All bars open almost in the morning (except that there is a bar open from 4pm). I liked it 5 stars. I recommend it to everyone! 170. Yorum: I would like to skip other general points and write this specifically: Almost every year since 2010 I have the opportunity to stay in various hotels in the country and abroad. Here is what I noticed: in my opinion, “almost all” of the employees I interacted with, regardless of their location in the hotel, were extremely respectful, willing, and hard-working. I have never seen such high employee motivation in any hotel before. While I congratulate them all individually, I also congratulate their valued managers who provided them with this motivation. I hope it will always be like this 👏🏼👏🏼 (skills are subject to compliments☺️) 171. Yorum: The hotel is great, clean and the food is excellent. The animators are great. The animator Eilem played different games every day and was very good at table tennis herself, and my family and I had a great time. Our rating is 10+…………………………………………………………………….. 172. Yorum: Good entertainment and activities for children. Everything is close and it is quite practical when you have small children. The hotel has good infrastructure. On the other hand, we quickly feel that the hotel places great emphasis on economy at the expense of guest comfort. It is important for management to review its commitments and pay particular attention to the welfare of customers. The all-you-can-eat buffet, open from 7:00 to 9:30 p.m., is not enough time given the large crowds. Everyone is in a hurry at the same time. And if we wait, we will no longer be able to find some food products. The time slot of Sofra restaurant (buffet) is insufficient, it should be extended by at least 30 minutes both during lunch and evening. some of the staff (who supervise the waiters due to their different shirts) line up to serve their food at the same time as the hotel residents😐 I've never seen anything like this before! A few moments after the buffet closes and the customers finish their plates, the waiter, always the same: Ibrahim, goes to all the tables and interrupts the guests, asking them to finish their plates, claiming that the restaurant will be closed because the buffet is already closed, why are you doing this? People are on vacation, so take your time! It is truly surprising that some of the staff at this hotel are disturbingly rude. The air conditioning in the rooms is broken, this is unacceptable!!!! Every night my family and I suffered from the heat. It was pure torture 🥵 I would definitely advise people who have difficulty coping with heat to think twice before staying at this hotel. They send you a technical team that doesn't solve anything. In reality, the problem is much larger than it seems and affects the entire floor surface. In Luna Park most of the slot machines are outdated!!! 2 basketball throwing machines and all balls are deflated without exception! and one of the two machines didn't even work! Tip: Before purchasing tokens at the cash register, take some time to check how many machines are operational. 173. Yorum: We were on vacation at a great hotel with 6 clients from a residential group. We were completely satisfied with the service, food and location of the hotel. Our highlight was the Green Canyon tour, which we booked through Gamze, a guide in Schauinsland. A very nice and funny lady with a very cheerful disposition. All in all, I really recommend it. 174. Yorum: Hello Green Place family, we came as part of our honeymoon, we were happy with all the a la carte a la carte snacks, you are amazing, thank you FB family, we are very happy to see you on our next vacation, you are wonderful FB family, we were happy with the entire hotel. 175. Yorum: I met Mrs. Merve, the host. She is excellent and very sociable. I really congratulate her for continuing such a career. Congratulations to Merve. ||Really warm and very clean hotel.|The staff are wonderful. The cuisine is tasty. 176. Yorum: We just got back from vacation. And once again we are very pleased. This is the third time we have been to the Green Palace. The friendliness of everything Staff! is simply excellent. The whole complex is just beautiful and very well-kept, and everything is very, very clean. There is a great atmosphere here, you just feel good. The food is also very varied and tasty, everyone will find something for themselves. 5 stars are more than deserved. We'll be back next year. 177. Yorum: The hotel is truly wonderful in every way. We were pleasantly surprised. The food is really top quality compared to many other hotels, the food is varied, we always find something we like, the waiters are very attentive, especially to Seyit, everyone should follow his example... (a la carte snack bar near the kids club and really, really great, they offer a small selection but it is a quality that is rarely found, definitely go and try it) There are several pools everywhere and despite the huge number of customers, you will always find a place no matter the time, the same goes for the beach which is beautifully maintained. The kids club is really great, I don't understand some of the negative comments about it, go to other hotels and you will see the difference, Green Palace is the best in every way. Your children will be looked after, there are plenty of activities until late at night. The animation team does an exceptional job, informs you about various attractions throughout the day and is ready to do everything to make you have the best time possible. Thank you Gul, the cleaning lady who takes great care of you, I really thank her. Relationship guessing is also extremely effective, it will solve your problem in no time. A special mention, truly exceptional, to the best employee in the entire hotel, Mr. Alioune Sec (doorman), honestly, I have rarely seen an employee as attentive as he is, thanks in part to him we had one of our best stays, this employee deserves all our respect and thanks. I will probably come back next year, hoping to see him again. In conclusion, for all those who want to spend an amazing and unforgettable time with their family, green palace is definitely the best choice in Antalya without any hesitation, we did other hotels in the city but this one is the best for a family vacation by far. I can't wait for next year... Thank you to the entire IC Green Palace team for this amazing stay. Alioune suchy doorman 178. Yorum: We stayed at IC Green Palace (Antalya, Türkiye) this summer for 5 nights; it's a beautiful concept hotel for kids. The hotel has a children's water park (slides for different age groups, from toddlers to teenagers), a private beach, kids club, day and evening entertainment and great food all day long (even baby formula is included in the price). The sea is beautiful, warm and sandy, there are always plenty of sun loungers and towels on the beach. The beach kiosk offers a variety of food items and a magnum freezer (included). The food in the hotel restaurants and cafeteria was of good quality and plenty of choice (special sweet buffet with macaroons, sweets and cookies) Great all inclusive concept, the staff is super friendly and helpful.