1. Yorum: The hotel is quite nice, 2 large swimming pools and one with slides for children. |The rooms are clean. Fresh water is available throughout the hotel. A potato bar, waffles and ice creams are offered throughout… 2. Yorum: We stayed at the Grand Park Lara. Overall a good stay. Nice secure structure. Special mention for the mini club and its team, even though no one speaks French, my 5-year-old daughter enjoyed going there ❤️ There is a great hair salon in the hotel with a very helpful team❤️ Small negative point, the waiters in certain bars are not smiling. I give it an overall rating of 8/10 3. Yorum: Room much too small and activities mediocre. Does not deserve a 5 star rating. This is how we had to sleep for a week in a room that was supposed to be for 3 people. I would not return to this hotel, plus the staff were not very pleasant and there were no smiles. 4. Yorum: Very clean hotel and the various restaurants offer very good meals. Too bad about the balcony, which we didn't have, but hey, we had a room at the front with a view of the pool. The room is just enough for two people. The bathroom is a bit spartan, especially for storing cosmetics, and just the sink to put a few things on. For the deckchairs in front of the pool, you have to wake up very early! I saw people putting their towels on it every day, starting at 6:00 a.m.! The location of the hotel is 50 minutes by bus to the center and 40 minutes to go to the Mall of Antalya which is next to the airport. 5. Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of quality price: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks throughout the day. Several swimming pools. Several activities: cinema, kids clubs. Beach nearby with shuttle, deckchairs available and free, beach restaurant also available, very good internet connection. Working air conditioning. Spa with hammam sauna. Great evening entertainment. Clean beach. The downsides: the food, it is poor quality, no taste and very very sweet. Drinks that are too sweet. Real orange juice costs you 2 euros extra. The main restaurant is a real factory, but there is a second buffet: smaller and quieter. We find the same dishes in both restaurants. Industrial food with no taste. Table service: your plate is taken away without asking your opinion or having finished! I left my plate behind and went to the buffet. The waiter threw it away with my room card! No excuses! When I took a piece of bread to take with me, on the last day the waiter asked me not to do it again, even though this hotel is a pit of food waste and pollution. The reception staff are helpful but do not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information. The rooms are small. 6. Yorum: Family stay, mid July 24 the pros: in terms of price quality: it's ok, meals available 24 hours a day with several restaurants and snacks. Several swimming pools, well-secured park. Several activities for children. Beach nearby with shuttle, deckchairs available and free, beach restaurant also available, very good internet connection. Working air conditioning. Spa with hammam sauna. Top animation Clean beach. the downsides: the food, it is poor quality, no taste and very very sweet. Sweetened drinks and even sweetened real orange juice cost you 2 euros extra. The main restaurant is a real tulip factory, not bad. The same dishes are found in all restaurants. Industrial food with no taste. Table service: your plate is taken away without asking your opinion or having finished! The staff is very helpful but does not speak English so communication is very complicated to get information, the shops offer very expensive and poor quality items, the reception does not handle requests correctly: we ask for a taxi to the airport at 5 a.m. for 5 people and they call us a small taxi and tell us that there is nothing else... Of course vans and big cars do not exist in Türkiye...!!! The rooms are too small, the cleaning needs to be completely overhauled and there is a lack of storage space in the bedrooms and bathrooms. Travel tours call you several times to sell you very expensive trips. 7. Yorum: This hotel is of high quality in terms of its very seaside location. It is quite pleasant to stay there. Overall the hotel is positive and good for a vacation. Despite this, there are some problems with the operation of things. The first point that was particularly painful is that there is not necessarily a very complete activity schedule. Even with a not very long schedule, certain activities such as beach volleyball are still completely neglected (there is no facilitator there even if it is marked as an activity) which makes it more complicated to find a place in the game in view of the mix of languages. A slightly more annoying problem that I did not understand during the stay is that no child under 16 can participate in the simple program without counting the kids club. However, the activities that do not necessarily require effort, such as step (said like Zumba on the schedule) are completely empty, so children and parents can never do activities together. Because it is separated between the adult schedule which should not be and the kids club. The second small point is the shops because many things are chargeable in the hotel but this is understandable because this is an additional request but in the evening when the parties take place there is a man holding a game where the children enter balls which float on the pool, a funny game and which we thought was included in the all in. Not at all, the man took two of my children up, sent them out into the water and then told me it cost 10 euros. I'm not 10 euros shy but I would have appreciated it if he had warned me and not ripped me off like that because in any case I would have paid. Last thing, there are lots of shops at the hotel reception. I find that the entrance looks more like a shopping centre than a hotel, but nothing serious. However, one day we wanted to buy postcards from a seller downstairs. The first time it was very nice when me and my husband went there with the kids, then we left because we didn't have the money on us with my husband looking for the money upstairs in the room. Our children stayed there to see their favourite and were kicked out the second we left as obviously children can't pay for anything and they understood very well that there was nothing to be gained with children alone. Despite these problems we had a very good holiday in a hotel that lived up to our expectations. 8. Yorum: The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. |The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere.|I recommend it. The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. |The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere.|I recommend it. 9. Yorum: Very good stay, with a large choice of buffet, swimming pools. Staff attentive and responsive to every request. Very pleasant with the private beach. A very good stay, very relaxing and above all very warm. A very beautiful country to rediscover as soon as possible 10. Yorum: The stay was perfect, the concern for cleanliness and professionalism is omnipresent. The children loved the festive and friendly atmosphere. I recommend. 11. Yorum: We had a good holiday but there are a few things that could be improved: - the standard room is very small, plus we didn't have a cot (even though I had specified it) and it was two single beds pushed together - the cleaning is sloppy, the bathroom is not very clean, lack of storage - some members of staff are not very welcoming, they only want your money or talk to you out of self-interest - the hotel is far from the city centre but it is complete: spa, restaurant, activities for children, swimming pool and beach, it is rather appreciable. Special mention for a masseuse (I forgot her name) - do not shop in the hotel, it is much too expensive - some prices are set per customer, if you come from France be careful - the restaurants are full! Otherwise the food is pretty good. Good overall but nothing more, I would not return to this hotel 12. Yorum: RUN AWAY, the receptionists are all nonchalant, as are the managers. They do not take proper care of the customer when he arrives at the hotel, they prioritize people who speak their language. I waited 4 hours at reception before finding my reservation. 13. Yorum: Very good hotel, very large, the rooms are spacious, I love it, the staff were very friendly and helpful. At the children's mini club we met Helin, a very pleasant person who loves her work and who adores children. My daughters loved staying with her. I recommend this hotel to you. 14. Yorum: The hotel is a great hotel despite the fact that there is not enough entertainment. The food is excellent, lots of choice. 15. Yorum: Very nice hotel with good staff and activities every evening very close to the sea I recommend!! 16. Yorum: Room too small and without terrace because we had a child Very nice staff and clean hotel with enough deckchairs 17. Yorum: Very nice hotel and very friendly staff and the service is excellent. Use without moderation 18. Yorum: A very good stay in the Grand Park Lara hotel. We are enjoying our vacation here! 19. Yorum: The service is nice, lots of different things, interesting activities, the food is good and different, nothing to say, we have a good holiday 20. Yorum: This hotel is truly amazing. The welcome is warm and the service impeccable. 21. Yorum: For the Mini clubs, my daughter really loved all the activities. Top top top 🥰👌 22. Yorum: For medical tourism it was a great stay, the hotel was very nice, the staff too. Hotel to recommend. 23. Yorum: Like every year I book all in via Corendon hotel + Flight this hotel I have already been since 2015 six times to this hotel I love the hotel but this year everything has changed from the beginning I arrived at 3am with my wife and two … 24. Yorum: One of the restaurants open from 10pm to 6am which is very convenient when you arrive at 11pm. A children's cinema in the hotel. However, the room is small compared to other hotels in the area. But really not expensive as a hotel. A pretty good compromise. The TV must be 15 years old and the picture is poor. They wake us up at 8:30 to sell us expeditions... and you can't take food by the pool. 25. Yorum: It looks like a council house and is noisy. Prayers can be heard over loudspeakers starting at 4am and 4 to 5 times a day. 26. Yorum: The hotel is excellent with a magnificent swimming pool, the buffet has a very serious choice of food with quality. We are satisfied with the room which has everything we need. To recommend 27. Yorum: I was there for two weeks in September with my wife and my 5 month old baby, I didn't enjoy it at all!!!! for families I do not recommend noise pollution every evening (nightclub in the swimming pool) the hotel is not on the seafront you have to... 28. Yorum: First all-inclusive experience and just incredible, the staff is attentive and efficient. You don't even need to leave the hotel, they have really thought of everything! I recommend it to you! 29. Yorum: Always delighted to spend holidays at Gd Park L'ara. The staff is super professional and enterprising, the food is good and it is safe 30. Yorum: It is a beautiful hotel, the food is very good and the shows are well presented, ||everyone is respectful, there are also cats everywhere, they are so cute||we can find several restaurants and several bars ||at the beach there is also a place where we can eat. 31. Yorum: Superb hotel, be careful there are a lot of rooms without balconies, do not take a standard room. Small bus to go to the sea, you have to cross a big road, but it's not a problem there are lights. The entertainment is great, the food very good. Cleanliness and warm welcome.. 32. Yorum: Hotel to recommend for its unbeatable location, quality price, the staff is very correct, just a small criticism, the room is a bit small and no balcony, otherwise nothing to say, come and see honestly 😜😘 33. Yorum: Super nice, everything went well and very good for the children 34. Yorum: Everything was perfect. I was able to get advice from Irem who works in “guest relations” and she helped me a lot! 35. Yorum: The hotel is well located close to shops and the beach. L. The whole hotel was very clean. Great entertainment with a good atmosphere, music every evening, great. Drinks with beautiful and very good cocktails. The buffet food is … 36. Yorum: The hotel's activities are really cool, there is something for all ages and tastes throughout the day. We never get bored. The hosts are great, always smiling and always trying to talk to everyone despite the language barrier. Very good hotel 37. Yorum: Very well located, perfect welcome and service. Different places to eat, good choice.. but it's a shame that the dishes are tasteless. To improve and it will be the best!! 38. Yorum: 2 beautiful swimming pools plus the 3rd with slides (great for children); the food is good and varied, the kid club entertainers are great. But all this is spoiled by the quality of service, very cold and unprofessional welcome for a 4 star hotel, room not clean on arrival, request for an iron (normal for a 4 star) we are told that it does not exist at their place and that we had to pay for the dry cleaning when a cleaning lady brought us one, a real disgrace!!!!!! And what about our departure, late flight, so check out at 12 p.m. and we were told that we could shower at the spa, when we arrived there 2 people did not want to provide us with towels!!!!!!!!!!!! After 5 minutes of negotiations, we were given 3 towels even though we are a family of 5 including 3 children!!! The staff is really disgusting (first time I use this word in my feedback and yet I travel a lot) 39. Yorum: Hotel to avoid if you want rest. Lots of people everywhere. Restaurant crowded all the time. People at any time. A horrible noise and let's not talk about the swimming pools we are like sardines on top of each other. And I add the Transat people set their alarms for 5:30 a.m. to put their towels in. 40. Yorum: Nice hotel, nice staff, good stay 41. Yorum: Rooms quite small, cleaning left something to be desired for me despite several comments, which is a shame. Meals were plentiful, sometimes too much, but well managed. 42. Yorum: I am currently at the hotel for the price not too bad what is a shame is that in the evening it is difficult to find a place at the table to have a drink because there are a lot of people, the beach is more or less 400 m there is a hotel shuttle that will take us, the food is correct and I have a room with a terrace on the other hand for those who want to sleep peacefully a little complicated because there is a lot of noise in the evening, last small detail those who want a place by the pool must get up early 43. Yorum: This is the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel and I will be returning with my family next year. The service is perfect and the staff is attentive. 44. Yorum: As you would expect, tourist factory (650 rooms???) with very welcoming staff. Very varied and good food for all tastes. Ideal for relaxation. Swimming pool and gym, bar, everything is there... I really enjoyed the stay. The sea is a 5-minute walk away. Ideal for families!!! 45. Yorum: The hotel is amazing and the service too 46. Yorum: It's very nice, at this time of year. But during the summer it can be hell. In good weather. It is difficult to find 1 deckchair by the pool. 47. Comment: I hope it's normal.. unsmiling staff... that he doesn't love us, nothing special. After a night in the room, the double mattress was broken, badly damaged, back pain afterwards = mattress to replace. But the answer is no other room available.. the room should not have been sold with the condition of the mattress... moreover the mediocre room service barely cleaned... no replacement there remains only the liquid soap attached to the shower wall. moreover bus of the bathroom area water leak flowing .... 3 star hotel not 5 star 48. Yorum: Too big noisy restaurant complex. staff does not speak French... Neither at the reception nor in the services Very nice varied buffet very good food (but what a shame this waste of food) friendly staff. Establishment that looks after your well-being. Impeccable cleanliness, therefore 4 out of 5 spacious bedrooms with large living room 49. Yorum: Horrible hotels!!!!!! The food is not varied. Every day we have the same dishes. No activities for children and adults. Unfriendly and unhelpful staff. Small and very dirty room. I found a cockroach!!!!!!! I strongly advise against it. You have good hotels just opposite 50. Yorum: A very good hotel, very well located. Very friendly staff, especially Miss Irem ;) to come back for sure 51. Yorum: It’s a very beautiful place with a great welcome! Thank you, see you soon 😎 The food is varied and the employees are pleasant! 52. Yorum: very nice hotel close to the sea 53. Yorum: I had a very good holiday. Good food at all times. Very clean hotel. Too bad there is no balcony in the room. Animations au top 54. Yorum: Yasemin was a great help, she is very kind and professional, a real asset 55. Yorum: Very very dirty hotel, the rooms are not cleaned at all, disgusting.. disgusted I come to Türkiye every 2 years this is the first time I have seen such a filthy hotel can't wait to go back home to run away!!! It's a factory, the thing is, we're on top of each other, horrible 56. Yorum: Nice clean hotel and good food. Friendly, smiling and well-organized staff. Great stay with the little family! To recommend! 57. Yorum: The mistress is not comfortable, the restaurant is too noisy, the staff is very friendly, the guest isolation is magnificent, madam suma is very kind and she helped me, thank you for everything, it's quiet, it's relaxing to sleep 58. Yorum: Top hotel, very spacious, top service staff, top cleaning lady, thank you. Super friendly and very clean woman ayla hanim 59. Yorum: A very large complex Too many people in August Staff not very friendly Complex on 3 blocks Our block suffered damage very big water leak the facts were in August 2018 Bad publicity for a complex classified 4 stars. Food was repetitive but overall decent. Shows were very interesting. Non-existent discotheque, a sort of small pub where there was music of the choice of the customers preferred generally Dutch. To visit during the stay in Antalya the waterfalls and the sea trip Magnificent landscape. 60. Yorum: Friendly, welcoming hotel! I went as a couple for 6 nights (early October), we really liked it, large buffet, impeccable service, beautiful swimming pool, etc... The only problem we found was the alcoholic beverages. They are not all included in the price, the entire establishment was not open, that the wifi is extra in the rooms while it is free on the ground floor, the "fresh" fruit juices are chargeable 2€ not much certainly but at breakfast it goes down better than coffee or tea!!! Regarding their private beach, I found it a little neglected, a better layout and organization would not be a luxury!!! But otherwise, overall everything went very well!! Don't hesitate to go out and shop, good products, good prices, and compare before buying!!! Last advice if you take a taxi ask the price before and especially ask them to write it down!!! Because he told me 12€ and when I asked to write he put 20€!!!! 61. Yorum: Superb hotel, very spacious, very clean swimming pools, great activities and above all good food! 62. Yorum: Super good stay with my mom and her friends! The staff was super friendly, nothing to say! And at the top reception we were even upgraded!! I wanted to come back in August but the prices are unfortunately astronomical 🙄 otherwise top 63. Yorum: Very pleasant with attentive staff. 64. Yorum: We regretted choosing this hotel! There were water cuts and maintenance problems; near the elevator and in the hotel bar! We even had a pair of Dior glasses stolen. A member of staff claims to have found the glasses and that he had put them on a table but that he no longer knew who could have taken them!! We went to see the guest relations who made us understand that they are not responsible for the losses and thefts that customers suffer and that you have to be responsible for your property! very bad experience in this hotel! We regretted that we chose this hotel! There were water cuts and maintenance problems near the elevator and the hotel bar! we have been stolen ! yes someone stole my sunglasses Dior ! and a staff member claimed to have found the glasses and put them on a table but that he did not know who could have taken them!! We went to see the guest relation that makes us understand that they are not responsible for the losses and stolen items of the customers and that we must be responsible for our things ! Very bad experience in this hotel! 65. Yorum: Very nice location with great activities and excellent food. The people are very friendly 66. Yorum: Exceptional service, I do not regret my stay in this hotel with my son. 67. Yorum: The cleaning lady hasn't washed the floors, sheets or tables since we arrived, she did it once!!!! In 7 days!!!! 68. Yorum: Run away from this place if you can't stand the crowds and the noise! 800 rooms to be multiplied by 3 or 4 people per room, I'll let you do the math! High volume food with no real flavor to satisfy this horde of people... 69. Yorum: There was an idea, but too much is the enemy of good. The open-air nightclub where people scream all night is not possible with children. I strongly advise against 70. Yorum: Good overall, nice rooms, very clean, wide choice for eating, sea right next door, however not much activity in the evenings, except in the bar but no places, we get bored a lot, lack of space in the restaurant, the waiters clear away too quickly, sometimes we don't even have time to eat that our plates are already gone, waitress too rude (one day I can't find a place to sit at the table, except one with 2 places but being 3 (my husband, my child and me) I add 1 chair and the waitress tells me that I can't, no worries I respect and accept her remark she was absolutely right, seen from a distance it blocked the passage, then I tell her I can't find another place with my plates in hand and she tells me for that I don't know how to help you and do nothing for you (I didn't expect her to go around the restaurant to find me a place but to tell me something other than I don't know how to do anything) a 2nd evening, I come home, I take my dishes and sit down and start eating after 20 minutes the lights go out the restaurant starts to close, we were busy eating a dessert that one of the waitresses almost threw us out saying that the restaurant was closing, there were still about 10 of us in the restaurant, when it closes you don't let new people in but you should still let those who are there finish. for the rest nothing to say super cool. 71. Yorum: I really liked this place, the pools are very good and suitable for children. However, I find the food good but very repetitive, you get tired of it! 72. Yorum: Zero reception service especially a woman who wears glasses she speaks French she is very mean to go to the sea you have to wait a long time for the shuttle restaurant 0000 the food always the same this is not a good Hotel for families I do not recommend this hotel 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 73. Yorum: A very bad choice after several trips to Türkiye. the standard rooms like a cell. Materials that appear chic but are not maintained, shower room and toilets, for example. Bad publicity for the CPRENDON travel agency. In any case, they will hear us in Brussels. 74. Yorum: This is the second time I've been back and this time I was a little disappointed unlike the first time where I loved it, the staff was cold, they picked up our plates while we were still eating, or if I went to the buffet when I got back no more plates, the food was not very good and always the same thing, not varied, I don't think I'll go back unfortunately 75. Yorum: I paid for a room overlooking the pool and I found myself in a room overlooking the street, the reception staff were very unpleasant, my vacation was wasted, I am currently still in the hotel, I am in a hurry to go home, I strongly advise against it to those who speak French, too bad it is a beautiful hotel, I thank the staff around the pool who are very professional 76. Yorum: A good hotel overall, however the rooms without balconies are not great. 77. Yorum: I thought with a name like that I would come across a great hotel. Disappointed in the evening when eating it's horrible, there's shouting everywhere and if you planned to get up to get something to eat your plate disappears. do not recommend it 78. Yorum: Nice hotel with 4 swimming pools, hair salon, shops,. very good bedding, varied buffet etc etc right next to a bazaar where you can find everything. Particularly at the back of the gallery a store of mixed spices for all kinds of dishes prepared by the seller who knows the plants very well, it is a real medical dictionary, speaks a little French but German very well. Preparation for psoriasis, for pain, for epileptic seizures. made with plants, oils, natural products prepared by him. Herbal teas, teas, soaps, etc., must-sees. 79. Yorum: zero service I don't recommend it to you the restaurant always there same things small swimming pool the beds not comfortable not liked at all not recommended 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 80. Yorum: Nothing to complain about! Impeccable service, impeccable cleanliness and 24/7 buffet with plenty of choice! We will come back with pleasure! 81. Yorum: Large hotel complex where everything is present for an excellent stay, competent, kind and professional staff 82. Year: Top Very good 83. Yorum: I am very happy with this hotel 84. Yorum: Superb hotel, comfortable, clean and inexpensive, great staff, I would happily return 85. Yorum: Not the best Turkish hotel I've been to but for that. quality price do not hesitate. 86. Yorum: superb place beautiful hotel and magnificent beach. the only problem is the language.... to discover.... 87. Yorum: Very good hotel 88. Yorum: Kader smiles very well with me she takes care of me too well ❤️ 89. Yorum: Pleasant setting. Correct prices. restoration to see taste side 90. Comment: Good hotel nice service👍👍👍👍👍 91. Yorum: Very beautiful, magnificent hotel! 92. Yorum: This is really a nice Hotel 93. Yorum: Dream vacation, top service 94. Yorum: Highly recommend, exceptional welcome, attentive, top service 95. Yorum: Great family vacation 🧡❤️✨ … 96. Year: Park kara zero service zero staff zero 000000000 97. Yorum: Magnificent impeccable service, attentive staff 98. Yorum: Very good hotel 99. Yorum: Nice clean hotel 100. Comment: All in all 101. Yorum: Beautiful 👍❤👌 102. Yorum: Excellent, lively place 103. Yorum: Too touristy to catch pigeons 104. Comment: Sympa 105. Yorum: 6th stay! 106. Comment: Splendide 107. Yorum: Personal beautiful helpful 108. Comment: Super je.... 109. Comment: Sans plus. 110. Yorum: Very cool hotel experience. There are many Russian speakers, several girls at the reception speak Russian, signs and signs are in Russian. We had a double room without a balcony. The room, although small, is comfortable, clean and well cleaned. There is a large bed, which is a huge plus. The room has a fridge, water, kettle, tea and coffee, air conditioning. But the audibility is strong (The food is very tasty and varied. Lots of vegetables, fruits, seafood, meat, sweets. They serve food 24/7. There are several bars, a great selection of cocktails, all delicious. Cold bottled water is always available and there are refrigerators with water. Large swimming pool with slides. Lots of lounge chairs. It's a 2 minute walk to the sea, there is a golf cart, the sea is warm, but there were strong waves. The beach is clean, there is a playground, a bar and toilets. There is a pier, but it is not equipped. You can play volleyball. Sometimes there were discos on the beach. Circles, mattresses, hats, etc. are sold. You can also fly by parachute, paraglider, ride a catamaran or jet ski. I only got Wi-Fi at sea occasionally. Nice entertainment in the evening. Dancing, DJ, songs, magic tricks. Sometimes they even include Russian songs.) I especially liked the show with motorcycles. The hotel itself has a spa, hairdresser, clothing and souvenir shops. The hotel has a children's playground, a games room and a cinema. There is a stop near the hotel, if you walk a little there will be a machine where you can top up your card. There is a market nearby, Migros, car and mountain bike rentals, a shopping center and pharmacies. From the hotel to Terracity Shopping Center it takes about 30 minutes by bus. It takes about 25 minutes to get to the airport by car. 111. Yorum: I recently stayed at this hotel with my family and it was a disaster from start to finish. To begin with, the food was terrible. There was no variety and what was offered was bland and repetitive. They didn't even have simple options for kids like pizza etc. in the main restaurant, just the same spaghetti every day. The staff were incredibly rude, including the cleaning staff, who showed no respect for our privacy. The household would knock and then burst in within seconds, which is totally unacceptable. None of the staff spoke or understood English, making communication extremely difficult. I decided to get a manicure at the hotel spa, which was another disappointment. The lady who did my nails was rude and dismissive. After applying the nail polish she told me to go outside and put my hands up to dry them – ridiculous and unprofessional! The rudeness didn't stop there. The security staff and bellboys were also rude, laughing and joking among themselves while ignoring the guests. The hotel lacked basic amenities like air conditioning in the hallways, which made the entire experience uncomfortable. We had to change rooms several times because items in our rooms were either broken or dangerous. No one apologized or made us feel welcome. We were not even informed of the breakfast times or locations upon arrival. To top it off, finding a lounge chair was almost impossible unless you woke up at 6am. This is not a relaxing vacation! I am Addition, there is a horrible sewage smell outside near the pools which is really off putting and not pleasant to smell. Having traveled to Türkiye several times, this experience was by far the worst. This hotel is unprofessional and not worth the money, especially if you are coming from England. I would strongly advise avoiding this place at all costs. We will not return. 112. Yorum: The price/quality ratio is definitely justified. You definitely won't go hungry here. At each stop there is either a bar, a café or a restaurant. There is a private beach, although the hotel is not located near the sea. But all the infrastructure is on the beach. You can easily get there on foot. If you're lazy, they have a big golf cart that goes back and forth. The hotel also has a spa building. Sauna, hammam, steam room. You can also get a massage there. I highly recommend massage therapist Mehmet Can, who will skillfully knead all your muscles. The main pearl of the hotel is the kids club. Our daughter really enjoyed her stay there. The club team became his true friends. We leave our daughter there without any worries, since she will be much more interested in the club. At the end of each day, this club organizes a mini disco for all the children. I would like to thank the kids club team: Mariana, Sulfiye, Angelina, Sude and Altynay. They are a true example of how to spend time with children. For each day, they have their own program, a trip to the mini cinema, games, crafts, mini outings. Children come to this club with great enthusiasm, which is good for parents, who can relax and not worry about their child. For adults, entertainment is also organized on site every evening. There is a gym and several swimming pools. Among the disadvantages I would say the water pressure in the rooms. The higher the ground, the lower the pressure. I hope this problem will be solved. The room cleaning is a bit poor. But that's only in the rooms. The entire hotel is constantly cleaned. There is already a complaint from visitors. While the staff cleans very quickly and efficiently, this does not mean that you can leave the waste anywhere. There are trash cans everywhere, with selective waste collection. I would like to thank the administrator of Kasiet for his help in checking in to the hotel. 113. Yorum: Our stay was truly wonderful! The room (Family Suite) was large, very clean, it was cleaned daily. There was an abundance of food and drinks to choose from, they even have a restaurant open 24/7 so it was impossible to go hungry! The staff was very well organized, the pool is very clean. There are concerts and fun activities every day, we really feel like the Resort has done everything it could to please us! We had clean pool and beach towels every day, and the beach ⛱ has no rocks, the entry into the sea is gentle. I really have no complaints, this hotel definitely exceeded my expectations! Kudos to the management team and staff for doing such a great job! If there is only one suggestion I could make, it would be to maybe include a few more European foods (maybe mashed potatoes and beef burgers or even 🍕, why not), because sometimes we felt like there were maybe a lot of mutton and lamb options and maybe not. enough chicken and beef but again not something that bothered us, like I said it was GREAT, well done!!! I would definitely consider returning in the future! 114. Yorum: So, I've been to many hotels but this place is just something else. I don't know what to think about it but I'll just say that I really enjoyed my time here, they have tasty food, friendly staff... 115. Yorum: We arrived at this hotel last night. Absolutely horrible customer service. I came last night and asked for a thin pillow, and the front desk staff told me there was only one size pillow in the entire hotel. When asked why that was his answer, I don't know. I asked for the pillows to be huge and my neck will hurt in the morning and he keeps saying I don't know. When I asked if he could ask questions at home, his answer was: I don't know. I started in 3 and 4 star hotels and they always provided me with thin pillows. These pillows look like a ton of bricks were stuffed into them. Absolutely terrible customer service and it's only my first night. They clearly don't want to help. I dread to think what the rest of my trip here will be like. God save me. Stay away from the hotel. The hotel itself is a 3 star and the service is terrible! You will find better value for your money, don't waste it here. 116. Yorum: Wonderful hotel. We rested in August 2024. Adults 5 people, rented 2 rooms, family and standard Excellent and varied cuisine, special thanks to the pastry chef, cleanliness, polite staff, very hardworking. Evening shows by professionals. Huge hotel area, beautiful and large beach, smooth entry into the water, attention to detail, customer care. We lost our phone and a bag of souvenirs. Everything was found by the attentive staff and returned to reception. Thank you for a wonderful holiday. We will definitely be back! 117. Yorum: We had a wonderful week here. The staff were lovely. The room was good. The food was good. There were lots of things to do and the entertainment was amazing. There are plenty of things for children to do. I will come back! 118. Yorum: We arrived and our suitcases were carefully carried to the room by the staff. We went to the pool and everything was already full, there was no place to sit, lots of beds, towels but no one on them. The next morning at 7am I went to get a cup of coffee and to my surprise all the pool beds were full of towels, there were only a few beds available so if you wanted to lie down you had to get a sunbed early, ridiculous as most people only came to bed in the afternoon. The food is good if you like it, but the same choices every day, so we eat outside the park regularly. The beds in the rooms are hard. The view from GH was less, we overlooked the tennis court on the back road where the rubbish is on the road, but Grandpark Lara can't do anything about it, it's not their nature. I also missed the balcony, we didn't have one, we indicated it when booking and it was the lowest possible but we didn't have it. I told the front desk that everything was full, but they did their best to find a solution. The staff are friendly and do their best despite the heat to keep everything clean and tidy. We were not bothered by the noise of the evening entertainment as we were at the back. One evening we had heavy rain and thunder, rain water got into the floor of the hotel room, soaked, also in our son and daughter-in-law's room, so we dried everything ourselves, so we couldn't use the elevator. indicated at reception, unfortunately no staff came to bring towels, luckily I knew where the stock was and collected them myself. The power was regularly cut off for a few seconds. We also enjoyed our holiday entertainment programme every evening for young and old. Even though this was our second stay at Grandpark Lara Antalya, it won't be a third time. Too little space by the pool, crowded and the evening meal was always the same. We also enjoyed our vacation and the weather was great! 119. Yorum: Hello, I will share in detail below the positive and negative aspects of the hotel. We stayed at the hotel with my wife for 4 nights and 5 days. Check in to the hotel is normally at 2:00 pm, we entered the hotel at 8:00 am, they immediately attended to us, the check in process was completed and they told us to have breakfast, our room was ready until 10:00 am. waiting for. The lady at reception reserved a family room with balcony for us even though we had taken a standard room. We thank her very much for this gesture, we were delighted. The room was clean, cleaning is done upon request. The employees try to help with a smile. The hotel offers after-dinner activities every day after 9:30 p.m., such as concerts, dance parties, shows, etc. They are very successful and entertaining. Let's move on to the bad parts; Overloaded!! The hotel is extremely unpleasant! To find a deckchair by the pool, you have to wake up at 7am and take a deckchair. It is almost impossible to find an empty deckchair after 10am. The pool is very busy and sometimes it is impossible to find a place to swim comfortably. The distance between the deckchairs is very narrow, extremely uncomfortable. It is not possible for a hotel with excessive capacity to accommodate so many people, neither the staff nor the facilities. The employees were unable to keep up with the guests. During the 5 nights, only one friend asked us if we needed anything. Other than that we had to queue and buy all our needs, drinks etc. ourselves. Yes, I say queue, because there was a queue in both the bar section and the snacks and lunch section. The area around the pool was dirty, we didn't see any staff coming to help if something was spilled on the floor or there was litter. We handled all of these operations ourselves. We didn't see many of our employees, it was obvious that there was not enough staff. As for food, they eat the same food every day, almost even the taste is the same, every dish tastes similar, they need to improve in this regard. Drinks, refills, fanta cola, etc. taste like MC Donalds burger drinks, they are tasteless and not acidic. The staff is used to talking freely, especially since there are many foreigners, but as you know, there are Turks in the hotel, we are in Antalya. We constantly hear swearing and slang between them, be careful about that. The beach is a 5-minute walk from the hotel. It is constantly open, but it cannot be said to be very clean. The details are as follows, friends who want to go should know them. 120. Yorum: Nice hotel, friendly people Email sent 4 times for the same room (didn't get it) same block B, 1st floor above bar (sometimes very noisy) friends last year are you also considering not coming anymore?? when people were taking a shower we heard it upstairs the water was running down the drains the food was not always hot and the fruit was sometimes too hard The entertainment team did not involve people enough in the activities The evening shows have been pretty much the same for 3 years, after the shows last year nothing to do DJ in the bar now Seen once In other hotels much more atmosphere and music However, it left me with great people, a great holiday and wonderful memories. D. G. 121. Yorum: Our stay at the hotel was simply wonderful! The atmosphere is impressive and the food leaves nothing to be desired. Of particular note are the swimming pools, which are beautiful and well maintained. The staff are always friendly and helpful, which makes the stay even more enjoyable. Special thanks to the children's club "Miniclub". All the employees there are friendly and very motivated. Our children had a lot of fun there and were excited about the activities and care. We can definitely recommend this hotel and are already looking forward to our next stay! 122. Yorum: A fantastic holiday. All the staff are very kind and attentive, nothing is a problem, very helpful. My family all enjoyed the food, there is something for everyone. My youngest son is a picky eater and always finds something to eat. The deckchair situation only really occurs at the main pool. We managed to set up deckchairs on the grass every day in a good spot. The entertainment was good, the dinghies and party night were the best to watch. The rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels and bottled water in the fridge. I was the only one out of 4 to be bitten, 3 pieces on my feet. Overall it was a great holiday and we would return!! 123. Yorum: We rested on August 19 for 11 days with my husband and two children (10 years old and 1 year old). It was a 25 minute drive from the airport, but we had to wait half an hour for those who were late for the … 124. Yorum: My children and I are having a wonderful time. We loved the beach which is included in the all inclusive hotel. We had so much fun on the water slides and different pools that are here. Also, the entertainment was very good during one evening, during which we really enjoyed the drifters and the xx 125 disco evening. Yorum: We were here for the third time, but unfortunately also the last time. Extremely busy, too busy, way too many Russians and English, very anti-social people!! Long lines for food, the dining room is very noisy as it echoes. People book beds at 6am, so you don't always get a spot. The food was simple, not very special. The rooms were poorly cleaned and a towel was often forgotten. In short, I will not come back here 126. Yorum: I would like to briefly outline the pros and cons. +The welcome is good, friendly and helpful in everything. +The room cleaning is good +The breakfast is good +The entertainment is good +In case of emergency, thanks to the location of the hotel, it is good to be able to meet your needs from places like pharmacies and markets. +Good 24/7 food and beverage facilities +The swimming pools are divided into three: swimming pool, children's pool and Aqua. +The walking distance to the sea is good, five minutes maximum, if you wish you can use the shuttle. +It is good to have changing rooms, showers, unlimited food and drink options and sun loungers with awnings at sea. +The variety of each meal is quite good, but unfortunately it did not appeal to us in terms of taste What we are not satisfied with: -pollution of the pools, while we were among the first to enter the pool in the morning, sharp stones that settled on the bottom hurt our feet throughout the holiday, cleaning of the bottom of the pool is poor -Unfortunately, the area around the pool is dirty, largely due to the negligence and disorder of the guests, but given this situation, everything should be swept at least in the evening. -There is a problem with the sun loungers in every hotel, every hotel staff should intervene definitively and clearly. It's annoying that people "reserve" the deckchairs with their personal belongings before breakfast starts. Even though we were alone in the pool for two hours, the number of sunbeds we had was one, as the others were "reserved" with items such as towels. and pool bagels. The owners were nowhere to be found, that's bad!!! -The speed of work of the restaurant staff is very good and successful+, but it is a pity that my plate is taken away as soon as I put the last bite in my mouth -As I mentioned above, there was a lot of variety in the food, but it did not appeal to us in terms of taste. It is a relative situation. -elevator, room 5./6./7./8. and slow for those on the 9th floor -I find it a shame that people are allowed to leave their personal towels and children's pool toys out at the end of the day. This negatively affects or even prevents cleaning. The loungers are very heavy and cannot be retrieved and rearranged every day, but in a very large and crowded hotel, cleanliness is very important at the meeting point of everyone. Unfortunately, my child's feet and chest are affected by allergies. , rashes and itching. Why did this happen? Nevertheless, we had a pleasant and comfortable holiday, thank you. We left the hotel on 4/9/24. The last forty minutes were a real fiasco. WARNING TO TURKISH TOURISTS DO NOT COME TO THIS HOTEL IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO LIVE WITH DOUBLE STANDARD! IT IS A PLACE LOVED BY FOREIGN TOURISTS. It's a place full of people who lack morals and manners. As if those who reserve deckchairs with their personal belongings at dawn were not enough, they even take possession of deckchairs that do not belong to them, lying and slandering, and throwing away the belongings. And the staff doesn't talk about it WHY? Because foreign tourists equal MONEY! A hotel where you will have to spoil your manners! 127. Yorum: We stayed in 3 rooms for a family of 9 between August 23rd and 30th. It was very nice not to have to worry about cleaning the pool and sun loungers. The hot food section of the main restaurant was insufficient as it was located in the same place. You have to wait in long lines if you want to buy the main dishes there. The kids club was very successful. Our 3 children spent the whole day there without ever getting bored. The activities were diverse and numerous. The play sisters and brothers were caring, kind and attentive to the children, we would especially like to thank our sister Hélin :) The cleaning of the rooms was very good, but the mini-bar and water renewal services were not sufficient. We had a wonderful and safe holiday in a vast area, without having to worry about eating and drinking 24 hours a day. Thanks to all employees who contributed. I will go back :)