1. Comment: For the fifth time we had a wonderful stay at IC Residence. We traveled with eight friends and stayed in the Lake Villas. the villas are luxuriously equipped with direct access to a super pool. The whole environment of IC Green Residence looks very good… 2. Yorum: An excellent hotel for a family holiday.|We stayed in the lakeside villa, the villa was very comfortable, spacious rooms, 2 bathrooms, comfortable terraces by the pool. High quality daily cleaning! The villas are very quiet, so no one will … 3. Comment: We have had a wonderful stay at IC Residence. We traveled as two families together and stayed in the Lake Villas first which was great - with direct access to a super pool and large rooms with everything you need. We were given the opportunity to switch to … 4. Comment: We have stayed at IC Residence for the past three years and it never disappoints! The service is first class - the staff always find a way to meet your needs, even if they don't have anything right away. They go the extra mile, like preparing special meals if you ask. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming which makes the experience even more enjoyable. It's the perfect place to relax, and the only hard part is adjusting to life after the holidays! We are already looking forward to our next stay. 5. Comment: A wonderful hotel with a large area and several restaurants that offer a variety of dishes for every taste. I was particularly struck by the variety of food, each restaurant has its own unique atmosphere and dishes. The staff is very responsive and … 6. Comment: The hotel area is divided into two parts, Green palace and Residence. We were in the Residence area. The whole area is beautiful and well maintained. |What we didn't like about the Residense area was the food.|- The pool service only worked sometimes. Compared to … 7. Comment: A great place for an intimate holiday! Beautifully manicured area in Balinese style, delicious food and a beautiful beach, where you can always calmly find a sunbed, unlike other places. |Many thanks to Tahmina for her greatest empathy and … 8. Comment: very nice facility, clean and tidy. The staff do everything to fulfill the guests' wishes. Here you understand that you are a guest. Nothing is missing. The only things that were annoying were other loud, drunk guests and the direct view from the room to the Green Palace hotel castle. The pool is large and clean, the beach bar always has something good to eat, the restaurant is quiet, well stocked... Overall, I can recommend the facility. We will be back. 9. Comment: We have holidayed in Turkey many times, always in 5 hotels. This time we chose a particularly relaxing holiday. The hotel is large and green. Everything is beautiful and cozy. We stayed in a Bali Junior villa with private pool. Every day I clean … 10. Yorum: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint!||This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix of fun for the kids and … 11. Comment: We went on vacation to this wonderful hotel with children (our children are of different ages), we are young parents, so we considered two territories that you can use at the highest level, these are the Green Palace Hotel nearby - there are many fun, … 12. Comment: Thank you very much! We enjoyed everything. |We stay at the hotel 3 times. Everything is top notch. I like the kitchen in the hotel. Very varied! Everyone can find something they like. A very relaxing holiday in the villas, if you want privacy then this is the place for… 13. Comment: It was a dream holiday! | It is always difficult to find accommodation for our family of 5. We have been looking for a long time for where to go;|- near the airport|- first line with sandy beach |- ultra all inclusive |- water park... 14. Comment: I liked everything very much. We stayed at the Lake Villas, a fantastic room with access to the pool. In general, there are no complaints about the hotel: clean, friendly and helpful staff, delicious food. IC Residence has its own restaurant and beach, making your stay even more comfortable. This is a hotel you want to return to. 15. Comment: This has been an exceptional holiday at IC Residence. We are traveling with 2 families with children (ages 7 and 10). We started at the Lake Villas which are very nice and spacious with direct access to a great pool. Halfway through we were upgraded to a … 16. Comment: We loved our stay here so much. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The food selection is excellent and the drinks are much better than other all-inclusive hotels we have stayed at. The pools and slides were great fun and there are loads of activities for the kids. Recommend. 17. Comment: 200% satisfaction! We love the place, gardens, pools, beach, entertainment, but best of all, all the people who work there hard and always kind, very friendly. Endless food, fruit, ice cream. Flowers everywhere, clean surroundings. Girls from … 18. Comment: We had the best family holiday in the IC home. The whole family had the best time. The pools, the water slides, the entertainment were all fantastic. The food was brilliant and the children enjoyed helping themselves to the ice creams. I strongly recommend. 19. Comment: We relax in this hotel room 5015 with the whole family and 2 children. Luxurious hotel, excellent villa, convenient access to the pool. It is quiet at night, no noise from neighbors. The food is 10 points, everything is always fresh and tasty. The hotel grounds are amazing, green! The staff work 100 percent! You feel at home! 20. Comment: We enjoyed 10 days with our family at this great resort. On arrival we were received very hospitably with champagne and snacks. We stayed in a Lake Villa on the first floor. Two spacious bedrooms with en suite bathroom and living room. Well-functioning air conditioning ... 21. Comment: Went to Ic Residence for the second time with our family for 13 days. Everything was great again! Lovely spacious Lake Villa with 2 bathrooms (tip: replace the bathtub with a walk-in shower). Mavi restaurant is great, you can order delicious food from the menu. … 22. Yorum: We come here for the second time and everything is perfect. The people are wonderful and the service is very good. There are many a la carte restaurants that you can use and they are all so tasty! Definitely recommend it and we will be back again. 23. Yorum: We relax at this hotel on the Antalya coast every year. Ideal location of the hotel. Impeccable service. Attention from the staff and assistants Marina and Ekaterina, who are in contact every day.||Various food.|Room cleaning is of high quality and timely. The minibar is refilled.|The rest is measured and calm. 24. Comment: A great place to relax with the family. We tried different hotels, this is definitely at the top.|Excellent food, great service, beach. Of the minuses: not the best room cleaning. But overall I can give it a solid five. If you ... 25. Yorum: Great hotel with the necessary peace and culinary delights. |Private transportation to and from the airport.|The lakeside villa is great! Room 5035 is quietly located with its own terrace! |Friendly and helpful staff. |Tip: |Place the fruit and the yogurt... 26. Comment: Flott ferry! Everything was to our liking and we were treated well. The food was good and there was a lot to do every day. The staff and animation team were very friendly. This is our second time here and everything is still great! Absolutely recommended. 27. Comment: It is a very peaceful and isolated environment If you want, you can go to the Green Palace side and do water and all kinds of activities. A private restaurant, pools, attentive waiters, lots of greenery. The lack of shade from the trees at … 28. Comment: IC Residency provided the perfect setting for our unforgettable family vacation. Our choice of a beach villa was ideal – it was beautifully maintained, offered a private pool for splashy fun, and even came with a dedicated cabana on the beach for ultimate relaxation. But what really impressed us was the exceptional hospitality. The staff, from the restaurants to the beach hut, went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and comfortable. The food options were delightful and everyone seemed genuinely dedicated to making sure our whole family had a wonderful time. The on-site water park and kids club were a big hit with my family, providing endless hours of entertainment. These amenities were a wonderful bonus that allowed us to relax and know that our kid was having a great time. Based on this wonderful experience, I would recommend IC Residency to anyone looking for a luxurious and relaxing vacation. 29. Comment: Perfect hotel to come with children. Delicious food, super friendly staff. Very quiet. We were in the 7th. Heaven and will definitely be back! Guest relations (Ekaterina) and reception (Tugce & Memmeth) very helpful and hospitable. Recommended! 30. Comment: IC Residence is an investment by IC Holding Tourism Group, one of the country's leading conglomerates. It is located next to IC Green Palace. What is meant by IC is İbrahim Çeçen. It is the business of IC Tourism Group that appeals to the high income market. It consists of villas of different sizes. Families, some of whom are on crowded holidays It was planned to be favored by. Although Concept is all inclusive like other IC Hotels, it is all inclusive adapted to the target group. The accommodation product is at a high level. The staff are knowledgeable, experienced and customer-oriented to support the concept. 31. Yorum: We stayed in a lakeside villa for eight days. It was the first flight holiday with our 8 month old daughter and we had a very nice holiday. It was continuously ensured that we were not missing anything. Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food at … 32. Comment: Everything is very good, the service and food are very successful, the sea is warm, the area where the villas are located is clean, it is enough to have a buggy service and the waiters and cooks do their best in terms of hygiene. We expected it to be a little less intense 33. Yorum: Hello everyone, thanks to the FB family, but especially for the snack a la carte, Mr. Sultan, Mr. Imran, Mr. Peace, Ms. Nergiz, you were amazing, our holiday was very nice, we will come again next year, the service is top notch, we can't explain it, we will stay for 3 people. 34. Yorum: We have just returned from 4 nights at IC Hotels Residence and as our first time in Antalya, we are very glad we booked the residence for our stay. We stayed in a luxury lake villa and the 4 bedrooms and living areas were very spacious for us and our two young boys and elderly parents. Access to the lagoon pool is brilliant and it rarely gets busy. What makes this hotel outstanding and somewhat unique in Antalya is that all activities and entertainment, water park, kids club, evening entertainment are next door at Green Palace, but you can then return to the sanctuary of the residence. The all inclusive at the hotel is really great with a range of different options, it feels quite generous. Many bars and cafes are scattered around the beach and pools with a variety of options to supply you with water, fresh juice and ice cream. It never felt difficult to get a drink, snack or ice cream. The food and beverage offering is very good, with à la carte breakfast, lunch and dinner plus a buffet option in the main restaurant as well as a private beach bar. The most important asset of the hotel is definitely the staff. They are friendly, kind and can't do enough for you. A big thank you to each and every one of them for making our stay so beautiful and memorable ❤️ We would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone looking to stay in Antalya and we will definitely be back next year. 35. Comment: From the lowest staff to the top staff, everyone is so caring, respectful, helpful in every way and does everything they can. Many thanks to everyone for their interest. Every part of the facility is very good and all your requests are met 24 hours a day. 36. Comment: It's my favorite hotel. It has been an indispensable part of my summer holidays for 6 years. They are always smiling and solution-oriented. Thanks for everything. See you again next year The food is great, the variety is great, the sea is fantastic. 37. Yorum: It was very quiet and peaceful family time. We are very grateful to the team. We booked Lake villa but after 3 days it was upgraded to Bali. We loved them both, of course Bali more ❤️ but the Lake villa was also very nice - 2 bedrooms, good size, everything you need is there. Bali one is a nice house with its own pool and small garden, larger rooms, and special rooms. It is very practical with small children. We loved the main restaurant IC Residence, in high season it is a must - quiet relaxing, never crowded, great service and menu. Special thanks for preparing some extra dishes from the menu for the baby. The beach is cozy and nice, clean and interesting for babies. Big thanks for the prams, with small children in hot times it was a big help! 🙏🙏🙏 The territory is green, big enough, well organized, no sound of loud music with closed windows. It was a great stay, thank you for such hospitality ❤️ 38. Comment: The holiday with the two small children was great all around: very warm welcome with champagne and non-alcoholic cocktail for the 3 year old, beautiful room with enough space for prams, sand toys etc. Big surprise on the second day: we were upgraded to … 39. Comment: We were in IC Residence for the second time in October with our son, daughter-in-law and grandson, and it was another great holiday. We had booked a lake villa twice but were upgraded to a superior deluxe villa!!! Wow, what was that!!! It was a luxurious experience, thank you for allowing us to enjoy it. The resort is what we want, quiet, luxurious, if you want more entertainment then go to the green palace. There is everything the children want. The main restaurant is great, good service and they make extra dishes for the grandchildren. Everything was fantastic, service, food experiences, the cleaning ladies and the private airport transfer are a nice way to start the holiday, and that is why we are traveling back in April. The Vandeperre-Helsen family. 40. Comment: Great place. Perfectly maintained park. The peace and quiet that you don't find in 'normal' all-inclusive places, and a wonderfully helpful, kind and sweet staff!!! Thank you so much for a great week!!! 41. Comment: The three of us stayed at this hotel in mid-October. |The hotel fully deserves its 5 stars. There was nothing to complain about. Cleanliness and service were excellent. |As a guest at IC Residence, you can also take advantage of all the services of IC … 42. Comment: IC Hotels Residence is a beautiful, quiet paradise with many villas. Ideal for those with children as it is located next to the Green Palace which has many facilities for children including many water slides and features, a fantastic kids club with lots of activities every day and several pools. There is a beautiful beach at the resort, and the restaurants at both the Residence and Green Palace are fantastic. All the staff are warm, kind and very helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for those with children who want a holiday that feels calm and peaceful but also has facilities to entertain the little ones. We will definitely be back. 43. Comment: A beautiful hotel complex ideal for children and families. The reception from Marina was fantastic and we were warmly welcomed with cocktails. This is a great way to get your holiday off to a good start. This is our second time here and we … 44. Comment: We have just returned from 2 weeks at a truly amazing resort. We were thoroughly spoiled from arrival to departure. Luxury reception with snacks and champagne and explanation by Marina. We were in a Lake Villa on the first floor. 2 … 45. Comment: We stayed with our family in a Lake Villa in July 2023 in the IC Residence section. Nice rooms with private pool with pool terrace and good cleaning every day and well-stocked minibar. Also a quiet swimming pool a little further from the Residence section. You can … 46. Yorum: This is the first place I stayed with my family and we were very satisfied with your hotel. |As someone who is obsessed with cleanliness, I couldn't find a single point to complain about. For this we would like to thank our friendly sister (I remember … 47. Comment: We have just returned with 2 families from this amazing resort and had a wonderful holiday with 8 people.|We were so spoiled for 10 days.|Nothing is too much trouble for the staff, everyone is so nice and helpful.|From … 48. Comment: The hotel we have visited many times and leave happier every time we go... The entire hotel is surrounded by greenery. Every detail has been considered to make you feel comfortable and happy. The restaurant, which was renewed this year, is right … 49. Comment: IC residence is a hotel we have preferred as a family for around ten years. Here we feel comfort, quality and peace at the same time. Each time we come, we find it more developed and renewed than the last. It is impossible not to notice ... 50. Review: great hotel! There are 10 of us. delicious, cozy, clean, beautiful and most importantly, helpful and polite staff. The kids didn't have enough of the amusement park, but I hope this will work out. and also very reasonable prices in stores. At first I was nervous about the prices, but I was pleasantly surprised. thank you very much, rest 10+ 51. Yorum: I was there for the second time in October. I want to say right away - I have no regrets!! I rarely return to hotels (in Turkey I have only been to IC Residence twice, Rixos Belek and Maxx Royal Belek). a hotel for those who come for a comfortable and relaxing holiday (although the shows on the territory of IC Green, which you can use for free, are very decent, certainly better than Rixos Belek, and the water park is amazing), for whom service is more important than red caviar (although the food here is also very tasty, but without oysters and caviar, of course). everything is very homely, comfortable and as friendly as possible. not without its faults (but who doesn't have them) but to the hotel's credit it was not only immediately recognized but actually rectified! this immediately shows the level - not to sign off and forget, but to do everything to the maximum so that additional guests receive only positive emotions. excellent spa, massages are not 100 but 95 for sure)). cleanest and most spacious beach! delicious fruits. The service to order food to your room is very convenient (especially in the morning, when the parents are sleeping and the children want breakfast) and free))! Cleaning is always done efficiently and at an appropriate time. overall - a rare combination of a beach and a boutique hotel. special thanks to Marina and Natalya from Gastrelation for their constant care for every guest!! you are both the face and the soul of the hotel, which largely determines its exceptionally warm atmosphere! 52. Yorum: IC Recidence staff, especially Chef Şirîn and his team, Huriye, Hüseyin, Sevgi, Bartender Deniz, Sıla, Yıldıray, gave us a very nice holiday, always with a smiling face and never a moment of disrespect, which we would like to thank for you. Vi … 53. Comment: A 5-star hotel with incomparable style and fantastic infrastructure!||If you are looking for the ultimate feel-good atmosphere and relaxation factor, you are in good hands at IC Residence.||The concept of having your own autonomous area of ​​… 54. Comment: We come for 5. time, and every time we come we get the same warm welcome and very high quality service. The general facility of the hotel is very clean and neat, the rooms are spacious and very comfortable. Especially the fact that … 55. Comment: Our third time at IC Residence and a third fantastic holiday! What a wonderful place to do with children. The 2 bedroom rooms were perfect with direct access to the pool. New towels every day and replenishment of the minibar. Very special thanks to the team for the extra Pringles for our chip eating monster kids and also for the daily towel made figures on their bed. They loved it! We had breakfast and dinner at the recently renovated restaurant Mavi (Spybag). Very peaceful and with live background music. Perfect. We had lunch at the beach restaurant. Also very peaceful and good food. Our youngest boy is not the best eater and always chooses the chicken nuggets and fries that were not on the menu. NO problem for the staff, 5 minutes later they delivered chicken nuggets from the main restaurant. What a service! The kids loved the facilities at IC Green Palace next to IC Residence! Mini disco every night! The amusement park, sand drawings on the playground and the indoor playground were also a success. The many water slides and the children's pool there were also perfect, and every day it was a struggle in the late afternoon to go home for a shower ;-) Last but not least. The included private airport transfer was the extra to make the holiday a truly perfect holiday. A small point for improvement. In 2022 we were welcomed outside by the pool when we arrived with champagne and cocktails. This year it was inside despite the good weather outside. You always have to do it outside with such a beautiful view! We will be back in October 2023! Family Vandeperre - Meulemans Rom 5002 11.-18.05.2023 56. Comment: IC Residence is one of the best resorts we have been to. It is super lush and beautifully maintained. What stands out the most is the service, they go above and beyond to make your stay there a wonderful experience. The ones we remember best are the restaurant and beach guys Merve and Nihat, whose warm approach makes guests feel very welcome. Ercan, Yusuf and Metin are also great. Overall, the resort makes for a positive and memorable experience, with every member of staff being very nice and super helpful. We are definitely looking forward to going back there again. 57. Comment: We have never experienced better service and top class luxury. The staff is very friendly and attentive to us as guests. There is a large selection of delicious food and drink for both children and adults. The waiting staff in the restaurant are … 58. Comment: The service was generally very professional, but there were a few staff members who were overwhelmed. The grounds of the villas are very beautiful and relaxing. The electrical installation in the rooms must be improved (no separate circuit for the reading lamp). The food is absolutely delicious and tastes completely fresh. No comparison with the usual German restaurants, where flavor enhancers are always used. I will come back again just for the food. The location, like most resorts nearby, is a bit out of the way and the streets around it are not suitable for leisurely strolls. 59. Comment: Just back from a family vacation and felt the need to write a review. We were a group of 18 split between the accommodation and the hotel, but this review will focus on the accommodation. We stayed in the 4 bedroom villa, the villa itself was a good size to accommodate but please note that one of the bedrooms does not have a private bathroom and it is not a shared bathroom so if you are traveling as a group some will not have a bathroom to use. Also, one of the bedrooms was infested with ants, it took 3 or 4 calls to get this fixed but it was finally done within the first 48 hours and we saw no more ants roaming around the rest of the trip. The restaurant in the residence is excellent, and apart from the main restaurant in the hotel, the service is excellent and the variety of food is great. I would like to give a special mention to "Merva" (not sure if that is how it is spelled) but she went the extra mile throughout our holiday to ensure we had a pleasant experience in the restaurant. Please note that only 2 of all the pools in the whole resort are heated (water park and indoor pool), I'm sure this is not a problem in summer but in April all the other pools were far too cold and were such a shame to have a pool villa with a pool that was too cold to use. The property has access to a private beach bar that serves food and drink, we made good use of this facility and the service was excellent here. My biggest comp, and the one I wish the hotel takes very seriously, is the reservations team. I spent over 3 hours over 3 days trying to book the property over the phone, the prices quoted by the reservation teams were sometimes 3 times the advertised price on the IC website, every time we called a different price was quoted, and staff were extremely unhelpful and rude. At one point they requested that I send a screenshot of the prices quoted and we were promised a call back for confirmation which never happened. Furthermore, the staff were ignorant of the property and could not tell us if the property had access to the hotel facilities and what was included. I hope IC hotels can really tighten up their reservation team, they are damaging the reputation of the hotel and made the booking process extremely difficult. Finally we made the order online through the website, but it was unable to accommodate any of our specific requirements. But once at the hotel the staff were much friendlier, the innkeeper was much more accommodating, welcomed us with flowers on arrival and was able to accommodate our specific needs, so I would like to extend a special thank you and appreciation to her (I forget her name but she was Russian and wore a pink suit) Nevertheless, we had a great stay, would definitely recommend the hotel and no doubt these small issues will be rectified eventually. 60. Yorum: For the first time in my life, a holiday was calm, quiet and peaceful. It has a very large area and the number of guests in that area is very small. You feel as if it is a special service for you. The food at the Spy bag restaurant was great. You can easily find all kinds of food. We stayed in the Lake Deluxe room type, everything in the room is sufficient to meet all your needs, but the design of the room could be a little better Although it has been recently restored, it makes you feel like you are staying in an old place. We could not use the lake pool much, probably because no one used it, because it smelled a bit, but the communal pool of the residence was very nice among the flowers. The beach is a bit far away, if you wish, you can call a buggy and go. We preferred to walk. The beach is mixed with pebbles and sand, the sea is shallow, the edges are pebbles, but the inside of the sea is pure sand and it is very beautiful. Since there are not many guests, there is no one around, it is like a private beach for you. Quality drinks are served at the bar, but I found the selection of cocktails to be a bit limited. Unfortunately, a bartender or waiter I came across at the beach bar (I saw him later while serving food) couldn't make me one of them. the types of cocktails that every bartender knows. I was hoping a place like this would hire more competent bartenders. All was well and good in the bar in Spy bag. We went on this holiday with some anxiety due to the pandemic, we literally forgot about the pandemic for 5 days, it was such a comfortable environment. I would recommend it to everyone. 61. Comment: This is the 15th. time we get here. Location, service, rooms, excellent food, buffet and menu optimal. A PLEASURE. IC RESIDENCE IS SEPARATE FROM ic Green Lakevilla, Beach Villa for 4 people, Bali Deluxe Villa for 5 people. 62. Comment: An excellent hotel for a relaxing holiday. We stayed in Lake Villa - the interior of the rooms is nice, stylish, panoramic windows are of very good quality, absorb sound. Excellent room cleaning - without any extra requests, the girls noticed our schedule and cleaned exactly in the time interval we needed, very carefully. The beach is sandy, wide, with a gradual increase in depth, the water is clean, fish swim, the beach is constantly cleaned. I would like to note the excellent work of the staff of the seaside bar Omer - super professional, always with a smile even in the hellish heat, Alena, Tamila, chef Mehmet and colleagues - provide the highest level of service, thank you very much! Main restaurant: high-quality work of chefs and waiters, live music, discreet, stylish interior, beautiful chandeliers create an excellent atmosphere. Serving restaurant-style plates, high-quality cutlery in individual packaging - everything is well thought out and hygienic. There is also a buffet on the menu - a good way to diversify the menu during a longer stay, in the summer we stay for at least 2 weeks and even the best menu manages to get boring, and the buffet brings quality variety, dishes mainly from Turkish and European cuisine . If any additional needs/questions arise, Guest Relations will come to your aid, you can contact Natalya, Marina, Ezgi - they will advise you and immediately help. Having traveled a lot to hotels, I can confidently assure that these are the best specialists in their field. Total on an area of ​​70,000 square meters. there are 43 villas - even in the high season the territory is not crowded, the right level of silence is ensured, it is great that the animation is located on the territory of IC Green Palace, if you need activities, everything is there, and the Residence is quiet and calm. The territory is very beautiful, incredibly green - there is constant watering, landscape architects work, you are in an arboretum with aromas of pine needles and flowers. I recommend it to those who are tired of the noise of the big city and want greenery, sea and silence 63. Comment: IC residence positions itself as a hotel with a relax concept. The service in the hotel is excellent, there are not many people and the waiters are very attentive. The area is beautiful, green and large enough for walking. The cabanas on the beach are very cozy and big, there is a cafe and bar nearby. On arrival we were greeted very well, the room was very nice, with a beautiful view, this is a beach villa room category. Cleaning is good, laundry, room service included. What is worth paying attention to is that the amphitheater of neighboring ic green is very close, the walls shake and vibrate very loudly in the room. The show ends at 22:30, after the show there is a disco until one in the morning, which can also be heard. I do not recommend choosing a beach villa room category for families with children and those who like to go to bed early 64. Comment: We stayed at the complex with two families (four adults and four small children) for eight days. We became aware of this hotel complex due to the above average positive reviews here on Google and other providers. Unfortunately, our holiday requirements for an exclusive all-inclusive hotel were not confirmed. Our travel agent was to book 2 villas with a private shuttle from the airport and all the bells and whistles (cabanas, all inclusive plus, etc.). In addition, it was our express wish that our families (because of the small children) get these villas right next to each other. Unfortunately, none of this happened. The "Villa Poolsite" category is apartments with two bedrooms and a small living room right next to the communal pool. So not an independent villa, as one would expect from the definition. In addition, our families were separated. Our family traveling with us had a beautiful view over a staircase and also no direct access to the pool. Things were "a little" better for us. ;) The rooms are old-fashioned and simply furnished. Our bathtub was broken, the faucet on the sink was not properly installed, and the veneer on the facilities was chipped in many places. Cleanliness also leaves a lot to be desired (at least in the bathrooms). For a hotel in this category and for this price, an absolute "no go". Our complaints, which we sent to the reception on the first day, were not dealt with. We should contact our tour operator. At least on the fourth day of the holiday we managed to get at least the family we were traveling with to get a slightly better room (not a villa) with direct access to the pool. The hotel management was not prepared to make further offers due to the inconvenience this entailed. Men….. The staff (the service at the hotel bars or restaurants) were all very polite and attentive. The food was varied and also good. At IC Residenz you always have the choice between buffet or à la carte. The concept fits. The drinks were mixed with proper and original ingredients. The grounds are beautiful and are cared for daily by gardeners. The beach part is separate from the Green Palace and is always clean. The chefs and waiters do a good job. A big thank you for that. We would like to recommend the facility. However, due to the simple and partially defective room decor and the denial of service from the reception/hotel management, we do not want to do this. It's actually a shame because the facility has a lot of potential. 65. Comment: Fantastic service, sumptuous dining experiences.. Everything was fantastic. The food in particular is in a class of its own. Have visited many hotels in Turkey but nothing beats this hotel. I can warmly recommend the housing section. It is worth all the money. 66. Comment: A mixed experience - nice territory in general with a lot of greenery, the service is sometimes sloppy or difficult with poor English. many pools, but they all have the same depth and shape. the food is average, the coffee is terrible - there is not a real espresso machine in the entire resort, they use automated small gas station style coffee machines. evening entertainment is nice and the water park for children is nice. no draft beer anywhere 67. Comment: Full marks, the name *Residence* lives up to it, because we felt *especially* in good hands from day one to the end. ||Good welcome and service from Mrs. Ezgi Kuru, who really had a solution for everything, and thanks to her service, was … 68. Comment: Alt var perfect. The staff is very friendly and fulfills all wishes without much demand. The private villa is a great retreat and very quiet. The hotel complex is great for couples without children or for a holiday with friends. It is … 69. Comment: A very pleasant and quiet luxury hotel. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. You never had the impression of not being welcome. Unfortunately, we have had different experiences in 5-star hotels. We would like to highlight in particular... 70. Comment: Excellent hotel, beautiful swimming pools, possibility to use the infrastructure of the neighboring hotel (Green Palace). The staff is very friendly, we even kept in touch with a waiter. You can check out late (for dinner, and we got to and … 71. Comment: We checked out of the hotel today and had a great holiday. We express our gratitude and love to all employees for their interest. The food is very delicious. The service provided was very good, from room cleaning to beach services. Thank you so much again for the gestures you made for my daughter's birthday. I hope we will be with you next year as well. 72. Comment: Simply great, I could not complain at any point, the food was very tasty, the luxury rooms were very clean and had a very good smell. The pools and sea were very clean and refreshing. There were several ways to have a lot of fun by the lake with jet skis or even jet boats. I liked all the staff the best because they were so friendly, funny and nice. Overall, the stay at the hotel was just great. Definitely again next year 73. Comment: Unfortunately, the holiday is over. In 17 years of annual trips to Turkey during the May holidays, this was the best holiday. This hotel takes maximum precautions in the realities of our time. I have no complaints about anything or anyone. I see no point in listing all the points about excellent service and food. It is better, with great joy, to praise certain persons. Ismail Caglar the managing director is the most attentive person to his guests. The entire staff at the residence restaurant with humor, attentiveness, fast service and delicious food. Shirin is always in good spirits and leads the staff unnoticed by us, Alena, Shabin, Nikhat, Merve, Kutra, Engin, Erkan, Hasan - you are the best. And the harp playing from beautiful Zoe at breakfast sets the mood for the whole day! Thank you very much! We will definitely be back! 74. Comment: We again enjoyed our week's stay. We have been there for 6. time now and it only seems to get better.|Beautiful swimming pools and no need for a towel.|Great food and amazing staff!|See you next time!!|| 75. Comment: We have been at IC Residence for 11 days now and had concerns about arriving due to Corona. Our conclusion in advance. We are completely satisfied at IC Residence. This particularly affects the staff. Whether it's the reception, the service in the restaurant, the bar. Everything is perfect. The residence (Lake Villa Poolside with direct access to the pool on the top floor) creates total Corona safety and you still have social contacts. The rooms are large and could be a little more luxurious. The plastic chairs on the terrace and the rather cheap furniture in the room didn't exactly meet our expectations. The shower and bathroom are not perfect either. It must be said that we are also very used to it here. Anyone who sees our reviews as a whole can easily see why. But everything is very clean and practically furnished. After a short time we were very happy with our rooms. The rooms are perfectly furnished for families. If you want something even more luxurious, you can book a villa. We would choose our Lake Villa again just because of the social connections. But we quickly forgot that because otherwise everything is almost perfect. Our villa (number 5035) has a great location for the pool and the sun. The pool is not heated, but we can swim very well in it. The sunbeds and towels are great. The parasols are also of high quality. By the way, IC Residence is very spacious. We almost always have the large pool at Spy-Bag Restaurant to ourselves. Good cocktails, soft drinks, tea, coffee, juice, nuts and snacks are served. Sometimes they know our wishes and serve us without us ordering. Our restaurant, the Spy Bag, has great food. Waiters and waitresses remember what you like best and act accordingly. All very loving. The same applies to the luxurious beach bar. Great sunbeds and great bar with good service. The parasols have just been replaced. Everyone who books IC Residence also has private transport from the airport included. Also Corona-proof. Now a few words about the sister hotel IC Green Palace. This hotel is directly connected to IC Residence. We are allowed to go there, but not the other way around. It's also great because there's a lot going on in IC Green Palace and it's great to see and have a change. We did not visit Sofra Restaurant because it was too full for us at times. But that's just our cautious opinion. The food looks very varied and tasty from a distance. The ice cream is available right at the beginning of Sofra and it is absolutely delicious. We have already visited the Italian restaurant in the 5th. floor of the IC Green Palace twice. The fish and the chocolate cake with ice cream are to die for. The view is also great. It is a shame that the internal Haman and wellness area is currently under renovation. We would love to visit this while adhering to the Corona rules. The option of visiting the wellness area in IC Green Palace is not an option for us. The crowd at IC Residence is also nice. All very nice young couples, some with small children. Doesn't sound like peace at first. But it is very relaxed and quiet. There are great pools for children at IC Green Palace. We are staying at IC Residence for another 6 days and I will report separately on the Mexican and Turkish restaurants. The Corona numbers in Turkey are currently (22. April 2021) very high, but that should not deter you from coming to IC Residence. Our flight from Cologne to Antalya was also very empty. We have also included pictures of the restaurants and the hotel. We feel very safe here and are well taken care of. PCR tests are offered directly at the hotel for the return journey and cost 30 euros per person. 76. Comment: We have just spent a week as a family (4 people) from 03/04 to 10/04. Surprise: we are met at the exit of the airport by a driver who takes us to the residences in a private shuttle bus (van type limousine). Upon arrival, it will be … 77. Comment: We spent two wonderful weeks in July in this establishment with incredible service... arrived at the airport a nice driver was waiting for us with a name plate, this was immediately reassuring and the means of transport was very comfortable with … 78. Comment: A very pleasant hotel complex with first class service. The staff very nice and welcoming. If requested, a special dish was even prepared. The Corona rules are unique. ||It was a nice holiday. We will definitely spend our holidays there again. A clear recommendation. ||Thank you for the lovely holiday. 79. Comment: Lovely apartment with lovely (private) swimming pool and good food!! Really appreciate it!! Everything very clean! Compliments to Melek! Every day she came to make everything nice and clean. What a sweet, friendly, hard working woman!! Petra (5013) 80. Yorum: One of the best places I stayed during my travels, I recommend it for families. In July it is high season and the hotel seems to be booked early from Russia; as initially I wanted a villa with a private pool, but all were booked. Anyway, the lake villa I stayed at was very nice. Staying at the Residence gives you the privilege of using all the facilities of IC Green Palace. Residence Beach is a relaxing place with lower crowds and finer services. All the staff are so friendly and they really serve you with a genuine smile and eagerness to please (I know some other hotels where the staff help with tips but this is not like this) Great points: * Great view for photography including a forest with flowers. * Large water park. *Pleasant children's club activities and entertainment facilities. *Selection of theater performances every evening. *The Residence main restaurant offers a very elegant food presentation, with a la carte menu service within the all-inclusive service. * The swimming pool in front of the Residence reception is very relaxing and quiet. *Extra care was given when my son got a little sick. *Many activities to cover a whole week. *Many thanks to Ms. Natalie and Mr. Ferhat from guest relations for comprehensive follow-up of requests. *Room service offers a good variety 24 hours a day. Areas of development: *The villa was missing some room items that are usually there at this level of accommodation and we had to ask for them, like cotton buds, toothbrush. *Since the beach is far from the lakeside villas, several carts are needed to transfer guests. *Insecticide must be sprayed more often, as there are many mosquitoes near trees. *Power outlet has only 2 pins which does not work with many chargers. 81. Comment: On arrival at the property we are welcomed with champagne and then go to the villa by the lake, fantastic, nothing is missing: 2 beautiful bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 living room, mini bar with alcohol mini bar, coffee and tea, bathrobe and slippers,. . and … 82. Comment: The description of IC Residence is not very detailed; I'll take care of it.||Nice welcome, very friendly staff, always cracking jokes. Many leisure activities, access to the "features" of IC Green Palace (see the article on … 83. Comment: We have already seen several hotels in Turkey, but none could compete with this one. On the very first day I knew: "Oh no, I only booked seven days, why didn't I take two weeks The resort is very big and beautiful, we couldn't see and use everything the resort has to offer?" one week offered. The food in the separate restaurant area of ​​the residence was fantastic, a la carte in the morning to lunch in the evening, the service was excellent, hygiene and security measures were excellent. I have booked massages at the Green Palace; it's the same staff, but you immediately pay €20 less, for whatever reason. I paid a bit more than I'm used to (personally I couldn't manage less than €45/h), but the massages are also the best so far, compared to other hotels (tip: Ayu). We were 4 adults and a child and had a beautiful apartment complex with access to the pool. The season was almost over, so the hotel was tidy and relatively empty; There is a large area for children to play, and even care for the smallest children up to three years old. Here too, we couldn't participate in everything and see what was there. The facility is very large and spacious; There were many Russian guests, but the staff consistently spoke good English. Saturday to the bazaar was a bit difficult until we found out that we only needed bus 6 (approx. 30 minute drive); the taxis were a bit outrageous; Bus costs €2; Taxi wanted €30 one way; We were able to get one for €20. Overall: first time I want to return to the same hotel, preferably immediately. P. S.: Room service with selected dishes is actually included! We used it once in the evening and breakfast; Wow. We just ignored the extra a la carte restaurants because our roommate advised us against it and our restaurant was so great ;-) 84. Yorum: Actually, I shouldn't write a review because it would have to be so good that the hotel would be overrun ;-). Now this facility is unrivaled in the Turkish Mediterranean. The food was good, both from the buffet (small but high quality) and ala carte. The staff is great, always a smile, always a solution to questions. Great... we will definitely come back if the price is right!!! 85. Yorum: In my opinion, IC Residence Hotel is the best hotel in Turkey that my family, friends and I stayed at. Above all, the staff and the cleanliness of the villas and the whole complex are perfect. Even private transportation to the airport and hotel is included. Everything was perfect, hence 100 percent recommendation. I will definitely visit this hotel again. 86. Comment: We stayed at the Residence with our 15-year-old twins during the Easter holidays. What can I say: it was great. The staff were very attentive, friendly, not to mention warm. We have been to many hotels, but without having to tip all the time, the staff were fantastic. Whether it's a restaurant or a pool, there's always an attentive gem present. The food in the à la carte restaurant was sometimes a bit dryly spiced, but everyone can add their own spice. However, what was striking was that EVERY employee always wore the correct, by that I mean very well fitting trousers, shirt, waistcoat and no worn out shoes. This is actually more than positive. Unfortunately the beach was still under construction which was a shame. But when this is done, almost the whole package is complete. However, there are minor points of criticism. The room layout is quite good in the Lake Villas, but the wardrobe layout in the so-called children's room is terribly poorly arranged. No storage space just a clothes rail. If you are traveling with two teenagers, it will be stressful without storage space. No storage space in the bathroom either. If these problems were improved, the home would be almost perfect. We will definitely be back. 87. Comment: As someone who was looking for a summer vacation with my little family, I have to say that IC Hotels Residence did not disappoint! This was our first time in Antalya and we were looking for a resort with a mix between fun for the kids and relaxation for the adults and I'm glad to know we made the right choice! We stayed in the quiet and peaceful Lake Villa (Duplex), which had access to a shared pool with 2 bedrooms and a living room. The villa was spacious and kept to a good standard daily and the pool was perfect for us for a morning swim. As a guest at the Residence we also had access to the IC Green Palace and this was great for us as it allowed the kids to enjoy all the facilities such as the water park, beach, snack bars as well as kids clubs and evening theater performances (which by the way is hugely underrated!) . Ice cream and cold/hot drinks are never too far away as everything is available within easy reach. If you're fine with noise late into the night and crowds during the day, IC Green Palace is still a very good option. If you are looking for a relaxing stay, away from all the noise and a more refined and sophisticated experience, I would suggest spending the extra to stay at the Residence. The benefits of the residence include things like access to the wonderful Mavi restaurant (large selection of food with a more refined elegance) and 24-hour bar, plunge pool, relaxation sauna and hammam area as well as a carriage on duty which has never been available. sent! The staff are also very friendly and attentive and the service is so seamless at times you don't even notice. You are really well looked after and considering we had loud young children we were not once made to feel uncomfortable as they were very friendly and considerate of them too. A big thank you to everyone at IC Residence in Antalya, the reception staff especially Mehmet, the staff at Mavi who always went the extra mile for us and Imran from the Snack Bar during lunch, you were amazing! Not to forget Bahar from Kuntus Taxi... You were all amazing and made our stay exceptional! I honestly can't thank you enough and I look forward to visiting again sometime in the future! 88. Comment: The hotel and the entire staff at IC Hotels Residence are beyond excellent! The facility is extremely beautiful and clean. You are carried on everyone's hands. The friendliness and courtesy of all staff is indescribable. I would like to highlight the following staff: Abdurahma (I think he was there for all the guests) Ömer (was always at the bar in the evening) Ufuk (always fresh cocktails at the beach bar every day) Mehmet (had control over everything in the beach area) Mustafa and Abdurahman were super friendly every night for dinner! Every wish will be fulfilled. All staff throughout the complex are always very friendly and accommodating. When it comes to luxury, it's second to none...! We were able to rebook from our LakeVilla to Balli Villa on the spot...! We will visit the hotel every year from now on! See you next year and lots of love Murat Yilmaz 89. Comment: We are back from a perfect week at this hotel. We booked 6 nights at the residence, as soon as we arrived we were upgraded to a perfect villa with a private pool. The attitude of all the staff is excellent, the food is excellent and the atmosphere is great. There is always something to do with children, many activities, performances and competitions. The only downside is that the pools are cold in September and not one pool is heated. 90. Comment: Above all praise. Holiday winter 2021. 04.01 - 12. 01 Huge green area. Ultra All Inclusive meal type. Lots of imported drinks are included (you rarely see that in summer, but here in winter) Variety in food (always a selection of meat, fish, etc.) Children's menu and table incl. jars. Ice cream. Refillable minibar. Heated pool + for children. Polite staff. Regarding! 91. Comment: Good service, very polite staff. All wishes will be taken care of! Very nice, spacious facility, very well maintained. Everything is clean, there is constant cleaning! The shows have gone down a bit, two years ago they were a bit better. But unlike some local hotels, these are still bomb. Any special requests regarding food will definitely be catered for. You can wish for almost anything and it will be fulfilled instantly. Highly recommended!!!!! 92. Comment: A very good family stay. Impeccable service, very clean room. Very smiling staff and always attentive to our needs. Excellent food, varied and for every taste. Very stylish hammam. A big thank you to the whole team and especially: Yasar, Serdar and Tamila. We will be back next year. 93. Yorum: For me the best hotel I could stay in Türkiye! Everything is there to make you feel good :-) caring waiters, modern infrastructure, restaurants, swimming pool, everything is fantastic. The private swimming pool of the residences is amazing as well as the private beach ❤️❤️❤️ I will come back next year with pleasure.. If I may just say, add a waiter to the beach restaurant because the 2 waitresses are a bit overwhelmed… and I also think that the age of the children (over 10) for the slides is a bit exaggerated if they are accompanied by their parents because I want you to count on safety, but it has to be everywhere… because there is no lifeguard at the swimming pool in the residence.. Looking forward to next year 94. Comment: Great place. Relaxing, great facilities, amazing food, amazing staff. Nothing is too much trouble. The manager, Ismail, is always there and makes sure that everything is perfect and that all guests are happy and have everything they could need. This is our fifth time and we will definitely be back! The Fendi villa we live in is pure luxury with 3 double bedrooms, living room, diving room, kitchen and tap, all wrapped around our own completely private pool and garden. It's lovely to have A la Carte, specialty and buffet service for all meals, so with a huge selection of delicious food and wonderfully designed facilities, we'll never tire of all there is to enjoy here! 95. Comment: We stayed in the villa by the lake for 6 nights. In a word, everything was perfect. My 4 year old daughter had a lot of fun. We had to go everywhere with a buggy because of the child and it was a good idea to have this service. Other than that the staff were friendly and helpful. They never refuse your requests. It is unlikely that you will hear the word no at this hotel. 96. Comment: The most important thing first: "an all-round perfect holiday"||||The service, the staff, the a la carte food, the facility, the booth, etc... in short everything was great from day 1 to 15 us, a family of 5, brilliant.||||We were so excited about IC Hotel and have also booked for 2022.||||Thanks again for the great days. ||||See you soon... 97. Comment: The place is beautiful, the sea is nearby, close to the airport, high quality service. But the number of rooms is old, it seems that since the construction of the residences there has never been any renovation in them, if only cosmetic, the rooms are dirty and dusty. A wisp of dust hangs from the hood, the air conditioner is clogged, and the room smells strongly of humidity after it's turned on. There was poor cleaning before our arrival, the walls of the bathroom were dirty and the floors were sticky. One shift at the reception agreed to check out at 15:00, the shift the next day knew nothing about this and checked out at 12, which is not good. The left hand doesn't seem to know about the right hand. 98. Comment: Great service, great facility. All staff are very polite and hard working. Special thanks to Omer at the bar and to Nihat at Mavi Restaurant. 99. Yorum: Firstly, I have traveled all over Turkey, but never to Antalya. I arrived late at night after a strenuous trip. The hotel looked impressive from the outside. This was soon ruined by the most unfriendly extremely rude grumpy receptionist, he delighted in being as unhelpful as he could. All the while complaining his colleague (yes I understand Turkish) Oops. He then went away to chat with the Russian guests (they seem to take care of the Russians) and left me to wait for ? Great start. I gave up and slept for 16 hours on the couch!! later I finally got a room. Oh, he came over once and said if I pay him - well, a BRIBE!! so he finds a room for me?? But I have an order I told him. The lobby is large but looks very dated and tired, with a small reception, a 24 hour bar, lots of worn out furniture. overlooking the gardens and pools. The rooms well the one I got were on the first floor. The two beds had one sheet and one pillow each and a cotton throw. There was air conditioning. The fridge was filled with two bottles of water. Tea making facilities with one mug with tiles and a leaking kettle, making it impossible to make tea. Dirty net curtains covering the patio door. Patio outside with two worn chairs and table covers in paint. The bathroom tired worn out dirty in the corners toilet roll holder the cover was soo dirty it was safer to leave the roll on the floor. Two towels each, but like sandpaper to use. Room service ok and daily, the room is made up and towels changed. I can't say about the upper rooms, but obversation the balconies are very small - one chair one person's full... The restaurant is adequate but the food is hetic and the selection plentiful. But get your own drinks, it's faster. The staff tries to do a good job and generally does. There are several different rates for eating at on-site restaurants, some inside the main dining area, some outside. The 7 pools in the complex are well looked after. You just have to be adults, but forget it. There are many sunbeds. The beach is a short walk through the property and we will serve with sunbeds. The sand is course-type and full of rocks near the water's edge, so bring shoes. Some free animations but not too pushy by the staff. There are some water sports, but a bit expensive. The hotel is marketed as High End Ultra All Inclusive (their phrase). Dream on. This is easy to clean up in No it is not!! maybe a wanna be but management needs to come to an understanding (stamp out the blatant bribery from front desk) or go get people who care about the people spending their hard earned money on vacation instead of using them as cash cows. Without drastic retraining, IC Green Palace lives up to the expression they dream of. I would never use again even if I was offered a free holiday. 100. Yorum: IC Hotels Residence, Lara Beach. Private transfer provided by the hotel waiting to pick us up from Antalya airport. Through the airport relatively quick and short journey from the airport to IC Hotels Residence (15-20 min). Champagne, cocktails, wine, fresh fruit and snacks on arrival. Quick form to fill out and take to the villa. Bali Deluxe Villa, two bedrooms, spacious with private pool (approx. 5 x 4 m). This booking also gets a cabana on the beach which would otherwise cost 30 euros per day. A five minute walk to the beach with a path through a very pleasant undeveloped area with trees and grass. IC Hotels Residence has its own section of the beach. Eat in Spy Bag restaurant, food and service very good with choice of a la carte or buffet, breakfast, lunch and dinner. Make sure you try some of the a la carte menu, very good! The spa has a sauna and Turkish bath and offers massages. You can use all the facilities in the Green Palace, but that would be another review. Sometimes we went to the Burger diner which was a short walk from the beach in the Green Palace section. It was very busy but the food was good. Any minor issues were very sorted and all the staff are very welcoming and efficient and everywhere is kept tidy and very clean. I have no problem recommending IC Hotel Residence for a holiday. 101. Comment: Great resort for children and parents with a water park dedicated to all ages from 3 months to 16 years. Private beach and pool dedicated to 16+ for quiet surroundings. Bedroom minibar, 5 great buffet and à la carte restaurants and pool bar all included. 102. Comment: I have had a holiday in many hotels, but after the holiday here I realized that the others were just commercial establishments. and positive, and then the buggy driver, Mustafa Bey, who took us to our room, was very energetic and attentive to our questions about the hotel. His answer was very good and I would like to express my regards and thanks to Mr. Musa from here He was visible at every meal, at the bar, in short, at every moment, a person can only own a place where he has worked so much :) Also, the chef at the beach area is very nice. Positivity of hotel staff makes people feel good. The hotel's food, rooms, nature, beach, in short, everything is clean and of high quality. Thank you to the IC Hotel Residence 103 family. Comment: A trip to relax and eat well. Food and drink 24 hours a day. ||I stayed in a room facing the pool, with an exclusive terrace, highly recommended! :)||With a beach in front of the hotel, with kiosks with thatched roofs. With … 104. Comment: We loved it, the magnificent mature garden, the exquisite meals with the option to eat Turkish, Mexican and Chinese specialties in wonderful locations. Quiet hotel.||We liked the strictness of the dress code in the evening service.||A little … 105. Comment: The interest is nice, special. cleaning from security personnel. how much, Rezd. The restaurant menu is fixed, but the restaurant staff are amazing... In order not to eat the same things for a week, we went to Ic green next door, the à la carte restaurant. lar, especially fish remains. forbidden, 5 stars for the friendliness of the staff and I will go again... let's see if I get the same menu for a week... 106. Comment: We had high expectations for the hotel. All were acquitted. Fantastic environment, with lots of greenery. The rooms and service were of the highest standard without being stiff. The staff is knowledgeable and wonderful. The food was first class. 107. Comment: The honeymoon concept is weak and you are treated like a regular customer. The room decoration is made of only 2 towel hearts, you just need to get the beach towel from the hotel and go. The food is not bad, you won't go hungry. 108. Comment: Our stay was very pleasant, everyone was very careful and attentive during the pandemic. Thank you very much everyone. We would especially like to thank Mr. Ömer, who always served us with a smile with his cocktails at the beach bar. 109. Yorum: Great hotel, great staff, the kids flew away |. the staff at the mini club, a fantastic staff, lots of activities | the children enjoyed being a stepmother (: | good and polite service | the children's areas are very clean and pleasant | great water park for both adults and children |. here we will return next year |... 110. Comment: Top, top, top luxury resort! We recommend! 111. Yorum: Hello, I have been coming to Ic Hotel Residence for about 10 years and every year the quality increases, I can personally say that Ic Residence is the hotel to feel relaxed 🤭 112. Comment: Residence is the "elite" format for IC Green Palaca. + Private airport transfer Villa-style buildings Very spacious and green area Spacious beach + good beach bar - Only one (a la carte) restaurant No entertainment A bit old 113. Yorum: The welcome was excellent, the staff were friendly, this hotel is definitely our only choice from now on. We would like to thank the waiter Musa, the driver Mustafa and the beach cook Nazmi. 114. Comment: have been to this hotel two years in a row. Had a wonderful time both times. Everything is included when you choose all inclusive. We stayed in a villa by the lake and it was very good. Two bedrooms and a small family room. You have access to a … 115. Comment: Flott hotell. The concept provides real relaxation. It is suitable for those families who need to breathe out the hectic life in the big cities and live in peace and quiet. 116. Yorum: This is the best luxury hotel in Antalya, the staff is so friendly, the service is the best, recommended! Simply WOW 117. Comment: Good service, especially at the spy behind the restaurant where all the staff are friendly. A big thank you to Musa and Abdurrahman for the extraordinary good service ||Treningssenteret, Gulen was a great help. ||||Excellent stay! Will definitely come again! 118. Comment: A fantastic hotel in every sense. Clean and quiet. The room is large and comfortable with a view of the green trees. 119. Comment: Best hotel I have ever been to. Been 4 times now and just ordered my fifth. No other hotel or staff can compare. 120. Comment: This is a fantastic resort. Nice staff, lovely environment, excellent accommodation and fantastically good food. When we went with friends, there were 6 of us in total. We stayed in the Lake Villa where we had a shared living room, so there are 4 bedrooms out of it. … 121. Comment: Very clean, well maintained hotel. Kindness comes first here. We highly recommend staying here in a Bali villa. The service is top notch! The spa area is also recommended. 122. Comment: We had the best stay with good service 😃😃😃||||The food is good, very child-friendly! ||Training is great with good assistance from Gulen 💪🏻💪🏻||||Many facilitators! ||||Will definitely come back to this hotel again! … 123. Comment: Thank you to all the staff at Hotel IC Residence. Thank you very much to everyone and see you soon on the 124th. Comment: Here you will be spoiled and get peace and quiet if you want. Fun and sports are also offered. Very hospitable! Great green area, very well maintained! 125. Comment: It was amazing with its horizontal layout in harmony with its magnificent scenery and yet its service without compromising on comfort and luxury. I recommend it for a peaceful, noise-free holiday surrounded by nature. 126. Comment: The food could be better, but the staff is outstanding 127. Comment: The hotel has a very well-thought-out concept and meets the requirements on all levels. Excellent service and excellent food! 128. Comment: We vacationed in October 2021. Attentive staff. Beautiful beach, clear sea. We will return with pleasure! 129. Comment: The hotel is nice, wonderful scenery, the food is not so good. Beds, pillows are not comfortable at all. The hotel is very clean Follow the instructions for COVID-19 Amazing staff 130. Comment: The villas and pool are fantastic 131. Yorum: a wonderful super hotel very close to Antalya airport, impeccable service, indoor pool, hammam, sauna, massages, I recommend it, given the proximity to the airport, one day before departure, endless buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner, wi-fi, 132. Comment: A great place to relax with your family, the atmosphere is elegant, suitable for a relaxing holiday, many beautiful places, high quality service, kind and friendly staff, I recommend it to everyone 👍 133. Comment: Who wants to relax comfortably, without noise and crowds, come here. Cleaning every day, fruit and wine are also served in the room. I would love to come again. 134. Comment: Very nice and nice. Nothing to comment. If you want relaxation, this is the place to go. The room was nice. The bed was rock hard. Always cleaned well. 135. Comment: It is an elite hotel of high quality.. it has quality staff.. the kitchen is excellent... it deserves 5 stars. 136. Comment: It is a pleasure to go directly to the pool from the room. I would like to thank the housing staff for welcoming me there with a smiling face. 137. Yorum: I think IC hotel's green palace is very nice where it has too many pools, big beach, good food and traditional Turkish food. 138. Comment: Excellent place, excellent attitude, high quality food, VIP service 139. Comment: Good food, I enjoyed it very much, standard fruit, good drinks, service was very enthusiastic and attentive. 🌴🐈 They are kind... 140. Yorum: It was a wonderful trip and I love ic hotel and the staff is too friendly especially Yasser, Hawa, Israel, lhami, Muraat and Elena... Forgive me if you forget the other employees 141. Comment: It's a great facility, I absolutely recommend it, you should definitely try it. 142. Comment: Varied food of good quality, friendly staff (especially the waiter 100 Aras), beautiful view, and much more..👍👍☺ … 143. Yorum: This is our second visit to the hotel, everything is very good, we have a very pleasant holiday. 144. Comment: Very nice all-inclusive resort, and great for family holidays! 145. Comment: Spectacles hotel staff very welcoming food very good I would recommend it I will come back 146. Comment: Very good hotel. The staff is very responsive and very friendly. 147. Comment: It doesn't deserve 5 stars because of bad food and service in the VIP section... 148. Comment: We have spent our holidays here for many years and are always thrilled! We recommend!!! 149. Yorum: Beautiful all inclusive resort and very nice staff in residence 150. Yorum: Luxury villa with private pool and minibar that is refilled more than daily! 151. Yorum: Quiet and green, one of the good places I visited in Antalya to relax and eat good food. 152. Comment: A beautiful place to relax and a luxurious atmosphere. 153. Comment: Service, picturesque surrounding areas, many swimming pools, Show, excellent fusion cuisine. 154. Comment: Fantastic 😇 👏🏼🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 155. Comment: Fantastic! Worth every penny! 156. Comment: The biggest asset of the hotel is very green and well maintained. 157. Yorum: Fantastic hotel fantastic staff fantastic food fantastic all the way 😀 … 158. Comment: Stayed at this hotel for the last two years, can't praise it enough to be back in the near future. 159. Comment: Suitable for a very luxurious and wonderful holiday 160. Comment: Beautiful hotels and apartments, very good food and cozy. 161. Comment: Great staff, good hotel, I recommend it. outside the bakery 162. Comment: It may be preferred because of the pools 163. Yorum: I really liked it, I will come again. 164. Comment: For the price. The hotel is great. 165. Comment: Uneven green wide and welcoming, highly recommended!! 166. Comment: Very nice facility 167. Comment: A very decent high quality service delivery...... 168. Comment: We were on holiday. And it was wonderful. 169. Comment: Beautiful garden... food ok... accommodation ok 170. Comment: Excellent food, service and accommodation 💙💙💙 … 171. Yorum: It is wonderful to be in the lap of nature 172. Comment: Bra hotell. Need better restaurants 173. Comment: Very good 174. Comment: Great place. Coming back 175. Comment: Had another dream week at this hotel 176. Comment: Not suitable for baby 177. Comment: Very decent, service quality is good 178. Comment: Nice quiet place 179. Comment: Exceptional service and beautiful hotel 180. Comment: Left super 181. Comment: Utmerket! 182. Comment: Great and nice villa 183. Comment: Perfect 184. Comment: Badigart 185. Comment: Best holiday ever 😋😋 ... 186. Comment: The food is very nice. 187. Comment: Utmerket. 188. Comment: Kul!!! 189. Comment: Topp 190. Comment: eventyrland 191. Comment: Bottom bra 192. Comment: Super 193. Comment: fint hotell