1. Comment: My husband, daughter and I arrived at the hotel very early due to a delayed flight. Very quick check in and advised we could get food or go to the bar at 3am! We got a lovely room which was spotless and had wonderful service… 2. Comment: The location of the hotel is good but the sea was always rough (August 2024) and unfortunately I lost my glasses unknowingly as I have never seen such waves before. The rooms were nice but we were in the farthest corner of the hotel and didn't come across anyone, I wondered if we were the only ones here as the hotel wasn't too crowded. We didn't ask to move to a closer location, but I think it would be nicer to think about such things in advance. The food in the hotel is very good, there are all kinds of food, the desserts in the main restaurant were excellent. The crepe at Hungry Gorilla was delicious. As for the food, there is generally a concept every night, it is generally harmonious, but sometimes they seem to be confused about the concept, at a Turkish cuisine dinner, when you see raw meatballs at the entrance and turn left, a huge salmon sashimi counter can be irrelevant and look carelessly. The skaters at the pool bar were very friendly, but other than that, although the employees are interested in Turkish customers, their attitudes are different from those of foreigners. When talking to them, they talk and chat more cheerfully and honestly. Although they always ask Turks if they need anything, they are very serious and short. Some people may prefer this, but it's very easy to spot a genuine smile. I can't understand the reason, but the people who worked in Barut Kemer, which has now been relocated, were very happy and some of them really respected the Barut family. I was very impressed when the waiter who works at our Turkish restaurant said that he had worked there for 10-15 years. And I was happy to see that all the employees were happy and enthusiastic while I was on vacation. This is where I realized that I was a little nervous about this cold attitude. Every request of yours is always answered with a 'glad', without exception, expressionless and cold attitude. I think they are trained for this word. The events were nice, but I think the live music should be increased. We came across Octoberfest on the last night, it was great, a group of 3-4 people came and got everyone's energy up. The clerk at the top of the water park was very honest and kind. In general, everything in the hotel is of high quality, nature is perfect. The food is good. The customers are mostly foreigners, so you don't encounter a lot of Turkish entertainment. Having enjoyed my stay at Voyage, I usually compare it to it, I think I got my money's worth overall, but I don't think I would come again. 3. Comment: This hotel has really good service, the top management has thought through everything in detail, the room facilities, sauna, hammam, billiards, jacuzzi, massage tables (although these tables are not very comfortable for me), the beds also leave a lot to be desired, but are... 4. Comment: An ideal hotel for a holiday with children. There are enough playgrounds. Every evening there is a mini disco for children. I was happy that it was not prepared just for foreign children. They made the children dance in several different languages, including Turkish. There were also events such as balloons and fairs. There were also dance and music performances for adults. You are never bored in the hotel. The hygiene was very good, everything was clean, the rooms were very spacious. We went at the beginning of October, the hotel was full, but the staff was enough. They always ask if you have any requests and are very friendly. There are open buffet and ala carte options, all very tasty. Even though we went at the beginning of October, the fact that the hotel was full was just a little tiring. We planned because it was usually empty on those dates. Even though we stayed in the bath room, we couldn't use that pool because it was too cold. We had to go to public pools. I think those who plan to go should choose warmer periods, especially if there are children. It may be necessary to use a drug similar to Sinkov. Due to its nature there is a small problem with mosquitoes. In conclusion, it is a hotel I will definitely consider going to again. It is impossible to leave and not be satisfied. Families with children can choose it without hesitation. the hotel also offers baby strollers, which is a big plus. 5. Comment: We have just returned from 7 nights at Lara Barut and I can honestly say that our expectations were exceeded. They have a fantastic team who are attentive, polite and friendly. Special shout out to the entertainment team, Peckan @Darts & Rifle shooting,… 6. Commentary: Trust the reviews. This has to be one of the best run hotels I have ever been to. It is located on a large site with beautifully maintained grounds. The staff are friendly but not in your face, very professional. |The food in the buffet is plentiful and... 7. Yorum: We were here for two weeks and we have to say it was great. |It started at the reception, they escorted us to the room and explained everything. ||The cleanliness is excellent, the room is cleaned every day. ||You can dream when choosing food, there is something for everyone. It's nice... 8. Yorum: It's a hotel I've stayed at before and regretted every time I stayed there, saying "I wish I'd stayed longer". As soon as you enter the hotel, the energy of the employees immediately touches your heart. After easily completing the application process, you go to your… 9. Comment: I couldn't fault this hotel, I stayed with 3 friends in the 2 bedroom villas which were beautiful with such amazing interior design. The choice of 2 pools was fantastic and ordering drinks and food as room service made the… 10. Comment: The hotel offers a luxurious ambience, excellent food, lots of space, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent, dedicated staff, one of the best wellness/spa centers with excellent massages. |We would like more German knowledge from the staff, especially on… 11. Yorum: What a wonderful hotel experience. Everyone in our group took excellent care of and looked after them, 5 adults and 5 children from 5 to 15 years old. The hotel and grounds are beautiful and extremely clean. The food is amazing, the seafood buffet night is… 12. Comment: Another great family vacation for our 10th. way to this hotel. All restaurants have fantastic food, drinks and service - however Secret Grill may not be worth €50 per person, despite the food being excellent. The range of drinks and cocktails in all the bars is fantastic and the bar staff are generally very happy and helpful. The entertainment team is great, especially Amigo who is always energetic and fun! One improvement I would say is that the music in the beach bar/nightclub is quite repetitive and not great for all guests, but overall we had the best holiday, as always! 13. Comment: A spacious facility that leaves nothing to be desired in terms of different room categories, as well as 9 a la carte restaurants and professionally designed sports facilities are what characterize this hotel. We always enjoy coming here and want to… 14. Comment: Hello First of all, I would like to give an objective comment that will please the guests who want to come. We stayed for 5 nights and 6 days, leaving on the 30th. August 2024 1. The rooms are very spacious and great attention is paid to their cleanliness. The hotel also gives you a nice beach bag, it was a really sweet surprise. 2. While the sea beach is neglected compared to the pool bars in many hotels, the beach and bar in this hotel, especially the sea side, we never used the pool. 3. The cleanliness of the sinks in the hotel and the cleanliness of the showers are very good. They clean many times during the day. 4. The employees are very happy to work in the hotel, so they enjoy taking care of you, and with their smiles and energy, they show absolutely outstanding performance. 5. Special thanks to some of the employees for making our vacation more enjoyable. First of all, there is the animation coach Funda who makes sports more fun for us, our waiter friend Joy who is always smiling at the beach bar and Furkan who pleases our taste with his special cocktails at the pool bar. Salih Bey, who takes care of you in restaurants. If you get a chance to come to the hotel, I hope you get a chance to meet these friends. 6. The entertainment is quite appropriate and very good. It's really surprising that it can be so peaceful and so much fun. 7. We chose this hotel because of its ala carte restaurant. We have never used the open buffet and it offers a wonderful service with its food and service. We especially recommend that you don't leave without eating at Kuiu, Sandal, Tirmis and Turunc restaurants. At the Italian restaurant Laura, you feel like a VIP when Chef Jeliz visits the tables one by one and asks if you are satisfied with the food and service. Don't forget to ask the waiters about our friend Vedat's presentation. Let's move on to the parts of the hotel that we think are problematic. 1. Turkish music is not included in the entertainment events. The satisfaction of foreign tourists is in the foreground. 2. It's a shame that employees can't use the hotel's beach on their days off. Bearing all this in mind, we can say that next year we will choose Barut Hotels again with pleasure, without hesitation. I hope the comments help those who are thinking. In my opinion, it is one of the few hotel chains that fully deserves its price. 15. Comment: Good day. I want to tell you about holidays on the bay. Villa, wonderful amazing vacation, very cool and thoughtful villa, much respect to the creators and owners! For a thoughtful villa design, it really has it all, absolutely. Sauna, hammam, billiards, equipment... 16. Comment: We chose the Lara Barut hotel for our honeymoon. We had heard of his reputation before, but experiencing it was completely different. Everything in the hotel is very nice, everything you need is already thought of and available in your room and in the hotel.||… 17. Comment: Magnificent stay. I came with my mother to celebrate her 85th birthday. birthday. We were amazed. The service is impeccable, the rooms with private access to the pool, fantastic. |The waitress Ayšegul from the Turunc restaurant anticipated all our wishes and... 18. Comment: The chef team is amazing! Excellent work by landscape designers - it is a pleasure to walk through the alleys. Everything is so conveniently planned that the hotel does not seem crowded, although at dinner time all the restaurants are filled with beautiful people. The pleasant friendliness and unobtrusiveness of the hotel staff also creates a pleasant atmosphere. Only in the part of the children's slides, the rescuers do not take their eyes off their phones and have no idea what is happening with the children. It is clear that the safety of children is the responsibility of parents, but why close the children's slides for a break when the lifeguards leave? They only create an illusion of security. 19. Comment: This hotel offers a wide range of activities and relaxation for all members of the family Perfect for a family holiday, there is something for everyone. I recommend the Gorilla Restaurant at lunchtime for a quick snack. Martin from the animation team, now assistant manager,... 20. Comment: For our domestic holiday this year, we chose the most expensive Barut hotel in the last week of August and thought it would be of the highest quality, but after this experience I have to say that we will not be coming to this hotel again. First of all, the staff is very attentive and friendly. I think the hotel values ​​its employees, which was very important to us. It's nice to have someone around who always greets you, smiles and asks how you are. Now I will tell you why we will never come to this beautiful hotel again. Mosquito. On the second day we went to the Sandal Ala Carte restaurant. In the middle of the meal, my wife suddenly wanted to get up. When I looked up, I saw mosquitoes swarming around the light. By then, we were pretty much stung on the hands and feet. When we reported the situation to the authorities the next day, they replied "You are in the green area, that is completely normal". When we said that we have never encountered this problem in other hotels we stayed at the same Lara location, they gave us detan and spray for the room. The fact that they had encountered this many times showed that they were not surprised by what we said and immediately offered such a solution. Every time we entered a room, we disinfected the outside, waited a bit, and then entered. We couldn't go out again because they bit us as soon as we came out, so we couldn't attend other shows. By the way, the problem is not only in the evening hours. Even if you move around while sunbathing during the day, the flightless flies stick to you. If you look around carefully during the day, you can easily see mosquitoes everywhere. For the first time in my life, I saw a mosquito that was swollen from my wife's bite and could not fly because of it. The worst part is that we reported this problem when we were sent a satisfaction survey. While we were waiting for the message that they had a problem with the spraying, that it only happened this year, but it will be solved next year, etc., because we really liked the hotel and if we received such a message, we would believe it and immediately book for next year. They stated that they did not see it as a problem. This situation is not normal and should not be normalized. If something like this happened to me when I came to such a child-friendly hotel in the future with my child, my reaction would be completely different. It's not just about getting bitten and scratched, there's also a mosquito-borne disease. So I don't think I will ever come again and I don't recommend it to anyone who asks. 21. Commentary: General Summary|We've been lucky enough to have many fantastic holidays over the years, but none come close to Bayou Villas. As the title states, this was beyond perfect and probably ruined all future… 22. Comment: I already have 34 countries in my collection and I can safely say that this is one of the best hotels I've ever been to! ||Thank you very much to the receptionist for upgrading your room! Burak (reception), it was one of the rooms with the best... 23. Comment: Lara Barut was the right choice for us as a family, everyone got their own, especially our child. A very child-friendly hotel with lots of activities for children. Langnese ice cream on the beach every day is no problem at no extra cost. Service until… 24. Comment: It's hard to talk about the Lara Barut Collection experience because there aren't enough adjectives to describe the extraordinary beauty of this resort.||We are a family of frequent travelers and love the concept of an all-inclusive resort as a model for a great relaxing vacation in… 25. Comment: We stayed at Lara Barut for a week in September. The staff welcomed us very kindly and made the room available to us very quickly. The food was very good, there was something to choose from, and there was always something for the little ones too. It also did not... 26. Comment: Everything is thought out down to the smallest detail. Beauty, chic, taste, comfort in everything. Luxurious rooms, excellent food, drinks, large, beautiful territory. We have provided a free room upgrade for regular customers. We keep trying different hotels, but we keep coming back to Barut. And we will be back! Thank you 27 Commentary: If you do just ONE thing..... wait, this is the Lara Barut Collection, so of course you're going to go there to do many, many things during your vacation.||OK, so besides eating, drinking, seeing a show, partying, enjoying the pools,… 28. Yorum: I have just returned from this magnificent hotel. I loved absolutely everything! But the most important thing is the attitude of all the employees towards the guests. Incredible kindness, desire to help, to do something nice. The hotel is modern, pleasant in everything,... 29. Comment: This is the best hotel experience I have ever had in my life! The staff, food and ambiance were amazing. They upgraded us to the presidential suite without us even asking! When asked about the reason for the upgrade they said we want you to be happy and have an amazing honeymoon and we sure did! We will definitely be back 😊 30. Commentary: We are returning from the hotel. It is difficult to describe in words the pleasure we got from staying in this hotel. Every minute you feel care and service at the highest level. Incredible cleanliness in the surroundings, in the pools, on the beach. The variety of cuisine and dishes is... 31. Comment: We had a great holiday here, the food and drinks were wonderful; would definitely book the restaurants but the buffet is just as good. We spent 2 weeks here and joined in lots of fun - special mention to Pekcan as he was brilliant and made our holiday. We would come back just to see him again! Would recommend :) 32. Comment: Lara Barut is one of the best all inclusive resorts I've ever stayed at. Compared to Hawaii, Mexico, and the Bahamas, I'll definitely be going back to Larry Barut. We went to Antalya in September, booked a lagoon room for 3 people at Lara Barut (we will book a room with pool access in the future). We had a perfect stay from the start. Everyone is so friendly and kind, always there to help with anything. The property is beautiful and most importantly clean. Many pools, bars (all up bars), staff are always poolside on roller skates to bring you anything. Lots of great restaurants, the main buffet left us speechless... the variety of food was something else, everything we tried was fresh and delicious. The beach was clean with cabanas (for villa guests) and beach beds, towels were available at every corner, beach staff at the bar and around. The water was warm and clean. The hotel has its own water slide on the property. I can talk for hours about all the great things we experienced at Lara Barut. Definitely coming back! 33. Comment: Overall excellent, but there are some nuances.|I visited the hotel for the second time. First time in 2022. year, after the renovation that was just done and during the construction of BAIOU Villas.||I didn't see any signs of loyalty to return.|The first time I lived in… 34. Comment: I am a very picky traveler after being lucky enough to stay in some of the top rated hotels in the world. I have to say I couldn't find anything to fault Lara Barut. The food was excellent, we had a lovely room with a stunning view, the grounds were immaculate. No overcrowding, no sunbed reservations, excellent facilities. The only negative thing about Turkey in general is that the beaches aren't particularly great. But this is nothing the hotel can control. I also didn't wander outside so I can't comment on the area itself. But if you have a car, stunning mountains and scenery are only a few minutes' drive away. 35. Comment: It was a wonderful vacation from start to finish. All the employees of the hotel are really very caring, kind and do their best to make you comfortable. Reservations in a la carte restaurants in the evening are free. On the first day we chose Sandal restaurant, then we ate at Kulu restaurant and Kunda Hedgehog restaurant. The Hedgehog restaurant on the sand has a barbecue concept for self-catering, on the grass it is absolutely magnificent. The food in other restaurants is also quite tasty. The rooms are clean, you can go to the sea with a stroller, but it takes 6-7 minutes to walk from the farthest room. The sea is magnificent. I especially like the bar by the sea. What I like most about the hotel is that they have separate smoking and non-smoking areas outside. It is very suitable for those traveling with children. The evening entertainment is very nice. There are many playgrounds for children. Adult entertainment starts after 9pm and then the fun continues on the beach. A truly magnificent hotel. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the baby bed brought to our room, which was very dirty and had hair on it. Then when I asked for a change, it was taken care of immediately and replaced with new sheets, but when I lifted the sheet, there was a lot of hair and dirt on the pad under the mattress, which I wouldn't want. see. I think that children's beds should be cleaned with more care than normal beds and this should definitely be taken into account. I hope my comment will be taken into account, other than that everything was perfect, big thanks to all the staff. 36. Comment: I didn't stay in the hotel. Due to my visit to my friends who were doing some hotel renovation work, I got a feedback from Google asking what you think about this place. In the notification I received, I liked the hotel from what I saw from the outside and gave it 3 out of 5 points. For me it was an above average hotel and my first impression was like that, so I rated it with 3, not 1-2 or 2.5 points. If I had stayed and seen the facilities, I probably would have given it 4 or 5 stars. This was my personal opinion. Apart from this, I have never made negative comments, slander or false statements. I haven't commented on a single word other than giving it an above average 3 out of 5. I didn't describe something that didn't happen as if it did. I didn't write a single word. However, I received a threat from the hotel that a criminal complaint would be filed with the prosecutor's office because of the rating I made. Moreover, in this return it was alleged that I had made a false statement and I was accused of being a liar. You can exercise your legal rights. Of course I will use it too. My neck is thinner than a hair in the face of justice. Our respected prosecutor is calling us, we are going to make a statement. Since there is no crime and the elements of the crime have not been formed, I can only regret that I have unnecessarily occupied our judiciary and judicial officials. However, the hotel's attitude is completely wrong. Instead of writing a threatening message, an organization that values ​​customer satisfaction would say, “Due to our investigations, it appears that you did not stay at our hotel. As an organization that values ​​customer satisfaction, your satisfaction is essential to us." What exactly did you suffer from the accommodation, what did you not like?” This kind of answer would be expected. When I saw your return, I said, “I'm glad I didn't make the mistake of staying at your establishment. I wouldn't even feel the need to make this comment under normal circumstances, but this comeback of yours offering a stick under the belt is extremely disturbing. 37. Comment: Excellent Barut hotel with many restaurants, including an outdoor area. Unfortunately, I got sick on vacation and they always helped me. The rooms and the hotel are modern and professionally equipped. The food was first class with plenty of choice. I did not know the gunpowder chain, you will see me again. Thank you very much my dears. A special greeting for Iadiga :-) 38. Comment: Our vacation at Bayou Paradise was absolutely fantastic! Turquoise water, champagne and a luxurious villa with the scent of Bvlgari all around was heaven. We had such an amazing family experience, with my son enjoying the aqua park while… 39. Yorum: We just returned from a two-week stay in Lara Barut, our first time here and it did not disappoint. The hotel is beautiful, the food was wonderful and the staff were amazing. The only person who stood out to us was Pekcan, his positive energy and... 40. Comment: We really liked your hotel, where we stayed for 4 nights last week, we were satisfied, but there are some situations that I would like you to consider: First of all, the hotel is really clean in general. All the staff we encountered were friendly, solution oriented and genuine. So we thank you very much. The hotel campus is quite large; You will not experience crowds with other guests, neither by the pool nor by the sea. What we like most is that there are smoking and non-smoking areas in the open areas and that all kinds of facilities for people with disabilities have been considered. The food in the main restaurant is both varied and delicious. People with all kinds of understanding about nutrition are catered for. We can say that the hotel surprised us the most in terms of satisfaction in recent times. Let's discuss the issues that I particularly want to change and find solutions for: - The hotel has a cat house on campus. We were visiting for two days. As grand and beautiful as the hotel is, I think the cat house is worse. In fact, I can say that this is the worst place in the hotel. When you come to the front of the house from the beautifully decorated entrance, you see that a place like a low warehouse does not fulfill its full meaning, no matter how much you create a space for play and rest for those souls. I think the cat house seriously needs a redesign. Also, I think the apparent situation is a bit too contradictory to the explanation written on the boards. The cats may be fed, their water refreshed and their surroundings cleaned every day, but the number of cats in that cat house is too much for the place. It is also stated that the cats are under veterinary control and sterilized, but we believe that the number of patients is high. Because a healthy cat is clean and licks itself even if it is on the street. It is sad to create such an environment and still see them dirty. We saw 2-3 free-ranging, beautiful cats outside, naturally hungry and not sterile (I'm commenting on this as a family with cats and dogs). - I think attention should be paid to cleaning the interior walls of the bar in the pool area, where the stalls are located. When you sit at the bar, everything seems transparent. The beach is great, but I think this was the dirtiest place. Guests should be warned if necessary. The creature left the dregs of everything it ate and drank on the sand next to the deckchair. When the sea is rough, it can bring extra dirt. From plastic bottles to tissues... There must be a cleaning solution. - Toilets on the beach, as well as toilets near the pool, are areas with a high frequency of use. A little more attention is needed. - The beach bar menu and the digital menu were different. The ingredients of some drinks should be updated according to international standards. Recipes should be made accordingly. - Finally, when I go to the hotel website, I can't see the price for the 2025 reservation. year, but my Belgian friend can see it and book it. How does this happen? I wonder how ethical that is. 41. Comment: Second visit to Lara Overall, still an amazing hotel. The food was excellent. Ordered reservation is not too bad until 9am, however, since we were a large group, guest relations helped us. It was my birthday when we... 42. Comment: Convenient location of the hotel with a minimum distance from the airport of only 10 km. ||Spacious, pleasant and well-organized space with developed infrastructure, including children of various ages.||Decent rooms with excellent equipment, where everyone has been thought out... 43. Comment: Here is our review of the hotel: Distance to airport 10/10 Room and condition 10/10 Service from staff 10/10 Overall cleanliness 9/10 Food and gastronomy 10/10 Animation and mini club 10/10 Surely the best hotel in Lara and also 5 stars in the European comparison! I can only agree with the other reviews! You have stayed in the Corner Suite for 14 days and you are simply delighted! Unfortunately, the food is better than some restaurants or inns in Austria. We were really surprised every day! Animation at the pool only at lunch time and very pleasant, and if you want to have fun, you will get your money's worth every night. 44. Comment: I gave one star just to make a comment, otherwise I have no experience or knowledge about the hotel. When I asked if I could ask for your HR email address to apply for a job, they said they accept applications via. The website I said ok and I visited their website but it turned out that I had to re-enter all my information from my 25 years of professional life, while many hotels have formats to send a resume prepared as a template without wasting time, the fact that there are no such hotel chains is, of course, a special question mark, maybe my daughter, who is an architect, will be in Barut, the hotel chains are almost finished before it even started for us, what can I say, good health.. 45. Comment: Absolutely stunning resort, impeccable service and worth the money you pay for this hotel. Food is 10/10... it's the first hotel on Lara beach and the location is perfect as it offers an amazing view of the sunrise and sunset.. also compared to other hotels in Lara Beach, this hotel is located in a much quieter, secluded area which gives it a luxurious feel.. if you are looking for the best hotel in Lara Beach.. this is the one! 46. Comment: Excellent hotel, neat and attentive staff. The territory is a park with rare cultivated plants. I showed it to my grandchildren and drew their attention to the selection of compositions in each location. The evening shows are delicious. The kitchen is generally above all… 47. Comment: We had a family vacation in August. Everything was wonderful. Villa equipment. cleanliness, service in the pavilion, everything is commendable. I especially ask you to notice the highly qualified work of a wonderful person. a wonderful professional superizer to work with… 48. Comment: So, first of all, the hotel absolutely deserves its 5 stars! |I came with my wife and a 14-month-old boy. The location of the hotel is excellent, as the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the complex.|Hotel… 49. Comment: Unbelievable like paradise. I have been to this hotel three times up to 3. in October and I can recommend the hotel to everyone. The staff is incredibly friendly! Hygiene is very important! Service is very important here and they try to do everything for the guests so that everyone has a smile! A big compliment from me to the management for this wonderful service! Lara Barut is always happy! 50. Comment: We vacationed in the Lara Barut collection at the end of August with two adults + 2 children (11 + 17). I would like to mention right away that we are regular guests of this hotel, we have been coming almost every year since 2009. year. Check-in: great, we booked two rooms… 51. Comment: We checked into the hotel on 09/01/2024 and we are still in the hotel. Since we arrived at the hotel a little early, we waited for our room to be cleaned, thank you. We were directed to the restaurant when our room was ready, we went to our room and found the rooms clean and spacious (The negative aspect of the hotel is that you check in at 2pm. In a la carte restaurants. , you have to make your appointment 2 days in advance and it has to be before 14:00, in short, I am at least supposed to stay 3 days to be able to use the a la cart restaurants, this is not communicated or indicated in any way on internet, this is a minus point for me, but thanks to the reception they helped me and we made an appointment.) I would also like to thank Mrs. Merjem at Zestful Bazaar restaurant. He helped us a lot from the day we became hotel guests. I would also like to thank the hotel staff. Their smiling faces and understanding gave a special beauty to Larry Barut. You can be sure that you will hear that word SATISFIED from the moment you enter the hotel :) A complete family hotel, you can be sure that you will have a pleasant vacation when you arrive. 52. Comment: Honestly the best villa / holiday experience I have ever had, the facilities are amazing and the staff are incredibly helpful and pleasant. By far the best service we have received in a hotel. A special shout out to Andy who was usually our breakfast waiter on the 53rd. Comment: This is our second visit to the Lara Barut collection and as before we were very happy with our stay. The groups are impeccable, each of the a la carte restaurants is exceptional in terms of food quality and presentation. The customer service and attention to detail is first class. The beach is quite sandy, but if you enter the sea from the hotel pier, it is perfectly sandy under your feet. Some of the cocktails can be a little hit or miss... it seems to depend on who makes them. Bartenders will make you things that aren't on the cocktail menu if you ask. We especially enjoyed the meals at the Turkish restaurant and the outdoor grill where you cook your own food! 54. Comment: We are a couple who tried the Barut hotel chain for the first time. Overall we were very satisfied. Of course, there are issues that need improvement, and I've mentioned them below. The hotel stands out for its service and food quality. In general, rooms and common areas are clean. When we first arrived at the hotel, our expectations were low because the reception and entrance were very simple and visually poor, but we changed our minds when we entered our room. There are plenty of ala carte options. There are a variety of options, from sushi to fish, kebabs to Mediterranean cuisine, depending on your taste. Although it was a family hotel, there was not much noise, with the number of restaurants and swimming pools, but the activities and animation were not very lively. It was not what we expected, especially in the evening. The scenery is beautiful, but it seemed very simple. More colorful and creative things can be done. On our first vacation with our 8-month-old baby, hotel service and food quality were also very important to us. Mr. Tahir, the restaurant manager, created everything we wanted for our baby with his smiling face. He showed all his flexibility to ensure our satisfaction and always took care of us. Mrs. Gamze in the main restaurant also served very well with her smiling face. The staff will be happy to answer anything you want and bring what you want very quickly. The rooms were visually very successful with their arrangement and cleanliness, but I don't know if it's because of the central air conditioning, but it created difficulties for us in adjusting the interior. We were sweating, we were cold, we were always worried that our baby would catch a cold. The temperature we wanted could not be set. The beds are good for those who like to sink into the comfort of their beds, but since we like them a little firmer, we weren't very comfortable. Like the pillows, they made me sweat a lot. Despite the cons, would we go again? Now we are interested in other hotels in Baruta. Overall, we liked the quality. 55. Yorum: I recently returned from a stay at Lara Barut and felt the need to share my experience. Although I would like to give it a 5 star rating, I believe a 4 star property is more accurate. Our previous stay at Ricos Premium Belek left a lasting impression, and unfortunately, Lara Barut did not reach that level. During our visit, we encountered significant inconvenience regarding the photography taking place on the premises. There was no advance notice from Guest Relations about this event. When I tried to enter the gym at 11am, I was informed by the photography team staff that I would have to wait an hour due to their session in progress, which included a photo shoot of a model on a treadmill that I had no intention of using. When I reached out to the guest relations desk for help, the representative seemed unaware of the photography and said she could do little to help. It was disappointing to find that the gym is not available during peak times, especially for families with children who may have limited time to exercise. Additionally, I inquired about reserving tables in hotel restaurants. I found that booking is often impossible as they are fully booked for the next two days and bookings can only be made between 9am and 2pm. Unfortunately, the staff member was unable to adequately assist me, stating that reservations must be made through the app. The restaurant reservation app is frustrating. It initially shows tables for two, but it's only after you click on them that you realize you're actually trying to make a reservation for more people. Another downside was the lack of beach bar food options, with the only nearby restaurant, the daytime burger joint (Kirpi), only open from 12:30pm to 3pm. The Japanese restaurant did not live up to my expectations, and while the desserts on the buffet were acceptable, they were not particularly to my taste. The Grab and Go selection was limited, featuring only a small selection of salads, pizzas, burgers and fruit. We enjoyed lunch at both Sandal A La Carte and Turunc All Day Restaurant and found them to be quite good. However, unfortunately we were unable to secure a dinner reservation. The staff at the kids club are fantastic; however, they close for a few hours during lunch. This wasn't a problem for us as our daughter doesn't want to stay there, but it could be a challenge for families wanting to use the service during that time. In addition, the Children's Club lacks a restaurant dedicated to children. The water in the pools, especially in the children's section, is quite cold, while the sea is noticeably warmer in comparison. The pool should be heated from October instead of November so that guests can comfortably enjoy the pools. Even the rooms facing the lagoon pool remained unused because the water temperature was too cold. The bed lacks comfort, especially the sofa bed. Overall, while there were pleasant aspects of my stay, these logistical issues prevented me from rating my experience better. I hope management will take these concerns into consideration to improve the experience of future guests. 56. Comment: Our vacation in this hotel was perfect! The hotel really deserves 5 stars for both its cleanliness and food. ||||The food was excellent, different flavors were served every day. The animation team was competent, especially Pekčan!… 57. Comment: We have regularly preferred Barut Hotel Lara for several years and it deserves recognition that they raise the quality level to the highest level every year. This year we spent 8 days in the bayou villas. If you want to experience quality and service at the highest… 58. Comment: We visited Barut after a long break (we haven't been since 2020). The hotel has been transformed... the territory was increased, including the built villas. It was nice to walk in the evening on the paths around the hotel.||Upon arrival (we had an early flight) we immediately checked in,… 59. Comment: We chose the Lara Barut room in the lagoon on our holiday as a couple. At the end of our vacation, we realized that we had made the right choice. First of all, it had food that tasted better than restaurants in most parts of the world. The cleanliness of the rooms was excellent. As for the quality of evening entertainment, concerts and events, you don't have to leave the hotel. The friendly, caring and fun hotel team does everything to make you comfortable and fun. Special thanks to Mr. Unal from the cheerleading team and Mr. Hussein from the Lagoon bar for their interest and friendship. The bathing room gives you a little Balinese breeze. It was also a great experience to jump into the pool from the room and have a drink at the Lagoon bar. We definitely recommend you to come to this hotel. 60. Comment: For me, this hotel is one of the best hotels ever. The food is simply the best I have ever experienced. The selection is huge, everything is fresh and incredibly tasty. The hotel itself is very well maintained and clean, the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. The pools are beautiful and the beach location is perfect. Everything about this hotel is perfect and I highly recommend it! 61. Comment: First time in "ultra inclusive" Start what could be better: - hotel built in 2005. and it looks like 1995. The exterior and interior design of the building is simply not up to date, and even in 2005. they didn't look five star - location quite remote and not much to see - not possible to book ala carte restaurants before arrival. And since you are able to book three days in advance and reservations close at 2pm (check-in time), you must have at least four nights to secure the ala carte. It would be better to allow even one booking earlier Leaving this aside, the place is worth a visit! - The garden/pool areas are absolutely beautiful - The service is superb - The food is really good. We usually don't go for the buffet / all inclusive because the quality is low. This place is different. The quality of the food surprises every time. The raw materials are good, the placement is nice and generally well made. In comparison: Caribbean cruise ships are generally considered good but this place is much better I totally recommend booking a pavilion, this was 120e a day in October but worth every penny. You can book this by email before your arrival on the 62nd. Comment: The best hotel in Lara! Concorde, Dolphin, Baja, Liberty. We managed to see a lot of hotels. But this is really an extra step. Pure luxury. Do not place towels. Wonderful peace and quiet. Star quality food. So incredibly delicious, beautiful in… 63. Yorum: I can say that I left our short vacation with sadness, where we stayed for 3 nights and 4 days with 19 people. Lara Barut is the most luxurious, comfortable, clean, all-inclusive concept hotel with superior service that I have ever been to. This is a hotel I met on a business trip, but I definitely want to come back with my family. I would especially like to point out that the food is at a high level. We used to regret the poor quality of food in all the inns, but the food at Lara Barut is far better than mom's/homemade food. The excellence of the dishes shows that the chefs are experienced and have great potential. I would especially like to thank Mr. Burak from the reception, Mr. Hussein Kazan from the restaurant, Mr. Ceihun, whom we met at the Kumda Kirpi restaurant, and Ms. Ceren from the animation and the warmth of our beautiful country with your energy and kindness. I am glad to have you, Best regards, Busra Musluk. 64. Comment: We are very satisfied with the hotel, especially the lady in the Turunc restaurant named "Aisegul" was always kind and always radiated positive energy. You need this on vacation to lift your spirits. ||All in all, our hotel... 65. Comment: I would like to start my comments by first thanking you. We want to express our gratitude to the Barut family for all the kind, kind, helpful and hardworking people, especially Mr. Maksim who took care of us in the mini club, Mr. Tuna at the reception, Mrs. Ayşe who took care of cleaning our room, our brother Mehmet, the intern in the main restaurant. Our satisfaction started from the moment we entered the hotel and continued throughout our vacation. Tuna Bey assigned us a great room. We were very pleased with ourselves. Our room was a penthouse. It had a steamy Turkish bath and a jacuzzi on the balcony. The field of internal use was very wide. The room was cleaned every day and completely. The only downside was that when going to the rooms in the lagoon area, there was no air conditioning, including the elevators, so the hot weather was very oppressive. With children in mind, the pools are built from shallow to deep. The sea is mixed with gravel and sand and does not deepen quickly. We left the hotel because we gained weight because the main hotel restaurant and a la carte served a delicious and wide range of dishes. It was a perfect gastronomic feast for us. However, we could not understand why there was a requirement for people over 6 years old for Trimis and Akdeniz a la carte. It seemed ridiculous to us that we could not take advantage of the two a la carte options just because we had a child under 6 years old. The pastry shop also had very nice desserts with unique presentations. The location was also very nice. The activities held in the evening for both children and adults were very nice. Fair activity was huge. The clown activity in the mini club was very nice and we were very happy to see the children's smiles. Everywhere in the hotel there were places intended for children. The hotel is very well positioned, with many and frequent places for needs such as eating, drinking and resting. For these reasons, we left the hotel with fond memories. It was an unforgettable experience for us. It was one of the few hotels we wanted to go to again. 66. Comment: We had a vacation at the beginning of September with the whole family. We have already spent two summers in Barut Lari, the first time in a villa. On the first day, we couldn't get over the pleasant shock of how cool it was here. The villa itself (we had 3 bedrooms) is simply… 67. Comment: bayou villas made my experience in Antalya special. I had a great time during my vacation in Antalya because of bayou villas alone.|The service was exceptional, beyond excellent! I would rate this place more than 5 stars. The staff was also… 68. Comment: The 3 nights I spent at the Barut Lara Hotel were simply wonderful! I felt at home with the magnificent sea view, comfortable rooms and friendly staff. The food was delicious and varied, appealing to every palate. In addition, the activities and facilities offered by the hotel made my vacation even more enjoyable. I will definitely come again! 🌴✨ 69. Comment: Normally I would not give such ratings and comments, but we were really satisfied with the hotel's service. The employees make you feel like a valued customer and try not to miss anything. Even before our vacation was over, we started making plans for our next visit while we were there. The taste remains in our taste buds, we hope you will continue to be happy.. 70. Comment: I had a perfect stay. Lara Barut is undoubtedly the best hotel in the region. Everything is done perfectly to ensure you have the best vacation possible. They thought of everyone when they made this hotel (singles, families, children, people with disabilities, pensioners, etc.). I took the Lagoon bath room to myself and it was really great to have the pool in front of the room as well as the forest atmosphere. The restaurants are truly superb and of perfect quality. There are also many activities on offer (both for adults and children). Really good for offering such great content. It's perfect. I totally recommend it. Thank you for this stay and see you soon. 71. Comment: The best vacation ever! We came to celebrate our 2. anniversary with our baby! Every detail has been considered for our comfort. I am really grateful to the team for their kind support and interest. Food, cocktails were excellent. Thanks again. 72. Comment: Bayou Villas is love at first sight. Everything in this place is designed to the smallest detail. Starting with the location (20 minutes from the airport) and down to the details in the villas themselves. We are coming here for the second year in a row and plan to come back again.… 73. Comment: The quality of the hotel speaks for itself.||Special:||Aisegul, who works in the Turunc restaurant, fully met our expectations with her outstanding performance. The importance he attaches to customer satisfaction, his friendly approach and his conversation… 74. Comment: After a very unfortunate and unpleasant reception at the reception of Hotel Lara Barut (hence the deduction of 1 star) ||we still had a perfect holiday in one, especially thanks to Alper from Guest Relations and Holidaycheck customer service… 75. Comment: We stayed in one of the villas for 8 nights and I can absolutely recommend it. In addition to nice accommodation, service is also very important here. Every request was answered and every request was taken seriously. Even in the case of a small, self-inflicted accident, colleagues from... 76. Comment: Beautiful resort, clean and detailed. Perfect service and friendly, welcoming people. Lovely beds and fantastic pools. Enjoy your luxury! Several restaurants to eat in and room service is also perfect! It's worth repeating! 77. Comment: We had a great stay there, compared to other resorts we stayed at in Antalya.. this is excellent value for money.. you pay a bit more at this resort but what you get is so worth it.. the rooms are small but clean and stocked with all the things you need..they even provided a hair iron with a hair dryer.. food is of high quality and available all the time.. there are activities every day for small children and adults.. The aqua park was super fun, there are slides for adults and little kids.. the pool is huge.. there is a walking/jogging track. The beach is large and private, not crowded like some other resorts.. highly recommended for families or couples or even solo travel.. 78. Comment: First I'll start with the poor customer service this place has to offer. 1. Ask anyone for directions or opening hours and you'll get a response like "that department isn't mine, I don't know" 2. You ask about restaurant reservations at a restaurant that tells you to do it through an app that either tells you it's already overbooked and there are no reservations available or your child can't come to certain restaurants. 3. You inquire about certain amenities that the hotel supposedly offers, and no one knows how to do it. Of that, the room averages $580 per night, but what justifies the charge is beyond my understanding because it's not a deluxe room and all inclusive isn't really all inclusive because in some restaurants you have to pay in euros just to dine. the aqua park is supposed to be the main attraction for kids, but it literally only has 3 rides. This was the worst waste of money I have ever experienced. I would never want anyone to spend money on this hotel and I'm sure there are much better options nearby. The management is crap, the staff has poor customer service, the app sucks and the experience is 0/10. I wouldn't give a single star if that was possible. 79. Comment: The hotel exceeds your expectations, everything is perfect, the price/performance level is very high. They show incredible sensitivity even to the smallest details, the satisfaction of the guests is definitely in the first place, the kitchen is of high quality, the rooms are very beautiful. If you get the chance, I recommend you book without hesitation. 10/10 80. Comment: We had the opportunity to stay for a week in this beautiful hotel, excellent service and perfect location. No day was the same with all kinds of activities and shows. A big thank you to Yagmur from the entertainment team who made our stay even more enjoyable and of course to all the hotel staff. Definitely worth repeating! 81. Comment: The second holiday in this hotel was again really nice, simply fantastic ||The food was very good and varied ||The rooms were clean and tidy ||The entertainment was excellent and very, very good! Thanks so much for the Amiga, it was just great and a lot of fun. | Archery was great with him, a perfect teacher. ||Thank you very much Amigo 82. Comment: We chose the hotel because it was the closest facility to the airport in Antalya. We have previously stayed in different hotels in the region. It must be said that it is the best hotel with the service and quality of the products it provides. The hotel rooms, textiles and facilities are wonderful. The iron, shower accessories, beach bags and mini bar products are very good quality and useful. We would like to thank the guest relations team and Mrs. Didem for fulfilling our requests and helping us during our stay. 83. Yorum: Imagine that you are always taken care of from the moment you enter and all the staff are friendly, there is no problem, they take care of everything, it is an amazing hotel, it is very clean, you never want to leave the villa, everything is perfect, it was even a pool with… 84. Comment: A place where you can't experience the crazy prices of Turkey these days. However, I was not happy with the restaurant I had booked. Instead, I was very pleased with the seats that didn't require reservations and the buffet, and the general staff was very friendly. 85. Comment: It's been my favorite hotel for years, really beautiful place, I feel like home, number one by far, cleanliness, friendliness and great choice of food, with different types of restaurants that really give opportunity for culinary experiences every day, not to mention entertainment, indeed there are many sports. What can I say about the real holiday of 86 for me. Comment: Lara Barut offers a well-rounded experience that caters to both families and couples. The hotel is well maintained, with clean pools and various slides that add a fun element to the stay. The beach is also a pleasant place, with clear water and plenty of space to relax. Dining at Lara Barut is enjoyable, with a good selection of restaurants offering a variety of cuisine. The food is of a high standard and there is something to suit most tastes, whether you prefer a buffet or a more intimate dining experience in one of the a la carte options. A significant aspect of the hotel is the entertainment provided by the animation team. Amigo and Ali stand out for their efforts in organizing activities and ensuring that guests have a pleasant time. They bring a great level of energy to the daytime activities and evening shows, making the whole experience more interesting. Lara Barut provides a nice balance of relaxation and fun, and the slides add extra fun. The hotel is well equipped for a pleasant stay, with attentive staff and a pleasant atmosphere. Thank you from my family! 87. Comment: It was a great stay. The employees are very friendly and helpful. We were especially helped by Burak from the reception. The food was delicious. You have a lot of activities, you will not be bored! The hotel was really great! 88. Yorum: Cheap, yes. Very. But you see value in almost every corner of this resort. The rooms are well equipped, clean, modern and well maintained. The hotel is clean and pleasant and spacious. The restaurants are mostly excellent, although Pizzeria Laura and Burger Bar had some shortcomings. However, the star of the show is undoubtedly the Zestful Bazaar buffet. What a wonderful selection of food and drink of all kinds. It is truly something special. I would recommend this to anyone, young or old, with or without a family. That's great. 89. Comment: We had the opportunity to stay with my wife from 24.09.-24.06.24. It is a very caring hotel that really cares about the satisfaction of its guests. The employees are friendly and service-oriented. We were very satisfied with everything you are looking for in a hotel. Also, a big thank you to Mrs. Fidan, who took care of our room :) 90. Comment: The food was very good. There was a lot of variety and it wasn't repetitive. Guest relations was quick to help us with all of our minor issues. They are really sensitive, especially with children. Many thanks to Tugba and Saida Cemal 🙏🏻… 91. Comment: The hotel is extremely clean and beautiful. First of all, the smiling faces and the quality of the employees cannot be compared to any hotel I have ever been in. Very attentive, I would like to write the names of all the employees here one by one and thank them all,… 92. Comment: Unbelievably beautiful villa, everything is impeccable! |The service is at the highest level, everything is done for you at all times with a smile and pleasure!|Pillows, sheets, towels, bathrobes and slippers are incredibly soft. top quality materials! Sleep... 93. Comment: We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. We stayed in room 1701 and would like to thank Mrs. Yasemin, who did the cleaning for us. She really loves her job and does it right. We had a very comfortable holiday with my two year old son. The facilities and free services they provided to the child were very good. A playpen bed, changing mat, shower gel, baby shampoo, baby body lotion and stroller were the free amenities we used. There are more facilities for younger babies and it's free. This is a very nice detail. I was also very happy that there was a hair straightener and an iron and ironing board in the room. The general hotel staff was friendly and honest. They do their job well and work happily. This reflects very well on us. We mostly ate at Turunc ala carte We would like to thank Mrs. Kevser and Mrs. Ebru who worked there. I would also like to thank all the employees whose names we did not ask. Everything was excellent, the pools were clean. My son was also able to enter. The green area of ​​the hotel was very nice. We were happy that it is a hotel that respects nature. The beach is perfect. Many more things that I can't count. In short, thanks to the Barut family and I'm sure we'll see each other again ☺ 94. Comment: Hotel layout, cleanliness, food, beverage inventory and beach are really good and sufficient. In my opinion, employees are creators and complements of other beauties. I would especially like to thank Mr. Burak and Ibrahim for the reception for their help and approach oriented towards solving many issues. 95. Comment: Great luxury hotel|Definitely recommend. This is my fifth time back. It's always top service, quality, food...the staff is top notch and a big thank you to the maid Fatma and the evening maid. Thanks to Mr. ENDER from the spa department and… 96. Comment: A first-class hotel with beautiful green areas. We had a wonderful family vacation where everyone (children and adults) got their way. A very sustainable and ecological hotel where service is very important. Without exception, all employees do an excellent job and are always very friendly and courteous. All restaurants have excellent cuisine and a very large selection. The service through the hotel application is simple and uncomplicated, which means that the contact person is available 24 hours a day. We are definitely coming back and are already looking forward to it. 97. Comment: So, first of all, the hotel absolutely deserves its 5 stars! I was traveling with my wife and a 14-month-old boy. The location of the hotel is excellent, because the drive to/from the airport is only 30 minutes, and there is absolutely no airplane noise in the area. The hotel offers all the services you could wish for. The facility and rooms are very clean. The rooms are modern and comfortably furnished. We had a deluxe room with a beautiful view of the pool in the courtyard, which created a very romantic and pleasant atmosphere in the evening. Operating the air conditioner was very simple and efficient. There was a delicious bottle of red wine in the room as a welcome gift, and various sweets were brought to the room after our arrival. As a guest, you immediately feel comfortable and highly valued. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our son was warmly welcomed and looked after by the staff everywhere, including in the restaurant or bar. We especially noticed Merjem and Esra in the restaurant. The kids club staff are just great! We especially noticed Dilber, the purple-curled clerk and the oldest employee there, for her professionalism, good humor and competence. A big compliment! Despite the comprehensive formula, the food is of very high quality. Countless buffets are prepared with love, art and taste. Everything was very tasty. The vegan/vegetarian corner was an added plus! The numerous baby pools, water slides and activities offered at the complex for young and old ensure that there is never a dull moment. At my request, the rescuer Furkan took a picture of me in free fall on the slide, which I thought was great! All the entertainers are doing a great job! Here the entertainer Sarah was very impressed with the beach volleyball and the entertainer with the archery. The hotel provided us with a very relaxing week and we are very grateful for that! The price-performance ratio is right and absolutely justified for such performance! The hotel is highly recommended, even with children. We would come back anytime. 98. Comment: Wow... it was a really nice, relaxing vacation! The resort is very large and has a lot to offer. With a small child, unfortunately, we could not take advantage of some of the offers for adults (shows, events, late bar), but we found everything on offer very impressive. Children have everything they need, want and can imagine. The proximity to the airport is great as it's a short transfer without being disturbed by aircraft noise. Reception/check-in was convenient and without problems, Rooms are modern, no signs of wear and tear. We thought it was great that the entrance to our room was set back and protected from the noise by another door. As for the food... very good... also a large vegan buffet. Overall, I've never seen so many different dishes in a hotel's main restaurant. The appetizer itself in the main restaurant was amazing. All in all, everything was perfect and without deductions. 99. Comment: Everything was fantastic and well taken care of. Beautiful luxury rooms, a large number of a la carte restaurants that you can book and a good buffet with endless choices. The quality of the food is also very good and varied. There is also a big i... 100. Comment: The hotel is excellent, with several options for children, several restaurants, clean, organized, but like everything else it is not perfect, there are only 3 elevators in the main hotel, it takes some time and the elevators are small, sometimes I have to wait for you for a long time to get in, the lifeguards are not friendly, they are on the phone, they don't pay attention to the kids, my son tried to talk to one twice and he just ignored him, the bigger pool was closed 3 times during our stay because some kid had an accident (poop) . I think management should be a little stricter about diapers or maybe have a kiddie pool. The night attractions in the theater are beautiful, the problem is the heat, there is no fan, on the last day I passed out, because I have low blood pressure and the heat does not help, the air does not circulate. Another thing, the price of buying something in the hotel shop is terrible, everything is too expensive, I had problems with the charger and they charged me 35 euros for the charger, we went to the supermarket to buy sun cream because it was very expensive to the hotel, another thing , taxis are really expensive, never take yellow taxis, book online, we paid £45 for 15 minutes from the hotel to the airport. Also cash only, no cards accepted. Absurd. 101. Comment: Very nice hotel, big spaces, and even if there are a lot of people, it never seems crowded. Friendly and helpful staff. The entertainers are very friendly, especially Pekan and Nika, very professional, kind and engaging old men, and those available are too easy for this age. However, the structure is highly recommended! 102. Comment: You feel special from the moment you walk in the door, but the hotels you can go to with kids and be happy with are very limited. There is not much to say about the hotel, so many details are taken into account that your needs are also taken into account, I wondered what kind of experience Barut hotels have to make everything so successful, and I researched it. These guys have been doing this job for 50 years anyway. We went at the suggestion of our friends, and we plan to do so next year. This year we went with 5 families and 5 children. We were always packed but never saw any negativity from any staff member. They were always nice and smiling. As a manager, I was surprised how employees could be so happy and interested, and how they could be so quick and solution-oriented, on the second day of a holiday. Everyone smiles, everyone tries to help you, even if you don't want anything, they come to you and take care of you. First, I would like to thank the management for forming such a team, and then congratulate them. Because it is very difficult. We thank everyone who took care of us, from the friend who met us at the entrance to the Melem bar, the Turunc restaurant, the children's club, the main restaurant, the girls on roller skates, the brothers who collect towels and the terrace in the lobby. You gave us and our children great days. I can't name the names, but the ones I remember are; I would also like to thank Furkan Lagoon Bar, Turunc Aisegul Hanım Restaurant, Melissa Kids Club and two girls with long black hair on roller skates. Thank you all for your hard work and effort. 103. Comment: It was our first vacation with our 9-month-old baby. We researched and chose this hotel as a good one. For the first time, we didn't want to leave the hotel. Friendly welcome (Mr. Tolga), everyone was very caring and kind. Everything was thought of for the baby. All our needs were placed in our room before we arrived (thanks Mr. Muzafer). You don't need to bring anything, except for his special needs (Miss Dilek) She prepared everything for the baby from a woman's perspective. When you need something, they bring it directly. You should definitely get a massage and spa. It will be very good for your baby-bearing body. Meal reservations are made based on your opinion. I liked the best of all you can eat gastronomically. The vegetables and fruits were fresh and delicious. I think that everything that is delicious here comes from its place. The sea was beautiful, sandy and calm. At night there are different activities. It seems expensive compared to the surrounding hotels, but it's definitely worth it. I think you offer more than the money you pay. We stayed 3 nights and 4 days, we could have stayed longer. 104. Comment: We had the opportunity to spend 8 days in Lara Barut in September. The overall experience was absolutely fantastic. The hotel space is huge, great for families with children (big kids' club, nice slides) and great for active people because of the many sports opportunities. We were a group of 5 adults with some elderly people and really appreciated the transfer from our garden to the swimming pool to the beach. I have to highlight the Pavillon area, which is an absolute dream with butler service and food service for lunch from the restaurant. The cold towel service was fantastic 😊 Another thing to highlight is the food, because this was amazing. Everything was fantastic and we really enjoyed ourselves. We stayed at Barut Hemera last year and the chef from there should come to Lara Barut for some classes 😊 It's not about the value/money, it's about the taste of the food that was well flavored. Even plain chicken or simple pasta was delicious here… Only one thing to mention or take action from the gardener is the small flies/mosquitoes outside the over 16 dining area but surely there is already some action on that. Now we have a big problem, because we don't want to go to any other hotel in Turkey, only this one, because it has everything we need 😊 Well, see you next year Lara Barut…. 105. Comment: The staff were very friendly and the food was amazing, so many of the restaurants to eat from the rooms were large and the whole resort was very clean and not too crowded. I went with my family and the kids love the fun they had. 106. Comment: It takes 20-25 minutes by taxi to the airport and costs around 20 euros. It's a pity that there is no shuttle, but among the resort complexes, it is closer to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the water park in the pool is small but quite exciting. Since there are so many employees, some are friendly and some are not, but not so much that you feel uncomfortable. Overall, the food at the restaurant was delicious and I had a good rest. It is a little disappointing that it is difficult to make a restaurant reservation for dinner. 107. Comment: Our second time visiting this hotel and just as good as the first time. Great buffet food and various snack bars etc. A la carte restaurants are excellent (inclusive), lounge elegant, staff excellent and well maintained, activities limited but excellent. The surrounding hotels pack them in like sardines, and this is not the case at all, there are plenty of sunbeds, a private dock and pool facilities. The price reflects the quality. Maybe next time we'll try Anda Gunpowder for a change of scenery, but if not, we'll be back next year! Harika! 108. Comment: Amazing hotel, service beyond all praise at all stages and levels! Delicious and varied food, lots of fun. We had a room with private access to the pool - total waste of everything! A special service for newlyweds - so nice and cool! 109. Comment: Food - excellent Service - excellent Many things to do in this hotel such as multiple sports activities such as paddle tennis, street basketball, water slides and many more, many shows such as magic, comedy and music and several restaurants of different cuisines. Furthermore, this hotel is great for small children with lots of simple food like pizza or pasta, and the hotel has links to the beach which allows you to sit and relax in the nice Mediterranean breeze. 110. Comment: Room cleaning is excellent. Especially the lagoon bar Mr. Furkan makes very nice cocktails. We didn't leave the bar all day. I recommend the Turunc restaurant instead of the open buffet. Mrs. Aisegul and Mrs. Kevser are very caring and very kind people. Thanks to their interest, we decided to extend the hotel for another 3 days. We still recommend it. 111. Comment: I stayed for two weeks in a hotel with my mother in August 2024. We desperately needed a break and a fresh start. I chose this hotel after seeing reviews on various websites. It turned out to be even better than all my expectations. First, let me talk about the facilities. The hotel is spacious, and despite the large number of tourists (including us ^^), it never felt crowded. It features a huge private beach, multiple pools and beautifully manicured gardens, each more stunning than the last. Numerous activities are available for both adults and children, including tennis courts, darts, water cycling and various afternoon and evening shows. Dining options are plentiful. The main restaurant offers a buffet for all meals - breakfast, lunch and dinner - with a varied and delicious menu that changes the theme daily. The choice of dishes is so wide that it is difficult to know where to start. Some dishes are prepared in front of you, such as fresh fish fillets or custom dishes. In addition to the buffet, there are several a la carte restaurants. These are not extra cost options, but simply offer a different dining experience compared to a buffet. All these restaurants are included in the all-inclusive package, with only one exception (Secret Grill). In addition, there are several bars spread throughout the hotel to suit different moods. To complete the facilities section, I must mention the SPA: it has a large Turkish bath, two saunas (one mixed and one for women), a steam hammam and an ice fountain - all available daily from 9am to 8pm. Now I would like to express my gratitude for the "life force" that really made our stay exceptional. Without these dedicated individuals, the hotel would be nothing more than a lifeless giant structure. I am referring to the men and women who work tirelessly to ensure the satisfaction of every guest, paying meticulous attention to every detail. We enjoyed several sessions of scrubs and massages at the SPA. I would like to thank VAIAN and NONIKA, our therapists, from the bottom of my heart. Their dedication, professionalism and kindness were evident from the very beginning to the very end of each session, fully committed to the care they provide. In addition, I would like to thank AHMET, the SPA manager, for his role in organizing our sessions and recommending treatments that best suit our needs. He made it a point to check in after each session to gather feedback and address any concerns. True to his word, he was always there, instructing the therapists and gathering our feedback. Considering the high level of professionalism we experienced, we had nothing to complain about. What is true for the SPA is true throughout the hotel. For example, wherever you sit in a bar or restaurant, even in a more secluded place, a waiter or waitress will come by to check if you need anything. I would especially like to acknowledge the staff working in the barbeque areas of the restaurants and outdoor areas of the hotel. Despite the intense heat, with the temperature hovering around 40 to 50 degrees Celsius during the day, the cooks, waiters, gardeners and housekeepers perform their duties with dedication. They welcome every guest with a smile and work tirelessly to provide top-notch service. Despite the scorching sun and sweltering heat, the teams work hard from dawn to dusk to provide the best experience and service to guests. Let's be honest, staying at this hotel is a financial investment, but when you see the beauty of the facilities, the quality and variety of food and drinks and the hard work of every member of the staff, you realize that it's worth it. 112. Comment: We stayed in this hotel for four nights for a family vacation: First impressions: the hotel is old, and we wondered why the prices were so high. We checked in, but the room wasn't ready even at 3:00 PM. I asked the receptionist for a quiet room with a baby cot, which we had requested earlier. He said he would send it to our room, but we had to ask for it three times. We booked a deluxe room, it was good but the corridors are very old. The hotel has several restaurants that you have to book using their app. Please note that you can only book from 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM, so you cannot use the a la carte restaurants on the first day. Even during our stay, we couldn't book a restaurant because the hotel was full and people booked 48 hours in advance. The buffet has many varieties, more international than Turkish. The quality of the food and service is not top notch nor worthy of a 5 star rating. The children's club is old and there is no room for adults or a place to change diapers. Compared to other hotels in Belek or Lara, the kids club in this hotel is very poor. I didn't like the hotel or the catering concept for mass tourism. I thought that even with more than 400 euros per night we would get a 5 star hotel, but this hotel was not worth it. IT IS NOT A 5 STAR HOTEL AND IT DOESN'T JUSTIFY ITS PRICE. 113. Comment: We had an amazing 10-day family vacation in Lara Barut! The resort offered a fantastic range of activities for all ages, from water sports and exciting pool games to fun kids' clubs and lively evening shows. A special shout out to Ali from the animation team who made our stay unforgettable with his enthusiasm and dedication. Thank you Ali! The food was good with plenty of variety to suit everyone's taste. The resort itself was spotlessly clean and well maintained. We liked the lively atmosphere and friendly staff. We can't wait to come back! 114. Comment: We had the best family summer vacation. This hotel is family/child friendly. Lots of good activities, nice water parks and pools, clean rooms and facilities, delicious variety of food and desserts. The staff is very friendly Definitely 5 stars and highly recommended for a summer holiday. 115. Comment: I am a travel agent and I have visited about 20-30 hotels in Turkey. This was by far the best… but also the most expensive! Value for money, so to speak. The food is outstanding, much better than anywhere else. Everything is included and no savings is made. Advantages: Rooms for 5 people!! Unlimited a la carte Food quality I can talk about, really good! Lunch and breakfast also a la carte Quiet atmosphere without shouting If you don't like shows like me, there is a nice band regularly at the pool bar. The beach bar is a great party with a DJ at the end of the afternoon Top slides for 9/10 year olds Staff very friendly and tidy It's a totally different experience from other hotels in Turkey. It's just a little more classic. Personally, I think it's more of a hotel with older kids. They also had a festival that was really cool! They did very little about holidays. On their birthday, they book an a la carte balloon on their own initiative. However, for this price you can also be critical and I think they can improve a few points, especially in the service! Give your customers a special welcome. People like that. Snack/drink upon entry. Show them the place, things like that... spoil them :) Booking a restaurant with a group in multiple rooms is almost impossible. In other hotels, you can simply ask your WhatsApp assistant to do it for you. They don't do that here... so you really have to be ready with your phone at 9am and then sometimes one room has space and the other doesn't. And setting an alarm for that every day isn't exactly a festive feeling... have this start at 10.00/10.30 or so and adjust it… for example, that a group can book two trips through the assistant. Cocktails are substandard, small selection and often very strong or simply not tasty. I've seen much better. You can order almost anything, but a lot is off the menu… Heineken for example. That's a little strange to me, you'll find out only after a few days. The selection of ice cream is very limited. Much more spacious in other hotels. A longer stay in a room in late summer will cost you 175 euros!! That's really funny. In a hotel like this this is just part of the service, I think you pay for it. Details that can raise the hotel to a higher level! Overall, I would go back in a heartbeat! After a week, you still haven't managed to see and taste everything! As mentioned, this hotel is very expensive and there are many good alternatives in Lara that are much lower quality but also cost much less :) So it just depends what you choose :) 116. Comment: This was an amazing hotel with great food, service, environment and so on. But what really left an impression were Marie Rysvik and Theo Necker. They were guest coaches at the hotel. My husband and I both went to yoga sessions and trained with them one on one. My husband has a knee injury and Theo has been researching how to get him dressed in the best possible gear. I trained with Marie. I have been a trainer myself for 15 years and she delighted me with her knowledge and enthusiasm. 117. Comment: It was the best hotel I have stayed in recently. The service, the food, the staff, everything was very good, it is an establishment that I will visit again. From the first day to the last, everything was taken care of down to the smallest details. We left without a problem and happy. We will come again in 118. Comment: Real all inclusive!! This hotel has everything a family needs to relax and enjoy their vacation! There are only two things that could make it beyond perfection! The rooms in the main building could be a little bigger, especially for families with children, they are small. Another thing is the timing of activities for young children! It usually starts at 20:30 and some shows at 21:00, and for young children who are used to sleeping early, these shows are late! All in all, this hotel has become the first on our list so far. 119. Comment: My wife and I had an amazing honeymoon here. Can't recommend enough. As a vegan, I have always been given so many options. The performances were amazing, I say that as a formal theater professional, so it's hard to impress me. But I really want to give a shout out and thank the spa staff. Somehow I managed to pass the trip after the Turkish bath treatment. (I've never fainted before..) Amazing women caught me and watched over me. He practically carried me to the sofa to get dressed. And I'm not small!!!! (Combination of getting up too fast, napping at 40 degrees, missing meals.... I'm fine) All the staff went above and beyond every step of the way. We never talk about repeat trips, but we can expect. Thank you!!!! 120. Commentary: A luxury escape to Lara Barut - the 5-star gem of Antalya. The moment we stepped into the grand lobby, we were greeted with warm smiles. The check-in process was seamless and quick, with attentive staff offering all the necessary information about the hotel's facilities. The sleek, modern decor of the lobby set the tone for what would be truly elegant. Hotel room Our room was a Deluxe room with a partial view of the seats. It was spacious, spotlessly clean and had a stunning view of the Mediterranean Sea from our balcony. The room has a selection of pillows and a complimentary mini-bar that is stocked daily, with a bottle of red wine upon our arrival, which made the room feel luxurious and comfortable. The balcony was the perfect place to relax, offering a panoramic view that added an extra layer of relaxation. Dining Experience Hotel offers a variety of restaurants and cuisines, and every meal was a culinary delight. Whether it was the Zestful buffet with endless options or the a la carte restaurants serving everything from Turkish specialties to Italian classics, the food was consistently delicious. Fresh seafood and beautifully presented desserts stand out! The food was really delicious and true to the standards of a 5 star hotel. We were particularly impressed by the attentive service in the restaurants — the staff was quick to accommodate all requests, making sure that every meal was special. Facilities and amenities The Lara Barut collection really shines with its range of contents. The pools are large, well maintained and surrounded by plenty of sunbeds, so we never had to worry about finding a spot. For those looking for a little more relaxation, the spa was an oasis of peace. We indulged in a traditional Turkish bath (hammam) followed by a massage. We were introduced to a follow-up massage after the first one at the spa 😂 it was a bit expensive for a spa package, but we are happy to repeat it as we had an amazing experience that left us feeling refreshed from the first. Entertainment Entertainment was superb, with daytime activities and evening shows to suit all tastes. Whether it was live music, theater performances or theme nights, there was always something to enjoy. We make sure to use our time there every day and we really enjoyed the show and the activities. We couldn't have enough time for archery because of the friendly coach we came across - his name is Amigo and he was so kind and helpful. Very professional and super friendly. It was a really great experience and a pleasure to meet you Amigo! **Overall Experience** Lara Barut offers the perfect blend of luxury, comfort and fun. Whether you want to relax by the pool, enjoy a gourmet dinner or indulge in top-notch entertainment, this hotel has it all. Our stay was nothing short of amazing, and we left feeling pampered and refreshed. Nothing to complain about from the moment we checked into the hotel. We can't wait to return to this gem in Antalya! 121. Comment: Compared to hotels I've stayed at in a similar segment (like Voyage, Regnum, etc.), it's by far the best in terms of food and hospitality. The taste of the food was amazing. It is a hotel that even has an a la carte buffet. It's very clean, very quiet, and the a la carte dishes in particular are seriously at Michelin Guide level. We will definitely come again. 122. Comment: An excellent hotel for a family with children. The children's concept is very convenient in terms of providing a potty and a stroller for babies. Many children's areas for socializing. The food is available almost 24 hours a day and is of very high quality. The beach is suitable for children. 123. Comment: It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, large hotel area, lush gardens, deep blue sea and quality food and drinks. It is a very attractive fact that there are 9 restaurants and a rich menu of each restaurant. It's great to have a huge water park for kids. I recommend it to those who are thinking of vacationing in Antalya, especially families with children. 124. Comment: We have been to Barut Lara twice and we would return every time. The first time we had a corner suite, and the second time we had a deluxe double room. The service was outstanding both times, the food and drinks were top notch. Every employee is attentive and the hotel is in absolutely top condition. A la carte restaurants correspond to stellar cuisine. The hotel is very modern and has a beautiful beach. 125. Comment: I came to Antalya for the first time and decided to stay here because I saw it on Instagram. I have to say everything was perfect, the food is amazing and the little dessert place downstairs you won't be able to resist. For all inclusive standards are very high. If you have children, then it is perfect for you, you will never be bored here. 126. Comment: We were a family of 5 people and it was our first time in Turkey. We loved our stay at this hotel. We travel a lot and want to have quality service. First surprise: finding food at 1 am. It was very useful for us because we arrived late. Agent available anytime on Whatsapp is so awesome. Buffet by choice and quality. Despite the fact that I'm not a fan of buffets, here in this hotel I was convinced. Smiling and attentive staff. My children were delighted. Greenery, the garden looks like an oasis. Here you have a great stay, not a stay planned for the masses. I recommend this hotel with my eyes closed. It's expensive, but every euro is well spent. 127. Comment: It was the hotel we chose for our honeymoon. As someone who has been to many hotels with this concept, I have never seen such service, cleanliness, meticulousness and attention before. We were very pleased with the main restaurant and the a la carte restaurants. The experience my wife and I had was almost perfect. We thank you 128. Comment: We booked our vacation in this beautiful hotel in the fall of 2023. I was completely blown away. The service, rooms, facility, pool and food were excellent. Simply fantastic 129. Comment: In June, I visited Lara Barut with three friends. I recommend this hotel to everyone! The rooms are excellent: modern, fully equipped (stocked mini bar with drinks and snacks, ironing board, bathrobe, etc.), clean, air conditioning works well and beds... 130. Comment: Very nice hotel. |Everything was perfectly fine. The a la carte restaurant Sandel was particularly good. Both for breakfast and lunch. The animation team, especially Peckan from darts, also had a lot of fun. Wellness is also recommended. We will definitely be back again. 131. Comment: We have been in this hotel for 9 days and we are very satisfied. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in every area. Good entertainment is also provided, there are many activities such as archery, air pistol, darts, tennis or bocce. I would like to thank once again the entire animation team, especially Iagmur, Amigo, Bouquet, Ceren and Martin (Fatih) for their tireless work. efforts. 132. Comment: In my opinion, it is the best hotel you can come to on vacation in Antalya. Every possibility and concept was considered. We wanted to stay 3 nights, but we extended it by two more nights because we liked the hotel so much. Thank God they helped right away. All staff are friendly and solution oriented. First of all, we thank them for their interest and concern. As for the hotel facilities, the food is very good, it is not possible to stay hungry in the hotel. A la carte restaurants are very successful. In addition, if you want to try world cuisine, there are many different restaurant services. Activities are varied, spaces and games are provided for children. Also, programs and animations throughout the day are made for adults, and they are especially active in sports. I would also like to thank Ms. Figen and all the sports instructors for yoga in the morning. The rooms are very clean. We stayed in the first rooms that opened to the pool. If you want peace, you can also choose this style of room. Although the hotel was crowded, we didn't have any problems. Since it has a large area, you can easily create a space for yourself. It was really very pleasant, I'm sure we will come again and again. :) 133. Comment: All employees are smiling, professional and, most importantly, patient. In a word, we had a quality vacation. Thanks again I hope to see you again on the 134th. Comment: From the moment you enter the hotel, you begin to feel the quality, kindness, friendliness and excellent service. All staff strive to make you feel special, to ensure your comfort and provide excellent service. A very good hotel in terms of gastronomy, the food is very tasty, I would especially like to point out that the beach and swimming pools are the best in the region. I would like to thank Mrs. Nimet, Mrs. Dilek and Mr. Muzaffer for giving us this comfort. All the employees, whose names I cannot mention, do their best with great dedication to ensure that the guests have a nice vacation. I would like to thank the entire Lara Barut Collection family for making the organization run so seamlessly. I often hear the word "glad" from the employees of every 5-star hotel, but you feel that the employees at Barut say it from the heart. Thank you, see you again... 135. Comment: I stayed 4 days in this area for the first time and the hotel service was really great cuisine, super tasty staff, it was really good, good smile, the hotel was really clean. The animation team of the hotel and the activities they organize were really… 136. Comment: I tested this hotel for a week. Having tested quite a few premium products over the past few years, I definitely think it's a very nice entry-level premium category. |For the positive: |- The staff and service are top notch, everyone is… 137. Comment: If you want to have a good time, I definitely recommend it. 24/7 attention, kindness and sincerity of all employees, an environment where you will feel at home. We can say that the cocktails and the attention of our brother Furkan, who works at the logoon bar, were particularly effective in extending our vacation. May you always have great success with the cocktails you make. Thank you for everything. 138. Comment: Excellent hotel. Very good in every way. It's spotlessly clean, the food is amazing. The employees are friendly and caring. Great for kids. It is completely suitable for children. The sea is very beautiful and the pools are very large. Immaculate.