1. Yorum: I liked it. But they are a little short of five points because of the food - weak breakfasts and they serve french fries for dinner or breakfast, which were not finished during the day at the bar. And so almost everything is normal. 2. Comment: Very good hotel, friendly staff, delicious food. The views are incredible😍😍😍... 3. Yorum: I am writing this review even though our vacation is not over yet. As we have been spending our family summer vacations in the beautiful seaside places of our country for years and have stayed in many hotels, this is not the first time we have come across a hotel that was so careless and failed to maintain hygiene. I don't even want to mention the food because that's what other comments have written. It was necessary to eat, but my wife, daughter and mother had stomach discomfort, and we had to go to the intensive care unit. It is obvious that the hotel is not managed professionally. The ladies who cleaned our rooms were extremely friendly. Room cleaning was not bad. In the hotel where we stayed in two rooms, bathroom 623, where my mother and daughter stayed, had an incredible smell. I reported this situation to the check-in staff and the ETS tour guide and even asked to change the room. The problem was not solved. Plates, glasses, spoons, cutlery, etc. were all dirty. Although we have repeatedly warned him. The blue-clad wait staff was extremely spoiled and inexperienced. We would like to thank the waiters Ibrahim and Sinan for their interest and smiling faces. Also, the piece of the bag that came out of my rice pudding was a complete disgrace. We called the chef and explained the situation and all he said was sorry. I could accidentally eat this piece. As a result; The service industry, especially the hospitality industry, is a sector that requires a lot of attention and customer satisfaction should come first. The only minimum common element that all require is cleanliness. A hotel that fails in terms of cleanliness and food. The sea and sand are beautiful, there is nothing to talk about. However, we will NEVER choose the hotel again. I would never recommend it to those who prefer it. 4. Comment: The resort is worth recommending because of its location and lush vegetation. Direct access to the sea right next to the hotel. Very good service, quite strong alcohol, tasty beer. From the minuses, the animation is bad and, unfortunately, the food - breakfast, lunch is a disaster - dinner is okay. We all had food poisoning in a week. If food is important to someone, then I do not recommend it, but if someone does not pay attention to this, then the hotel is worth paying attention to. 5. Yorum: The staff is friendly, the cleaning in the room is bad, the bed linen was not changed, they brought new sheets and did not make them themselves, they were given to us, and we dressed them ourselves. They seem to clean every day, but sometimes they don't do it the way they think. The food is as described in the comments and even worse. The turkey is made all the time. The chicken has always been sweet so there is already a variety problem and they cook it with carrots and sugar for days and still no red meat. The food spoiled our stomachs. So, you have to value it according to the money you pay. We didn't have high expectations but the food was really bad. The beach is very nice and luckily the sea is rough. Drinks were average, no problem. There was no problem with parking. The activity is not enough, apparently the budget was not allocated for it. Employees are trying to satisfy customers as much as possible, but there is a general problem in the business. The location of the hotel is very good, it's a pity... 6. Comment: Located on a hill, at the very end of the peninsula. The beach is twenty meters away, along the paths from the hotel building. The beach is small, the descent into the water is gradual, but on the other side of the peninsula there are no waves and no bottom immediately. The pool is normal. There are many sunbeds and they are located in different places. The most important thing is that there is Internet EVERYWHERE on the territory of the hotel. The staff speaks English, Russian, Turkish, German, Polish and understands something else. It is better to take rooms from the second to the 5th floor, there is a better shower. On the sixth, the view is the best, but the showers are standard cabins. 7. Comment: Ideal hotel for those on a diet!!! The hotel is great in terms of location and beach, but we were always hungry during our vacation. There was no banana or strawberry to feed my little baby, she was always dry hard, no red meat even one day, fried turkey and rice every day, always the same food, potatoes for the baby in diner, I wanted to feed him but horrible person can't even fry - had terrible potatoes, they were very heavy, my child could never eat them, especially the lady who worked there was very rude. They made do with milk that I brought from home, it didn't taste anything, unfortunately pita bread was made only by a craftswoman, the dough was tasty and good, but the filling was not of high quality either. I would never choose just because the beach is beautiful. There is a public beach nearby, you can choose it together with the beach. There were also no activities for children. 8. Yorum: I booked a room and in the comments asked to give me a quiet room, without noise from the streets, and without discos, because sleep is sensitive. As a result, they were given a room near the elevator with a view of the access road to the reception. I immediately asked to change it, offered to pay extra - come tomorrow, the receptionist said. And sure enough, when I come "tomorrow" I see another employee who tells me to wait another 2 days. Meanwhile, locals are moving into the neighboring and quiet rooms 👍🏻 great service guys, keep it up! (Now the noise of the discotheque of the nearby hotel was added to the elevator and car noise - and it's almost midnight, apparently Turkey's noise laws don't work in hotels). Among the advantages of this hotel are delicious food in the restaurant, a beautiful beach and a responsible lifeguard on the 2nd beach, and of course nature. P. S. There is no normal coffee here, and the only chance for it is the Tchibo coffee maker. Which turned out to be broken 🤷🏻‍♀️ 9. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights, the sea is very nice, but the hotel has its drawbacks. First, we checked into the hotel at 2:15 p.m. We asked Ms. Yasemin at the front desk, could you please order a bowl of soup for our son from the restaurant? She said we can find Something for our son that only serves fast food. Thanks to him we couldn't find anything for the kid be humane even if the restaurant is closed it shouldn't be that hard to ask for a bowl of soup we didn't tell him to have a barbecue... Also, the day before we checked into the hotel, we checked if there was a baby cot, they said "yes, don't bring it". The new one was broken on the 2nd day, and the child could easily climb out of the crib. It is not appropriate for such simple items to be damaged by serving them to your guests broken! Also, their dishes consist of very little variety and an outdated menu so you can find it! With the exception of the lady at the front desk, the staff were generally friendly, small and cramped but clean. A hotel I will not choose again. 10. Yorum: I am writing from our last day, hotel location. The sea is very beautiful, surrounded by beautiful trees and nature, you can reach the sandy beach by going down a few stairs. We never ran out of sunbeds, there is plenty of food and drink, we never went hungry, our room was cleaned every day, the nurses on duty were very friendly and warm, perfect for anyone looking for a restful night's rest. Most of the guests were tourists, there were 2 Turkish families, but the staff, who paid more attention to foreign tourists and preferred them, did not leave a good impression to prefer again. 11. Yorum: First, we were very satisfied overall. There was no welcome at the first entrance, and it was lacking on the way out. The receptionist was a little cold. Also, the rooms were cleaned very well every day, Ms. Faiz was very attentive and cleaned regularly, we would like to thank you again. The waiters and bartenders were extremely nice and friendly. There was little variety in the food and the taste was average. In terms of evening activities, it was a bit inadequate. It had a much bigger and more beautiful garden than it appeared on the internet. You will definitely like the sandy sea and your own private beach. 12. Yorum: We enjoyed our stay at Incekum West. The hotel was nice and the staff were friendly. The animation team and activities were also fun. The only downside was the limited choice of food at meal times. The food was tasty, but some days lacked variety. The only other drawback was the limited level of spoken English from the staff, this is due to only receiving 1-2 groups of English speaking visitors per year, with the majority of guests being German or Russian. I would probably stay here again as an affordable option. 13. Yorum: Reporting from the hotel. If you, like us, want to relax in a quiet hotel with the sea and a pool surrounded by trees, definitely choose this hotel. One more thing to say about the food, we ate different meat dishes every day and it was very tasty. There are restaurants where you can eat at any time of the day. Employees must have been specially selected, everyone is very friendly. We would also like to thank our housekeeper Ms. Safiye because we always stayed in a clean room with her smiling face. We will definitely be here next year. 14. Yorum: We wanted to comment on the last day of our vacation in general. The location of the hotel is in a very good place, surrounded by nature, the trees are very beautiful, and we really liked the beach, there were no pebbles. The pool is quite large. The rooms are nice, clean enough. The employees are friendly and ready to help. In our opinion, the entertainment, animation and variety of food, especially desserts, are missing the most. 15. Comment: We were at the hotel at the end of June for the second time. The hotel has its pros and cons. The main plus is a wonderful beach and warm sea. You can always find free sunbeds. The second plus is a green area, you can always find a shadow. We had a sea view room and it was very quiet. Compared to last year, there were also pleasant changes - free towels and a safe, Turkish coffee, ice cream, and once they baked waffles. The main drawback is food. There are no complaints about the breakfast. But lunch and dinner ... Of course, we didn't stay hungry, but we ate deliciously 2 times in a week. There is no choice of hot dishes at all - fish with bones and pieces of chicken. You want to eat at least salads, but you're out of luck here, too. Everything is very spicy. For a great amateur. As our neighbor said, this is not a restaurant, but a dining room. There is absolutely no animation. Somewhere in the distance, a guy was passing by, but he didn't offer anything, neither water aerobics, nor contests, nothing. Several times in the evening there was karaoke, but it was weak. There is absolutely nothing for young people and children to do in the hotel. There is not even a children's room. I don't know if I will go to this hotel again, if there are no changes, then it is unlikely. The hotel is ideal for elderly people who are on a diet and like silence. 16. Yorum: We rested here from July 16 to 23. My husband and I really liked it. Quiet rest. The territory is green: palm trees, pine trees, clean and beautiful sea, fine sand and rocks. Music plays in the pool, there are several activities: exercise, darts, water polo, dances/discos/contests/karaoke in the evening. The food is normal. A large selection of fruits: apples, watermelons, grapes, oranges, peaches, apricots, cherries. In the morning, scrambled eggs, omelet, pancakes. During the day pasta, meat, fish. Dinner is the most interesting, they prepare something on the grill, a large selection of meat and fish, fruits, desserts. You will definitely not go hungry. In the afternoon, ice cream and waffles are served at the poolside bar, and tea and dessert are served in the lobby. The pool bar serves delicious Turkish coffee. As for alcohol, beer is the best, cocktails are delicious, but they are made from a mixture of locally produced vodka and gin. The rooms are clean and have everything except shampoo and slippers. The hotel staff is polite and friendly, they mainly spoke in English. When we left late at night, we were offered sandwiches, coffee and water. Thank you to this hotel for a good vacation and positive experience. From the minuses: somewhere in Utopia, the music plays very loudly until late at night and disturbs sleep 17. Yorum: I really recommend the hotel! The bay and beach are very beautiful, and the whole complex is a really nice size. Not a 5 star bunker where you have to sit down to dinner with 1000 people, but a cozy hotel with about <100 rooms. Everything is clean, the food is great, and the staff is friendly (even if they only speak limited English or Russian). However, both the chef and the artist speak German, willingly come in and always ready to chat. A real insider tip for this price range, we would love to come back :-) 18. Comment: Vacationed with my husband in the period 31.08-09.09. We really liked: • The hotel is very cozy, located 150 meters from the road. A green area, an oasis. • Very kind and attentive staff at the reception. • When we were checked in, the room was ready. Very clean. We were pleasantly surprised. • Kitchen/food: every day there is a choice of meat, fish, vegetables, fruits. And what a variety of desserts! During 10 days of rest, we did not have time to try all kinds of cakes and pastries. Something must be prepared for breakfast and dinner: omelette, pancakes, scrambled eggs in the morning; in the evening fish, meat, vegetables on the grill. • Entertainment: darts, table tennis, yoga, water polo. After 21:00, a cute girl-animator holds various contests in the hotel's amphitheater. Also, for those who want to pay off at the disco, the animator organized a trip to the neighboring cities: Side, Alanya. • The sandy beach is clean, located in a picturesque lagoon. The water in the sea is clean and warm. As the hotel owner said, the water temperature during our vacation was 27 degrees. There is also a terrace and a bar on the beach. In the bar, the chef prepares burgers and fries every day. Even if you didn't have time to have breakfast or lunch, you won't go hungry on the beach. • Terraces with a view of the sea - a separate picture of incredible beauty. • They did not swim in the pool. But there is a pool for adults and a children's pool. Recommendations for improvement: • Diversify side dishes for lunch and dinner. • The land view rooms are quite noisy due to the constant removal of garbage or. Since we slept with the window open, it was quite noisy. Definitely suitable for a relaxing family vacation. 19. Yorum: I stayed for 3 nights and 4 days. In front of the hotel there is a pool shaded by trees, it does not get too hot in the pool. It is good that there is no water in it, but when you go down 25-30 steps, there is a beach that is shared by 3 hotels and only 50 meters, the beach is shaded, and in the morning the sun does not flood the beach. As you look out to sea, to your left is the West Beach Bar, offering fries, meatballs, schnitzels and drinks while you sunbathe on a sun lounger on the pier. In general, the employees are attentive and friendly. I liked their food, grilled meat and fish every night. The negative points are that the tables in the restaurant part are too close, the rooms are small, there is no aquarium, apart from these, we were satisfied with the price and performance, I recommend this place. 20. Yorum: On our 4th day at the hotel, sea, sand and sun were all I was looking for. The sea and sand are very tasty. Quietness at night, competence of staff, cleanliness, comfort, etc. are quite good. As a person who has a lot of hotel experience, I can consider a top class hotel. Of course, there can be small problems with the all inclusive concept, I'm not a very good eater (I prefer a little variety, but tasty and hygienic). We did not experience any problems as a family with a 3-year-old child, everyone had a good time and rested. This makes sense for those who are not bothered by small problems, and the neighboring hotels are also large and serious hotels. You can't be mediocre in such a place, the staff is trained and knows their job. The location is very good, we stayed by the sea, away from the main road, quiet was important to me. 21. Comment: We were in the hotel with our 17-year-old son from July 2 to 9, 2024. This hotel has a gorgeous sea and nature, and for that you can forgive him everything. At the same time, we did not notice any critical loopholes. We had paid for an economy room, but we were given a standard room on the 4th floor with a view of the reception. The view is beautiful, you can see a little bit of the sea on the right, mountains and lots of greenery on the left. No additional payment was requested for the room. The room is beautiful, in my opinion recently renovated, there is a dryer, two chairs and a table on the balcony. Electricity works only when the card is inserted, one card is given. The air conditioner cools very well, at first we were freezing with it on and off, until we guessed to set 28 degrees and the minimum mode and it became comfortable, it works quietly. The choice of food is not great, but what is there is mostly tasty. For breakfast, they prepare an omelet with additives, glaze, and pancakes. They are grilling something for dinner. There are two soups for lunch and dinner, I mostly ate white soup, except once it was delicious. I didn't like the fish. There is almost always something from eggplant, delicious grilled peppers and more. Desserts are so-so in my opinion. Watermelon is delicious for breakfast and dinner, apples and apricots are delicious for lunch, and occasionally grapes and oranges. For dinner, the biggest choice was several times given a cherry. The beach bar is open from 10 am to 4 pm as a snack bar, hamburgers, fries, nuggets, pizza, etc. From 16 to 18 it's just a bar, then it's an a la carte restaurant, and after 21 there's a disco. The pool bar serves ice cream every other day, waffles are baked every other day, it says from 15 to 18, in fact from 16 and ends earlier. They make cocktails, Pinot Colada, Mahito, Sex on the Beach, Blue Lagoon, Baileys Cocktail, Milk Shake for children and non-alcoholic cocktails listed above. To taste when and how. Turkish coffee is made in the bar at the reception. The sea is gorgeous, you can enter the perfectly level sand in the lagoon where there is no wind and practically no waves, or you can go down the stairs immediately to the depth with waves and wind. For lovers of long swims, it is an ideal option, the buoys are far away and you can swim along the buoys in both directions, I think there are definitely 300 meters, and then the buoys end and the unlimited space along the deserted shore begins. We did not notice any currents, countercurrents or other troubles, if you hang in one place admiring the beauty of the shore, you will most likely wake up in the same place, unless a wave moves 5 meters. We did not notice the animation, although there is a schedule of daily activities hanging in the elevator. In the evening, there was only a disco at the bar on the beach, there were no organized shows, and the animators were not seen either. Cleaning was done every day, although we always had a quiet hour when we were resting from the heat in the room. The towels were changed only when I put them on the floor on the 5th day, the bedding was not changed, maybe it should also be thrown on the floor... There is so much greenery in the hotel that you can always find shade even in the heat. Next to the pool bar is a terrace with great views and coolness even during the day. Beach towels are given as a deposit of 5 euros, you can change them whenever you need, the deposit is returned upon departure. There is a free safe in the room. The hotel has a photographer who takes beautiful photos and photoshops them, the photo session is free, one photo is $1. In other hotels, I did photo sessions, but in fact I chose 2-3 photos, but here I liked all 50 photos... They made a discount for the volume. Wi-Fi works throughout the territory and is quite good. It took 2.10 hours from the airport, with a 15-minute stop, and our hotel was the sixth. However, our hotel was the second last to be taken back. Overall, we liked the hotel and I would come back again. 22. Comment: Alanya is a great hotel for relaxation. It is not known that there is a lush garden, a sea pool, great food. The staff is wonderful, attentive to purchases, does not allow to take out anything that she does not eat at home, everything is of high quality. 23. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, there is a private beach right next to the sea and sunbeds. As a plus for me, half the pool is surrounded by trees and the shade means I don't get sunburned. A private sandy bay surrounded by beautiful trees provides shade for up to 12 hours. The food is not bad compared to hotel food. There are 6 types of meals, with each meal hamburgers, fries and nuggets are available from 11am to 4pm. The hotel administration is a little weak, the staff is lacking and inexperienced. I wouldn't choose 24 again. Yorum: The hotel is perfectly secluded, the only thing annoying there is a pleasure boat that constantly entered the bay, so it was impossible to swim out behind the barrier. The food was fresh and varied every day... there was something for everyone, the staff in the restaurant were extremely friendly and dedicated. It was necessary to ensure that the plate was not taken away, so the employees tried so hard to make sure everything was in order. Maybe because a lot of hotel guests just took more than they could eat, which I personally always thought was the worst. The room service was good, the only complaint I have is that the dirty towels were only changed when pointed out. The front desk staff were partly dedicated and partly not. The boss and managers were also very friendly and nice. 25. Yorum: To be honest, I don't understand by what criteria the bad comments were made. Hotel location, food, beach, pool, everything was good. I would like to mention the sea separately, it is absolutely perfect. There is one issue that I would like to touch on in particular, and that is the employees. Everyone, from the gardener to the waiter, does their job perfectly. I will only say that there is a little lack of entertainment. If you are looking for a quiet place to relax, this could be a great option. 26. Comment: The kitchen is dirty, the food is very poor and monotonous. Dirty plates and cutlery. The cakes and desserts looked pretty, but that's it. The food is served poorly. The yogurts we need for our bacterial flora were served in bowls - no one knows what was mixed in there!!! Out of 5 passengers, 4 of them fell ill, including a child. Severe diarrhea and vomiting. There was also a visit to the hospital. Three days removed from my life. It's a waste of your health and time for this hotel. Many people were in the same situation as us. A very large number of diseases. One of the hotel's clients was sick for 5 days out of 7 days of stay - a nightmare. I do not recommend the hotel. There is nothing worse than going on vacation and not being able to enjoy the attractions and relax 27. Yorum: We rested for 4 nights and 5 days with a 1.5-year-old child. First of all, this is a full price hotel. You should definitely take this into account. The greenery of the hotel, the hotel and most importantly, in our opinion, the own beach are very beautiful. The beach is our red line for most families with children. Hotel Incekum West is very close and its own beach is very nice. We found the hotel and our room to be generally clean. You can say that the food did not meet expectations and habits, but you can also say that it is a lot of money, it is a lot of meatballs. For example, we have never seen red meat. But there was fish every day. A hot breakfast may not be enough. Overall it was delicious, but like fried chicken the day before and chicken soup the next day. This example happens often. I can say that there is no animation after dinner or by the pool during the day. One day there was live music. We didn't participate in it because we liked its style. The most positive thing for us is the price and the waveless clean sea itself👍🏻 overall we were satisfied. 28. Comment: Very suitable for a family holiday, the staff is friendly, the rooms are clean. The location is great, being in nature. The only downside is the lack of food, snacks and opportunities for activity. Parking is sufficient. Can rate 7.5/10 29. Yorum: We came to the hotel because of its location despite the comments and we're glad it's a great view, attentive staff and we can't make any bad comments about the food, especially the grilled sea bass today was very good... Our Friday exit, I congratulate the whole team, they have done everything that is very relevant... 30. Comment: We rested in the middle of May. The hotel is great! Literally everything is good. The territory is drowned in greenery, you are as if in a botanical garden, beaches - for every taste. The staff is very friendly, any problem was solved instantly. Everywhere in the hotel is perfectly clean. Excellent new rooms. You must, of course, take one with a view of the sea. Food is in full order - varied and tasty: excellent vegetable and meat dishes, fish every day, ice cream. The hotel is perfect for a quiet, relaxing vacation, young people may be bored because there is no animation. Although animators also start working in June. We really liked our vacation, definitely recommend it. 31. Yorum: Nice hotel, located near the beach, with its own pool and plenty of sunbeds. A variety of food, something for everyone and a large selection of drinks in the bars. 32. Yorum: We returned yesterday from our family vacation during Eid al-Adha. Everything was very good, the food was great and it was delicious. It's obvious that the staff are friendly and do their best to make you happy. The rooms are very clean. The variety of dishes is very good. They chose the same thing for two years. But it would be ideal if cold varieties of coffee were additionally added. :) 33. Comment: The hotel has a great location. All the staff are very nice and friendly. The audience is mainly Russian, and the hotel has adapted accordingly. Animation is not offered, but we did not miss it either. Our highlight was visiting the a la carte restaurant, delicious food with a beautiful sunset was very beautiful. We had a quiet and relaxing 10 days and would definitely come back again. 34. Yorum: We rested as a family in June, we were very satisfied with the hotel, everything is clean and beautiful, the rooms are clean and not tired, clean towels, the rooms are cleaned every day. Super nice staff, cozy atmosphere, top notch cuisine! Everyone will find food to their taste, fresh fruit for children! First line by the sea, beautiful and well-kept territory! 35. Comment: The room is not bad, the advantage is that guests have a kettle and a small refrigerator. There is not much food, which means that the quality of the food is much better. The sea is clean and warm. The service is very pleasant, smiling and helpful. The only big minus is the lack of animation. There is nothing but soft music. There is no animation. And the second minus is that there are many Russians there and they also play Russian music 36. Yorum: In general, the hotel was very comfortable, there was not much animation, since the performance was only in the evening, but you can go to the disco with animators every day. A beautiful view of the sea, a sandy beach, a place for snorkeling near the rocks. I can wholeheartedly recommend this hotel 37. Yorum: We have been to different countries but you can hardly believe what happens here with only two dishes and for lunch we had tomato soup the same soup with a little chicken and then it was announced as chicken soup..Absolutely not of choice, and the same thing every day.. Now we always eat out. 38. Yorum: This is a full hotel, the view, the sea, don't expect much variety of food, but the food is very tasty. Especially high quality services for the money you pay. We are already on the second day of our 4-day stay. If you ask us if we would come again, our answer is a definite YES. We would also like to thank Ms. Feiza who cleaned our rooms during our vacation, Ms. Melike at Sibar and Mr. Yahya, the manager. 39. Comment: A very nice place to relax. The hotel has everything you need. The variety of dishes is not very large, but everything is very tasty. The cleanliness is really good, the staff work hard in the kitchen and elsewhere, and you are served very quickly. The hotel itself is of medium size, the complex and the beach are beautiful and large. It is located on the bay and the water was crystal clear for us in June. I think very few hotels have such a beautiful bay. The price-quality ratio is very good. We can recommend the hotel with a very clear conscience. Unfortunately the cocktails were bad but we didn't care, we drank something else instead. A massage at the spa is also highly recommended. Very good workers, with very good knowledge in this field. And the price is also very fair. You can get about an hour of massage for less than €40. We will be back. 40. Yorum: From the 3rd day, I report that it is very pleasant and desirable. Although the location of the hotel, the sea and the food were excellent, the staff were extremely nice and friendly. I would also like to thank Ms. Zehra and Ms. Remzieh for their smiling faces and interest. This was a hotel we would choose again. 41. Yorum: I was very pleased with the Incekum West Hotel, where I went with a group of 20 friends. The location is very good. There are both dark and open seas. Its area is very wide. The hotel is surrounded by greenery and flowers. The staff are friendly and promptly fulfill your requests. All rooms are very nice and comfortable, most of them have a sea view. I'm thinking of going again. I recommend it to everyone. Thank you West Hotel and its friendly staff. 42. Comment: Strong 4. Well organized hotel. Pros Good location and lots of shade around Tasty food and good drinks, very good pool bar Efficient friendly service Nice beach, good entrance to clear water Cons Rooms are small but cleanliness is ok Staff's English is bad but they are very friendly Only 1 elevator and sometimes you wait and wait Reception is a bit weak if you need something a bit far from shops and so called civilization but for 1 euro you get to avsallar where you have it Overall the hotel and beach were ok. It's not 5 stars but if the price is right you can go for it. I was satisfied. AI 3600 for 2 people with a small child per week, beginning June 2024. 5,000 would have to be paid for Croatia. 1,500 zlotys for transportation, 2,000 zlotys for accommodation and 1,500 zlotys for food. Well, 3600 on an all inclusive plane with good food and good drinks is fine. 43. Yorum: In general, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We liked it very much. It leaves a lot to be desired, especially when it comes to the price. The hotel room was very nice and clean. Unfortunately, 2 of the 4 outlets were not working, but that didn't matter to us. The water and the territory of the hotel are an absolute dream! In addition, you always get a seat near the water, even if the hotel is fully booked. The food was okay, sometimes very tasty and sometimes just mediocre. This hotel is not suitable for vegetarians, the meat is mostly very tasty. The food on the beach was bad, so we recommend going to the main restaurant during your lunch break. The drink cups on the beach are also very scratched and not quite clean. Some remnants of the print floated in the drink. It is advisable to bring your own cup. We were disappointed that almost no one in the hotel spoke English. In addition, there was no briefing during check-in, as is the case in other hotels. I had to research everything myself. Ice cream at the pool bar is available from 16:00, unfortunately we only found out on the penultimate day. Despite the communication issues, the staff were always very friendly and helpful. 44. Yorum: The hotel is perfectly located in a bay with a beautiful sandy beach and an additional descent from a stone terrace for snorkelers and those who do not like the ubiquitous sand. Alanya is about 30 km away (30 minutes by bus from the hotel - 5 euros for 2 people), and Antalya is 1.5-2 hours by car. The highway runs next to the hotel, so, unfortunately, you can hear noise almost all the time. The rooms are clean, medium in size. I do not recommend a room with a view of the mainland (very noisy: road noise, discos from a nearby hotel until midnight and delivery to the hotel). The room with a sea view is definitely quieter. I recommend the exchange. It cost us about 20 euros per day (land to sea). Food was good: breakfast is the same every day, lunch is normal, dinner with grilled meat is excellent. A small selection of fruits. The service is pleasant, helpful, not intrusive, but unfortunately they don't speak English very well - communication problems 45. Comment: A very nice hotel with a balcony and air conditioning, cleaned every day. A variety of food, something new every day, near the hotel (you have to go down the stairs), free sunbeds and umbrellas, the Internet works perfectly - it just doesn't reach the beach - many trees, bushes and various plants, surrounded by a beautiful rock. There are local shops near the hotel, you can buy everything. 46. Yorum: We booked the hotel quite cheaply (taking into account the travel time in the high season in June) and therefore may not notice one or two small things. Overall, we'd say: good for the price. THE SEA The sea right in front of the door is definitely the highlight of this hotel. Past the pool, which is beautifully nestled among the trees, you descend a few steps to the beach or pier. Every day we found a place on the sunbeds, as well as an umbrella. Sunbed cushions make plastic sunbeds more comfortable, but they get very hot in the sun. Be sure to bring big enough towels or rent them from the hotel for a €5 deposit. The sea is crystal clear 80% of the days and great for swimming. Sometimes, depending on the current, trash also floats in the bay. BEACH HOSPITALITY Unfortunately, in our opinion, the hospitality on the beach was poor. There are only soft drinks and beer and hamburgers with dry buns, nuggets and soggy fries every lunch. I didn't find anything vegetarian on the beach other than fries and small pieces of dough (which are sometimes very tasty, sometimes completely soggy, depending on the day) during my entire vacation. You used to have to walk back up the stairs to get your cocktails, but when it's 35-40 degrees, you think twice about that… But we still recommend the lunchtime route, as the lunch buffet upstairs offers much more choice than the snack bar. on the beach COMMUNICATION The hotel is mainly visited by Russians, Lithuanians and Germans. However, most of the staff only speak Turkish or only basic English. Therefore, no one could help us with questions. So it took me 4 days to find out when and where ice cream is available (only once a day for a few minutes by the way...). Unfortunately, the arrival briefing has been canceled accordingly. No one told us where to find the restaurant, what the hours are, or how to get to the pool, beach, or gym. There is no menu, no food or drinks... The personal approach that we usually know from Turkey was less present here. THE ROOM The room was great. The TV had virtually all German channels. The balcony is small, but normal. If you don't have a sea view, look at the hotel entrance. Cleanliness was good. However, the toilet flush was stuck, the sink didn't drain well, we also only had ice cold water in the shower, the TV remote didn't work properly and the rooms are very noisy. The beds can be pushed together. Fortunately, the air conditioning worked very well. On the other hand, the elevator was always waiting due to low capacity (max. 5 people). The internet was a disaster. HOTEL The hotel's equipment is nothing special. The gym is bad. There are very few devices, some of them are so rusty that they can no longer be adjusted in height. The pool was very clean. Public toilets, on the other hand, are not. We did not find such a tennis court as advertised on "Chek 24", but we did find a table for table tennis. Darts and pool sports are also offered once a day. The facility is well designed with lots of greenery, constantly watered and maintained. BUFFET RESTAURANT I would like a better selection of food in general. Vegetarians don't have to be picky, as most days they only eat the hot option, otherwise they have to eat a salad. There were only 2 bottles of water of 0.5 liters in the room, and the rest had to be drunk from ordinary plastic containers of 0.2 liters. I find it very impractical for the beach. — CONCLUSION If you can overlook this or that, we can recommend a hotel. We had a very good time, especially because of the beautiful bay. 47. Yorum: At your hotel where we spent 3 nights and 4 days with a group of 18 women; The location of the hotel, its concept of "ultra all inclusive" and its managers who welcome you warmly; To the services, administrators, who made us feel at home, to your cooks, who gave us the opportunity to taste the most delicious dishes, "Do you have any other wishes?" On my own behalf, I would like to thank your waiters, who are constantly asking, and your housekeepers, who are responsible for cleaning the rooms, for their interest. Thank you for your hands and efforts. 48. Yorum: We had a short stay, but all parts of the hotel are very clean. I would also like to thank the hotel staff for their attention. Food and drinks are very tasty and beautiful. 49. Yorum: We were extremely pleased with the friendliness of the staff during our stay at the hotel. Opr. Manager p. Savash, resp. We would like to thank Mr. Yahya, Ms. Safiye who cleaned our rooms, Ms. Remzieh and Seela who served us tea in the lobby and all the staff. 50. Yorum: I left the hotel yesterday and the staff was friendly, the beach was sandy, although I hesitated to other guests who warn about the food in the comments, we had enough, we were not hungry. We only had orange Peking duck, foie gras or black. I do not recommend to friends who are going to wait for caviar. 51. Comment: Excellent!!! We came back here after a 5 year break and it's great again. 1. Beautiful nature, a well-kept garden and a private sandy beach, and on the other hand - access to the sea and the possibility of diving... Warm, crystal clear water. 2. Beautiful and clean rooms thanks to the excellent work of Mrs. FAYZE. She is a very nice person and always smiling. 3. Restaurant service. We are impressed by the work and kindness of Mr. ALI FUATA CESUR and the entire team. At the beginning of the season, we watched the progress of the youngsters day by day under the supervision of experienced people. They were always helpful and friendly. 4. Kitchen. The food is tasty, varied and well presented. Many fresh vegetables, fruits, hot and cold dishes, barbecue, delicious, freshly baked pidesha. Desserts... We consider unjustified thoughts that there is not enough food. Of course, we have been to places where there were mountains of food, but is that the point? We are very positive about the work of the Kuchnia team. 5. We appreciate the efforts to create an art program. 6. Pleasant and open reception. The work of the ENTIRE HOTEL TEAM contributed to making this time wonderful. Thank you Incekum West Hotel! Room 215 52. Yorum: Hello, the two of us were here for 5 days. It must be said that it was on the verge. (July 2024) Advantages: beautiful hotel complex, cleanliness, friendly staff, WiFi throughout the complex, private beach with free umbrellas and sunbeds. Disadvantage: the hotel does not offer any animation or entertainment. In the evening there is a small disco where only Russian music is played. Young people will be very bored here. There are also small bazaars outside the hotel complex, but nothing else nearby. The playlist works by the pool all day. It feels like only Russian music is playing, because 95% of the visitors are from Russia. There is no drink list in the bars, and the employees hardly speak English. More Russian than English or German. No waiters to bring drinks by the pool/beach. The biggest minus is the food, the choice is very limited... there are 2-3 main dishes. It is the same to eat 1 dish of meat (poultry) and 1 fish every day. There was no beef on any day, only minced meat. For example, 1st day a pie with minced meat, 2nd day a pie with cheese, 3rd day a pie with sausage, 4th day a pie with vegetables, 5th day a pie with mushrooms... Food is only available at certain times, not 24 hours a day. This means that if you haven't had lunch/dinner, you don't have a chance to eat anything between meals. So you are forced to partake in the meal. At night, you can eat soup and everything. The breakfast is the same every day, the only change of the breakfast is the sootsuk with an egg or grilled vegetables, the rest is identical and unchanged. I don't know what a cook's job is. It's like a dining room. The air conditioner in the room cannot be adjusted by temperature? It is always set to a very cold temperature. I tried setting it to 28 degrees, but it didn't get warmer. In short, I do NOT recommend this hotel if you are young and looking for entertainment and good/variety food. Unless you're only there for 2-3 days... But if you want peace and quiet, don't want to do anything and just eat to your fill. Then you are definitely here. 53. Comment: The location of the hotel is good, the stairs leading to the beach are careful. They helped us solve issues related to our child. The food is good. Room cleaning is good, we especially thank Ms. Faiz. 54. Yorum: I'm in the hotel now. There is no place to park the car. They have private parking lots, but we Turks are not allowed. The employees are friendly, I think the managers don't like Turks very much. With the money you give here, you will become the King of Pegasus. 55. Yorum: My wife and I spent 9 days at this hotel in mid-May and can't understand the negative reviews here: The building may have just been renovated, but overall it felt well-kept and modern. The rooms are clean and lovely and to be honest you are usually only there to shower and sleep ;) All rooms have a small balcony and a great view of the sea away from the trees. Friendly and prompt service, in fact all the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The buffet is great, a variety of food and if you are not a picky eater you can always find something. The confectionery buffet is always very luxurious. The hotel complex itself is not God knows what size, but it is well planned. There are sun loungers by the pool for sun lovers, but there are also plenty of shady spots under the trees for those who don't like it too hot. If you really want to look for something negative, it would be the disco on the eastern edge of the peninsula, where the music is relatively loud in the evenings, but is turned down/silenced no later than 11pm. The somewhat distant location between the two cities has its pros and cons: If you're looking for shopping and nightlife, you're definitely in the wrong place. There is a small shopping center about a 20 minute walk to the east, or you can catch a bus to one of the surrounding towns. However, if you want to spend a relaxing holiday and explore the surrounding area on day trips, we can recommend this hotel. 56. Yorum: We spent a very pleasant vacation with friendly and young staff in a family atmosphere. We were very pleased with our daughter Ramsier in the lobby, our daughter Syla and all the young staff in the dining area. We would like to thank Ms. Safia who cleaned our floor, thank you Mr. Kenan who made the fish grills, thank you for your efforts. Clearly a happy, loving and respectful team here. I congratulate the founder of the team. 57. Yorum: Location and staff are great. I would like to thank Ramzia in the lobby, Sila, the floor cleaner, Mr. Yahya and all the canteen staff, I would like to thank All of them for creating a family environment for us. I would also like to thank the hotel manager, Mr. Savash, for his interest and concern. 58. Yorum: All the staff and chefs were very friendly and attentive during our stay. The staff, Remzieh and Zehra, were very caring and polite, we drank Turkish coffee from their hands and it was wonderful🤍 the sea was very clean, the food was very good, the rooms were very clean, we were very satisfied. 59. Yorum: There is no problem with the hotel, but I called the hotel and they gave me a ridiculous price to force me to book with the travel companies. It's funny how the travel industry gives lower prices when you do it cheaper. booking from the hotel. 60. Yorum: Hi, my wife and I stayed for 4 days with our 9 month old baby, we were hesitant to come but we had a lot of fun. Friendly and caring staff rooms are clean The sea is sandy and has its own bay, clean The pool is clean and quite big Delicious food, breakfast included Quiet hotel without chaos We would like to thank our sister, the room cleaner on the 5th floor, Ms. Ali, the beach bar staff, for their interest and success, they always made us smile, they are perfect as a team and will be get the money you pay for service, good rest 👍 61. Yorum: We are currently vacationing here at the İncekum West Hotel and we really like it. We have a 5 year old son and he is doing very well here. The service is excellent and we have to give a big shout out to Zehra and Ramsier who were very attentive and friendly. The hotel is definitely worth it. Kaplan family 62. Yorum: I would like to thank each of you for the interest you have shown in us, for all your services, for the sincerity and reliability of your staff and for making us feel special every moment of our 4-day vacation. Stay healthy and calm 🤗👏👏👏👏 I would also like to thank Ms. Faiz 🤗🥰 63. Yorum: NEVER AGAIN THIS HOTEL. I DO NOT RECOMMEND. Better to spend a little money and get something nice. I felt like I was on vacation with the Russians. Zero animation. At 11 p.m., life stopped. The location and photographer are AWESOME. FOOD,,,MASSIVE!!!! 64. Yorum: Very nice and nice hotel place good food good service they don't expect tip We gave because they earn very little I will add that it is two hours to drive from the airport. We recommend 65. Yorum: The nature is very beautiful, the rooms are nice, the sea is wonderful, the staff is warm and caring, Hakan from Karaman, Zehra from Kayseri. Thanks to all the staff and all friends from Ankara for their help and kindness. 66. Yorum: The location and place are great, the snack is very good, I would prefer a nice hotel. 67. Yorum: We stayed for 4 nights, ate, drank, bathed and rested very well, one evening there was even live music, we had a little fun. Thank you for everything. 68. Yorum: The hotel is in a beautiful location with rocky plateaus and a beautiful sandy beach. Not a party hotel. There are enough sunbeds and umbrellas everywhere. 69. Yorum: We were satisfied with the service of West Hotel and all the staff, especially Ms. Zehra in the restaurant, Ms. Ramzieh in the lobby bar, thank you very much, you can choose again, thank you West Hotel staff. 70. Comment: Nice hotel, nice territory. Very bad guide from Anex tour, Ilmira. Cunning and obsessive + her excursions are all 35% more expensive. We do not recommend even listening to it. 71. Comment: The hotel is very good. This is a good location. The sea is great. Thanks to Ms. Ramsey who works in the lobby for her friendly face and service. 72. Comment: The staff is very attentive, friendly, the cleaning in the room is excellent, it is cleaned every day. The air conditioners work perfectly, the rooms are cold. The bathroom is very useful. Let's come to the hotel, the pool is very good and sufficient, you need to leave your towel earlier to take a sunbed. Local liquor is plentiful and you can buy as much as you want (all inclusive). Fish swim on the bottom of the beach, which has its own dark, perfect sand. The sea is crystal clear here, and you can swim with children without fear. The only drawback of the hotel is a limited range of dishes, and on other days there is meat. For some reason, the fish has nothing below the middle half of its body. Desserts are sufficient and tasty. This is a quiet hotel, there is not much animation and active recreation, it is ideal for rest. 73. Yorum: My husband and I spent a week in this hotel. So I can't understand the bad reviews some people are giving here. The complex is beautiful, very quiet, perfect for couples who want peace and quiet as there are few children. Therefore, it is not suitable for children. The food is always fresh and we, as vegetarians, have a lot to choose from. The staff is always trying. 74. Yorum: The hotel is good for the economy category, this time we had the task of relaxing as economically as possible and at the same time well! The hotel did a great job with this task! Pros: the presence of a beautiful beach near the hotel! The beach is simply great: there are very few people, there are always free sunbeds, such a bay among the rocks, maximally protected from waves, regardless of the weather, it is very convenient for children to swim, fine, sand - the scenery is very beautiful! The territory of the hotel itself is full of greenery, there is a pier and a stone embankment, the views of the sea are wonderful! Cons: food! To be specific: if you are on the right diet, it will be very difficult to stay full! I was especially outraged that there is no protein at all at breakfast, there is no meat, only sausages and sausage of terrible quality, and they don't even give scrambled eggs and omelets every day!!! Horror! For several days during the week we were on vacation, the only eggs we had were boiled eggs, and that was all the protein we could get for breakfast. In the rest, 6 types of olives, a bunch of all kinds of rolls and bread and other carbohydrates. The concept of "all inclusive" also completely failed to live up to its expectations - between the main meals it is impossible to get any healthy food, not even an elementary apple for a child - one fast food, hamburgers, French fries and various types of cookies are offered. In general, tin. For lunch and dinner, the only adequate side dishes were rice, stewed vegetables were not available every day, and the worst thing was the lack of normal meat or fish. In general, we found something to eat, but there was little pleasure. Our friend was seriously poisoned by desserts at the hotel, he had to be hospitalized. We, thank God, did not eat these desserts at all! Another downside is the very small rooms and the tiny bathroom, which has a very small shower cabin. But a gorgeous view of the sea and the sunrise from the balcony. We took a room with a sea view! The service itself is also disgusting. The staff is not at all aimed at creating comfort and assistance for hotel guests. The hotel doctor is generally very terrible. You can't even call her a doctor! When our friend with the most severe poisoning turned to the hotel doctor (with maximum insurance), she first of all does not speak English, at all, she could not even talk to an employee of the insurance company on the phone, I had to act as a translator, and then she saw only an opportunity receiving money from very expensive insurance and provided NO help to our friend! I called some other doctor, he arrived in an hour and a half and also recommended that you go to the pharmacy yourself and buy some vague medicines according to the list! It all ended with the fact that we contacted the insurance company once again and our friend was rushed to the hospital. There he was given proper medical care. Let me remind you that this severe poisoning was caused precisely by the fault of the hotel. The friend ate only in the hotel, neither we nor our friend drank alcohol in principle. 75. Comment: The rooms are small, but clean. Beds are a disaster. The beach is super beautiful. The whole hotel seems very well maintained. Unfortunately, the food is not very good. Little variety, little choice, only salad for dinner for vegetarians. There were 2 waiters who stood out for their friendliness. Otherwise, the work was done, but not particularly dedicated. 76. Comment: An excellent hotel of its category. A beautiful area immersed in greenery, surrounded by pine and palm trees. Stunning view of the sunset. You can take a lot of flight photos. There are few people with children in the hotel, maybe for whom it will be a plus 😄. The rooms are small, but cozy, I advise you to take a room with a view of the sea. Cleaning is normal. As for the food, of course there are no super salty foods here, but everything is delicious (personally, I am a very capricious person in terms of food). The desserts are good. As for alcohol, beer and wine are of good quality. But the cocktails are so-so, it is better to take paid ones. Payment in euros. Everything is fine, but I recommend taking into account the fact that there is practically nothing nearby except for other hotels and a couple of shops. Therefore, direct party people may not fit here. But if you want a cool vacation, without screaming children and unnecessary fuss, this is the place for you. 77. Yorum: Let me talk about the good aspects first: the location of the hotel is good, the view is good, the landscape is good, the housekeeping is good, the pool is clean. A purely family hotel, no insults, few people who shouldn't be around, most were Russian and German tourists. The food is not bad, don't expect red meat, but the number of varieties and taste is sufficient for this segment, you won't go hungry, and the ready-made buffet is eaten right away, so you don't avoid eating. It is not watched much, but if someone likes it, most channels on TV work. Wifi reception is good, it works everywhere including the garden and as far as I understand they limit the speed to 10mbps per person, you can say it is enough for business and entertainment, you have to go to your room and TR ID information. This is normal for safety reasons. As for the negatives: The rooms are very small, you can't fit 2 people next to each other, think about it this way. At least that's what we were given, I don't know if the square meters are different in the same segment. For Wi-Fi, I had to refresh the login on my devices every day, maybe every day the system kicks you out, you have to log in again. The beach is beautiful; but it is very little. It shares a small beach with a nearby hotel. That's why you have to hide. It would not be an exaggeration to say that there is no activity in the hotel. There is no food, no pool, no sea until you wake up in the morning and go to bed at night, the hotel is known to die. The most you can do is drink tea and coffee and sit in the garden. Disco, entertainment, dancing, shows, etc. there is no First, only a children's disco and karaoke were opened. Alcoholic drinks are very bad, I would believe them if they said that they use flavorings in beer, add a lot of acid and pass off water as beer, it is so sour and non-alcoholic. The pool bar said we were going to take out after 11pm, I thought we had to pay for something decent, but they said 1 shot of tequila was €5 so I declined. 5 shots cost a bottle anyway, it's extremely expensive. In other words, there is no atmosphere, no place, no entertainment, you buy a tequila or whiskey that money bought, sit on a chair in the garden and drink it, it shouldn't be that expensive. Finally, coming to the most important question: there is no standard among the staff, some are very good, some are very bad, there is no in between. While the bartender at the beach bar is very polite, chatty, asks how you're doing and asks you to come again, the bartender at the pool bar makes you a drink while staring at you, as if to say don't come, neither wishing you well, nor the success that meets your wishes. (He tried it more than once) Again, while some waiters and busmen in the restaurant mock themselves by asking, "Would you like a drink or any requests, sir?", our gray-haired brother in the blue shirt, with a high rank, can many times look at your desk, I mean there's no staff between them. We had to leave 1 day early because of these negative aspects, especially the behavior of the staff. Of course, it was not a parting with a curse. To sum up, we can't say it's a bad hotel, we can't say we'd want to go there again, it's all a matter of needs. 78. Comment: This hotel shares a cozy bay with its neighbor, but this does not interfere with vacationers. The territory has everything you need. If you need more, there is a store nearby. The beach is wonderful. Even if there are waves on the sea and a red flag is hung in the bay, the water is calm and clear. The pool is cool and clean. Kitchen, bar, garden... everything pleases. Now a teaspoon of tar: When converting a two-seater inomer into a three-seater by adding a folding bed (which is durable and convenient, by the way), the position of the double bed shifts, which makes the placement of sconces and switches inconvenient - a couple of times, when trying to get out of bed, I firmly pressed my head against the steel frame lamp But this is a trifle that does not spoil a pleasant stay at the hotel. 79. Comment: My wife and I stayed at this all-inclusive hotel for 8 days and 7 nights. 4 stars as a hotel. There are both pros and cons. Even though it's in a quiet location, it's quite disturbing that it's on the Akdeniz Kordon highway and you can hear the sounds of cars at night because the balcony door is open. He has a mixed clientele. Neat and organized about cleaning. Employees are friendly and responsive. They all do their work neatly and neatly. They try to do everything possible to immediately compensate for the shortcomings. I would especially like to thank Mr. Yahya in the restaurant service for his interest and care. It would be better if the rooms were a little bigger. It's a pity that the safe costs 2 euros per day. The food was good, tasty and savored for the first three days. Since it repeats itself after three days and there is no red meat, it gets boring after a while. It wouldn't hurt to evaluate the dishes the next day. Small snacks and drinks during lunch are great. There are enough umbrellas and umbrellas. There is a small sandy bay and a swimming pool. A little worryingly, seawater sometimes contains leaves. It is nice to have a quiet and private place for two people to relax with a beautiful view of the sea in the evenings. There is a small pool and entertainment areas for children. There is entertainment on several evenings. In the evenings, we did not experience any attractions. The sounds of attractions and discotheques from nearby hotels disturb. Overall rating of the hotel: Except for the attitude of the boss, Denise is ideal for individuals or families who want to eat and relax. The services received according to the prices are simply excellent. I cannot but make footnotes regarding a question that worries us a lot. As I found out later, he is the owner of the hotel. Someone who didn't even say hello to local customers didn't go unnoticed. It is especially noticeable that he does not greet us many times, even when he passes us or even when we have seilogs with us on the beach. His arrogance and condescending behavior and attitude towards other people make customers like us feel that we are not welcome in the hotel, that we are not welcome at all and that we are being discriminated against. To see how people are treated like this in our country, especially if that person is the boss of the hotel where you are staying. What a pity. Would we stay at this hotel again? You will have to think twice. It is not very difficult to be humble, humble and kind. He can take an example from his employees. Sincerely 80. Yorum: We spent a good, pleasant vacation. Thank you to the housekeeper, Mrs. Faiz, for her kind thoughts. 81. Comment: A hotel for pensioners, on the outskirts of a village without infrastructure. There's nowhere to go out in the evening. It takes 15-20 minutes by bus to the nearby village with shops and cafes. The territory of the hotel is excellent - picturesque, beautiful landscaping, many free sunbeds located in different places - on the pier, beach, slope. There are several "bungalows". The food is decent, decent for four. Every day there are variations of turkey and chicken with vegetables, a lot of greens, fruits. For dinner - grilled (the same chicken, twice a week there was fish and once lamb). There is a bar on the beach, they cook burgers and tortillas. Livers are distributed at 4 p.m. a lot of fish (they don't even hurt to bite your legs). If the room overlooks the surroundings, listen to loud music from neighboring hotels until 0 o'clock. 82. Comment: Budget hotel. Apart from the territory and the beautiful sea, there is nothing good there. The location is not great. Injekum beach is nearby - it's great, but if you need at least some shopping, you'll have to go. There is nothing within walking distance. Food for 3, the choice is very limited, the food is monotonous. There is nothing for the kids except nuggets and fries at the snack bar. Alcohol is not bad. Ice cream is not served in this hotel, although some hotels do. There is no animation at all. But the animation of the nearby Utopia Hotel keeps you awake until one o'clock in the morning. Therefore, it is possible to say that this is a quiet hotel only for a day. Just trash in the evening. You definitely won't be able to sleep. The staff is friendly. The rooms are small, linen and towels are already very tired. For some reason, I don't want to come back here again, even though the sea is beautiful. 83. Comment: A wonderful hotel with its own beach. Excellent value for money 84. Yorum: We planned a hotel for 4 nights the week before our vacation in June. Even though the rooms we booked as standard had a balcony, we were given a room without a balcony on the ground floor because all the rooms were full. We had to accept it because we had come so far. The hotel is small but a good hotel in terms of location, beach, sand, etc. But come on, the food is so bad… I can say that I have an aversion to hamburgers. I had food poisoning. I wish Google had negative ratings... The food is so mediocre. 👎👎 85. Comment: Extremely beautiful and cozy place! Several options for beaches and diving. The water is clean, fish swim - it's interesting to swim in a mask. Very green, blooming, well-kept area, beautiful views everywhere, very clean. The staff is polite, fast. The food is okay, you won't go hungry, the selection is not huge, just enough, lots of good fresh greens, but not much fruit, I would like watermelon or melon. Alcohol is good and varied. The only thing I didn't like was the internet - it's very slow, even photos take a long time to load, periodically disconnects, and there's no internet at all on the beaches, it was boring to lie down and sunbathe, you have to either talk to someone or pick up a book. In everything else - a good four, a pleasant atmospheric place, where you want to return again! That there is no disco is a plus, meaningless music, like in all other hotels, rather annoys me. And here, the host allowed us some music and dancing near the bar until 11 p.m., for which he has great respect! We still danced a little with pleasure)) Although we disturbed the peace and quiet of the place. But just sitting and drinking is also boring. Although it is so good, the noise of the waves is everywhere. It's good in different ways)) If you want a disco, you can go separately in the evening. The hotel and rest exceeded my expectations in everything! Will definitely come back, very nice place! 86. Yorum: The hotel was very nice, especially the staff were very friendly and the Turkish coffee from Ms. Zehra and Ms. Remzie in the lobby was very delicious. 87. Comment: A great hotel for seniors who love peace and quiet. Very good conditions for swimming, although there is not enough beach to sunbathe. Rooms are clean. The service was good and not intrusive. Many places where you can sit at a table, talk in the fresh air and drink something good, including alcohol, but in very limited quantities. But the entertainment and animation program was very poor and, unfortunately, the food was monotonous but fresh. Every day a combination of eggs and chicken in all variations, and sometimes grilled turkey or fish. The cakes are relatively good, but almost the same every day. 88. Comment: I wanted to get to the hotel not on long sandy beaches, but on mixed ones. The hotel stands on stone terraces, on the mountain. Three types of beach, sandy, from the pier and still sandy, the third beach is further away, 10 minutes on foot. We liked it very much, we rested at the end of September 2023. The service is good, the rest is good. Solid 4* 89. Yorum: At the moment, we have been resting in Miarosa for a week and, I think, I can already write a review. My husband and I came together, it was not our first time in Turkey and we usually took a 5-star hotel, but this time we decided to stay in a four-star hotel. The hotel is good and very beautiful, the large green area is a beauty. An excellent sandy beach, which is rare for Alanya + I also really like the public beach next to the hotel. The sea is warm, the sunset is gentle, the bottom is sand. They feed deliciously. Always eat meat, chicken/beef, sometimes give fish, grill meat, cutlets. Soups for lunch and dinner are also given - they are delicious. Many vegetables and herbs can be found for any taste. Desserts are enough, fruits are not enough - apples, pears, melon, watermelon. There are no berries. Ice cream is also served on some days, and pastries can be found at the pool bar at certain times of the day. The choice is small. On the beach near the sea from 11:30 they serve burgers, potatoes and onion rings - everything is delicious :) In general, you will definitely not be hungry. Separately, I would like to praise the staff - the guys work well. Rooms are cleaned daily, everything is fine here. The guys in the kitchen and at the reception are very responsive and kind. We arrived at the hotel at 7 in the morning, and despite the fact that check-in was from 12, we were already checked in at 10 o'clock. As for the animation, it is a bit meager, but there is aqua aerobics (very active animators are a plus), there was live music in the evening and even a snake show with fire. Of course, this is not a circus performance, but we are not in 5* Deluxe either. I saw a children's club on the territory. There is also a gym, but it is not in working condition, the husband was upset:) There is a bus stop near the hotel - you can go to Avsallar and Alanya, if anything - the guides will tell you everything. In general, the rest was good. Miarosa sent expectations, I can recommend the hotel) 90. Yorum: 02.08.23, the hotel is boring for families, but it is also very bad for families ... The animators do not entertain, the bar is open until 11 and already at 10 the story begins that one glass per person, if you approach after 5-10 minutes, they refuse to give you anything at all, the food is the same in terms of spices, the same in the dishes, there is a complete lack of seafood. and the territory is very good and the beach is generally excellent. It just doesn't reach 4 stars... it is better to pay extra and go to a better place. 91. Yorum: Who is going to this hotel, think 1000 times. We were here in October from 11-17. When choosing a hotel, we read the reviews, but did not attach importance to the reviews in which poisoning appeared, we thought the same, we really liked the location of the hotel and its nature. We traveled as a large family. And with a difference of one day, there were 2 cases of poisoning! Both people did not drink alcohol, ate only in the hotel, since they did not leave it, the entire infrastructure is very far away. Because of our extensive travel experience, we opened a first-aid kit for the first time. And it's good that she was taken. By the way, we didn't swim in the pool either, only in the sea. Everything develops quickly: temperature from 37 and below 38, terrible chills, vomiting and diarrhea, crazy weakness. For a day, you will definitely fly out of rest in a bed in a room and periodically in an embrace with a toilet. If you have medicine with you, you can bring yourself back to normal in 2 days. It was pointed out that the dishes were poorly washed - separation, dirty, stains and prints on the plates and cups - we took disposable glasses, wiped the plates and utensils. The management of the hotel did not respond to comments about poorly washed dishes. Regarding food: you won't go hungry, but the choice is very small, what is not eaten for breakfast and lunch is processed and served for lunch and dinner. So the set of products is always the same. And food poisoning is a bonus. If you have the opportunity not even to consider this hotel - Miarosa Incekum West Resort. We traveled with a one-year-old child, took food with us for her and thank God that the child was not touched, otherwise the consequences could have been very deplorable, it was the first time I encountered such poisoning. P. S. Do not rely on the administrator and management of the hotel, it turns out that they do not understand either Russian or English, although there were no problems with this during check-in. They won't do anything at all. 10 out of 10 territory, beach, room on the 5th floor with a view of the sea and nature of the hotel. The rest do not deserve even 1 point. Do not spoil your vacation, I sincerely advise you to reconsider your choice in favor of another hotel. In VKontakte, by the name of the hotel, you will find a group with reviews, where people also shared stories of their poisoning. Apparently, unsanitary conditions in this hotel are commonplace year after year. After all, it is positioned as a family hotel. 92. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very pleasant, as if it is surrounded by the sea and nature, the staff is friendly, the beach is small but beautiful, it is a hotel dominated by foreign tourists, but it did not bother us. A very nice place to relax. The food is good, there are snacks, we are here for 2 days, 3 more days. Hoping to leave 93 on a positive note. Comment: Good for the weekend, good pool, close to the sea. Mini gym with sea view. The snack bar on the beach was a plus. Among the cons are the lack of animation, bad food and low-quality alcohol. Many guests are from Eastern Europe. Getting to Alanya from the hotel by bus costs 4 euros for 2 people. 94. Yorum: We stayed in the first week of July. First, the room was small and there was no comfortable space to move around, so the room was a bit cramped.) The sea is very beautiful, the beach can be reached from the pier. There is no shortage of sunbeds in terms of capacity. Towels are paid for at the hotel. The pool was not used and there are no slides. The attention of the employees was very high, each of them was respectful and friendly. Especially Murat Ersin and Gökchen were very interested and helpful. From the point of view of entertainment in the hotel, there was nothing to expect, except for foreigners, nothing was said, the hotel's customers are mainly Russians. We can say that the food was not bad and always the same dishes. One day red meat appeared. There were turkeys almost every day. It was not very pleasant to eat the same food all the time. We saw nothing but hamburgers at the beach bar the entire vacation. The pool bar treats, called coffee hour, consisted of 4 or 5 cakes and they were the same every day. Turkish coffee is also paid. In general, the territory of the hotel, the nature and the sea are very beautiful, the attention of the staff is pleasant. Food, refreshments and activities are not enough. 95. Yorum: A week ago we had a short vacation of 2 nights and 3 days in a hotel. First, let me talk about the pluses we were given, although we chose a ground room, I think they gave us a family room. The air conditioning system, beds and room size were adequate. They have created a semi-artificial bay with sand and sea that truly resembles the Aegean. There were almost no waves. Senslogs etc were enough. Drinks are nice. (I don't know about alcohol) Let's move on to the bad aspects. 1. For the first time, we came back from vacation without gaining weight. Food is mediocre. 2. We were there for a short time, maybe it was, but the animation was weak, so we were looking for something to do in the evenings. As a result, this is a hotel with a high price tag. But the sea and the beach are really good. 96. Yorum: Small family hotel. Everything is homely, cozy, green and clean. I recommend it. I will definitely come back in 97. Yorum: The hotel staff is extremely attentive, the team of animators who patiently invite my daughter to animation every day and make her happy, Mr. Murat Ersin, who accompanies my daughter during meals and, without interrupting his work, even plays games and has love for children , to cleaning ladies, (especially to Batman. First of all, I want to express my sincere thanks to my sister from . :) It's very nice that each staff member individually cares about my little daughter, that they are always smiling, their problem-solving approach and sincerity. The location of the hotel is excellent, the beach, which is not affected by the waves, is wonderful. Although I am biased towards the food, its performance is not as bad as they say. I really like their soups and pitas. Other dishes could be improved a bit in terms of consistency and variety. The hotel staff are people who make you feel like a real family. First of all, we would like to thank you, Miarosa Incekum West Resort Family, for your efforts during our stay with respect. 98. Yorum: 1-The location is very good 2-the rooms are clean, the hotel is generally clean 3-The sea is shallow and sandy, you can see swimming fish. Usually beaches and seas with sand are not so clean. 4- The dishes can be improved but they are filling and tasty 5- The staff are very caring, kind and polite I think they should be given a chance. Thank you 99. Comment: We were on vacation in this hotel for 7 days at the end of August. What I would like to say: 1. Sensitive staff - any question will be solved, prompted, helped; 2. It is better to take a room higher than the "Standard" category - they are very simple, and do not take a room with a view of the yard - the disco in the nearby hotel lasts until 12:00 at night; 3. Weak breakfasts - nothing to eat - but we had burgers and fries at the beach bar; 4. There are a lot of steps to the beach - just in case, take an elastic bandage with you; 5. Drinks all day long – tea, coffee, alcohol – everything is fine; 6. If you plan to practice yoga, it will not work, there are no separate places in the hotel. In general, the hotel for 4 is a beautiful area, cleaning is done every day, the staff, especially Tolga, is mega-nice and responsive. It was boring at the hotel, but we took a car and went wherever we wanted. Everyone have a great vacation :) 100. Yorum: Main dish 4 types, one with onion rings, spaghetti the other day, I haven't seen red meat. I'm serious, if you want to stay hungry and lose weight, this is a very good place. The good part: The location and the room, especially on the sea, are great. 101. Yorum: The hotel is better than the Insekum group beach. Thanks again Mr. Suat for your help and support. The sea is really beautiful. Since the time was not crowded, we liked both the pool and the sea. His nature was also very beautiful. From the reception staff to the restaurant staff - a friendly team that enjoys their work. Thanks to Mr. Tolza for his help during registration. I especially want to thank Mr. Murat for his efforts and interest, and Ms. Gökçe for her friendly service. Also, many thanks to the animation team. Aziz and Ramil contributed a lot to making sure we had a good time both with their activities and conversations. The food part, in my opinion, is terrible. Tasteless and without options. Yes, you somehow find food, but you don't like eating it. Their drinks are the same. Brands you don't know and they're really bad. The rooms were beautiful. Our sea view was amazing. And our room was thoroughly cleaned every day. Many thanks to the lovely cleaning ladies. As a result, this is not a hotel for the price. Unfortunately, this is not a hotel that will please those who want to enjoy their vacation all the time. 102. Yorum: Hotel Incekum West deserves full marks for its facilities and friendly staff. Excellent hotel with sea, rooms, food, entertainment, restaurant, service and cleanliness. I would like to thank Animation Manager Gökhan, Restaurant Manager Yahya, Chef Ibrahim, Kitchen Manager and everyone for their smiling faces and willingness to help. We have been coming here for a long time and, as always, we had a wonderful rest. See you in the new season. 103. Yorum: A cook's head should not be so hairy. His food is as sloppy and tasteless as he is. It has nothing to do with the customers, the food or the presentation. Not everyone has to cook. The sea and the beach are very good, apart from that, the rest. very bad 104. Yorum: Measly breakfasts, at 11.30 they made burgers in a bar by the sea and delicious tortillas, served watermelon. Lunches are normal, dinner is at a good level. The animation is weak. You need to take a room with a sea view. The bar has good alcohol! 105. Comment: A very nice hotel with a nice park where there is coffee everywhere. Cakes are served and there are drinks and burgers and fries on the sheltered beach until you can eat them. The service and friendliness of the staff is excellent. Absolutely worth going again. The rooms are a bit small, but that's a minor problem for me. 106. Comment: The hotel is super. It's certainly not Rixos, but it's excellent for the money. I don't understand people who write that the food is monotonous (breakfast is really modest in the hotel, but it is BREAKFAST: 6-7 types of cheeses, olives, vegetables, greens, salad, rolls/croissants, eggs, milk porridge, local meat cuts , Turkish delight, 4-5 types of flakes and balls, fruit, honey and other sweet toppings. desserts Dinner: the choice of dishes is not less than for lunch, only richer. rice, pasta. From meat - turkey, chicken, veal, prepared differently each time (baked, in sauce, stewed in pieces, cutlets, meatballs). apples, plums, oranges. Once they gave fried fish. There was no seafood. In addition to the main restaurant, there were 2 more bars, one of which had free and unlimited tea, coffee, juices, beer, wine, whiskey, gin, local vodka, fanta, cola, and sprite throughout the day. other types of alcohol and cocktails for $. And the beach bar (a bar on the beach), in which hamburgers, fries and a Turkish snack were available every day (I don't know what this dish is called, deep-fried dough with cheese inside, very tasty). This bar also serves Turkish ice cream three times a week. Unlimited bottled water is available throughout the day. It's about food. The beach is its own, without access for strangers, clean (garbage is cleaned regularly, sunbeds are washed if necessary). In general, there are 2 of them near the hotel - one sandy, with a gentle entrance to the water, which is suitable for small children and people with limited physical abilities, the other - with a steep entrance to the water, from the stairs and the bottom of the reefs. Both on one and the other beach there is a large number of sunbeds and beach umbrellas - enough for everyone. There are also 2 pools - a large one for adults (140 cm deep) and a small one (shallow) for very young children. We had a room with a view of the neighboring hotel, which did not spoil the overall impression at all, on the contrary, it was a plus, because the sun was rising from our side, and it was not so hot in the afternoon, and in rooms with a view of the sea, the sun shines through the windows all the time day. But this is not a tragedy, because the room has a powerful air conditioner. The room itself is clean and tidy, the furniture is new and not shaken. Cleaning was carried out daily, towels were changed in a day. The room has a bed, a table-dresser with a mirror, a refrigerator, a TV, cabinets, a telephone, a spacious wardrobe with a large mirror on the floor and hangers, a safe (paid), in our room there was also a coffee table with a chair, in the bathroom everything you need accessories (replenished as needed): shower gel, shampoo, hair balm, toilet paper, hair dryer. Wi-fi is moderately good, when the occupancy in the hotel is not maximum, it catches even on the beach)) Animation in the hotel is daily yoga, water aerobics, darts. But in the evening everything is somehow gloomy, there are no discos. And evening shows are not interesting. Territory Rating: 4 The territory of the hotel is small, but at the same time there is a place to walk/sit/seclude. The hotel stands on a cliff, so you have to go down the stairs to the beach. But even this moment was foreseen here and a descent to the beach (for wheelchairs and strollers) was made. The vegetation in the hotel is simply mesmerizing - one continuous location for beautiful photos) The plants are very well cared for, watered daily. The staff is friendly, smiling. Not everyone speaks English, but many know Russian, which is also a huge plus. The majority of tourists are Russians, as well as Turks, Poles, and Ukrainians. We had the best impressions of our stay at this hotel and I think we will return here in two years. 107. Yorum: Now we are in the hotel. Good parts Sea number 10. It is very difficult to find such a bay in Alanya. The workers are very attentive. Rooms are clean. Lunch and dinner are good. 👍 Bad parts. Even brunch at 10. There is no breakfast after 10. The breakfast dish is infested with flies, so it should either be covered with foil or stored in a dish with a lid. He opens and takes the door, lifting the slider. When the flies land, you feel sick and you can't even eat. There is no breakfast area in the room, it is tiny. There is only margarine, not even butter. Instead, honey and jam should be ready in small closed boxes. I couldn't have breakfast. There is also animation, it's okay, but the chairs in the animation are not suitable for a huge hotel. They are broken and will break. It should be something like a platform with amphitheatres. Also, I think there is a virus in the pool (we thought it was from the pool) because I talked to 5 people at the hotel and they said our kids threw up. We were in the trauma center yesterday. We don't go to the pool out of caution. 108. Yorum: First of all, the good things I had to say are the location of the hotel, the sea and the view from the room. Housekeepers are extremely rude and obnoxious. The food isn't very tasty, but it's still edible enough to keep you from starving. While the restaurant, bar and front desk staff do their jobs properly and are friendly, the spa and floor staff are equally disgusting. If you want to come for the sea, sand, sun and scenery, this will meet your expectations, but don't expect anything other than that. 109. Yorum: *Pros: The hotel is perfectly located on the seashore, where there are many places to sunbathe. The rooms were cleaned daily - in general it was very clean, except for the toilet near the beach. The staff were smiling, although it was difficult to communicate in English. *Unfortunately, the big minus was the food - we have never seen such a small selection (the male part complained terribly about the small amount of food), and most of the dishes were bland. There is no drink menu. Another minus for the hotel was the animation: it was of very poor quality, the main presenter did not speak English, only Russian, and he preferred Russians (even praising Putin), of whom there were only a few in the hotel at that time. The Poles, who were the majority in this hotel, were very disgusting. Since there was nothing in this town but hotels and bazaars, it would be helpful if the hotel provided some interesting places in the evening... 110. Comment: Nice hotel with a very nice area, neat and comfortable rooms, good food. The beach is sandy, gentle, there were always enough sunbeds. Many places to sunbathe on different levels. The sea was warm at the end of June. Lifeguards are on duty at the beach and pool. The animation is unobtrusive. Food for four is normal, without fancy, but always tasty and varied. The room was clean, shampoo, hair conditioner, shower gel and soap were brought regularly. Sometimes the maids decorated the room with petals and swans from towels, cute)) In general, we liked everything very much, but it was very sad that when we checked in at half past one on the first night, we were transferred to another hotel, referring to the lack of rooms. And the room in this temporary hotel was disgusting (mold, broken shower, no bathroom accessories, smelly air conditioner, searched pillow and a great view of the backyard with all kinds of junk), to top it all off, it rained that same day (but no complaints about the hotel ), and all this in the so-called top five! Although we were allowed to use the infrastructure of two hotels) We spent two nights there, and only after that we were returned to this hotel. A similar situation was experienced by several vacationers. As an apology, a safe and beach towels were provided free of charge. They also gave us a room with a sea view, but of course the mood was spoiled for two days. This does not affect the quality of the hotel itself, just don't be surprised if you are moved for a couple of nights. In general, if you forget the story with relocations, I really liked the hotel. Do you want to go there again, yes. But worrying about whether they will settle you where you want, definitely not! 111. Yorum: The hotel is located on a rock, has a lagoon with a sandy beach. The rooms are small, like the territory itself. Quiet, peaceful hotel with courteous staff. Nice Turkish four 112. Yorum: I can't imagine finding a hotel in this area with better grounds and views. The rooms are quite basic and it was a bit cramped as two adults and a child had an extra bed. As I later heard, there are also family rooms. But who travels just to sit in their room?! Anyway, everything was clean 😊 But the sea view was great and the grounds and service far outweighed the room. A beautiful park with terraces and steps leading to the hotel's own bay. The beach was nice, clean and managed so I could relax and let my two year old run around alone... A little higher there is a wonderful sun terrace with drinks and from 11:00 even burgers and snacks. The hotel is quiet and idyllic. From time to time you can hear animation from the surrounding hotels. It can be a bit annoying in the evenings. The food is very tasty, there is something for everyone, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. My little one especially enjoyed the service... If I go to Turkey again, I will definitely go to Incekum West 🥰 113. Yorum: Rested at the beginning of September for 22 years, the atmosphere in the room is normal, the food is bad, the choice is scarce, almost always the same, for breakfast an edible boiled egg and coffee, no pancakes, no scrambled eggs, not even sausages, lunch is monotonous, the choice is scanty, not tasty, even though we had everything included, we ate only at the appointed time, near the pool and on the sea, the bars almost never have anything for a snack except beer, you had to buy towels for the beach, 10 euros for one, which were changed once once a day, if you hand in a towel after lunch, you will not receive a dry one instead, only tomorrow, and the women who receive them send you to put them in a certain place, so they point with their finger, put it there... you also have to pay for the safe, 2 euros per day, there is almost no animation, in the evenings it’s terrible how boring and nothing to do, the air conditioner does not work in the lobby, you can die from the heat, there are not enough sunbeds by the sea for everyone, drinking water too, they put a box in the dining room with small bottles that empty immediately, juice in vending machines, on which it is noted that it is 100%, powder, and further diluted to the limit with water, the cleaning of the rooms is normal, especially good after tipping, but not every day, the elevator is very slow and always busy, you're going to wait. Of the pluses, the sea is nearby, sand, a beautiful pool and greenery around, but the territory is small, well-kept, the beach is very small. The bathroom has soap, shampoo and shower gel, nothing else. 114. Comment: Rooms are cleaned every day. We stayed on the 2nd floor and were very pleased with the cleanliness and friendliness of our cleaner Fatma. We were at the hotel for 9 days. Breakfast is very poor, the temperature is not enough, there are always rolls and boiled eggs. Omelet and pancakes were released once and are made only in one form. Types of omelets: pancakes, cakes, fries, etc. Such things should definitely be added to breakfast, and covered dishes should be used for flies. Lunch and dinner are not bad, but the menu is only 1 week old and I think it is repetitive. Thank God, lavash is so tasty that you won't stay hungry. The pool and the sea are beautiful. Especially the bay where the beach is located lives up to its name, it is a beautiful sandy beach, very clean and beautiful. In general, the employees are friendly and polite, but some of them show a special interest in foreign tourists. There are also no single beds for children in the rooms. Instead, they used a single seat with a folding back, which is not very convenient. It is better to use a single bed. 115. Yorum: In Turkey for the first time and immediately in such a hotel. The rooms are new and clean, the air conditioner works quietly, there are shower gels, conditioners and shampoos. Towels are paid, it is better to take them with you or buy them here. Also with an iron, paid. They feed 4, there is a lot to choose from. The beach is good, you can find places because the area is large, the sea is very beautiful. The territory is full of greenery, flowers, insanely beautiful))) Swimming pool, gym, massage. I recommend the hotel, the rest is excellent, thank you very much))) 116. Comment: Nice hotel. Very interesting territory, not large. The entire hotel is literally drowning in greenery - cacti, pomegranates, palm trees. From the 5th floor there is a very nice view of the sea. The rooms are good, everything is clean and tidy. The room has a TV with Russian channels (if necessary). A large number of different locations for recreation. The food in the restaurant is tasty and varied. The staff is very polite and pleasant. 117. Yorum: We were satisfied with the hotel, we want to thank Zehra and Remzia in the restaurant and Safia, the housekeeper. 118. Comment: Poolside room with sea view. Purely. The air conditioner is normal. The food is modest by Turkish standards, but no one goes hungry. Cookies every day and ice cream every other day. The hotel is located in a great location! The surroundings of the hotel are full of greenery. Tables in the bar on the edge of the slope among the trees with a beautiful view of the sea. The beach in the bay with clean and warm water. Shallow enough for children near the shore. Towels are available for a fee (10 EUR) helpful and friendly staff, I didn't get the impression that they expected a tip. So why didn't I get the maximum number of points? Yes, it's about loud music by the pool. It could still be tolerated if there was only "techno" with an arrhythmia-causing bass :). And it is impossible to bypass it. The animator says that it should be so! Only to be refused two hours after dinner. NO! There is a solution for this, because the hotel has several small "platforms" with sunbeds near the sea, where you can only listen to the sound of the sea :). The hotel receives guests mainly from Russia and Poland. And here is another sad note. At discotheques, mostly Russian music is played, which is very annoying when there is a war in Ukraine. It's hard to have fun in such a situation :(. Choosing this hotel, you will be satisfied with your vacation. 119. Comment: The room is small, but it was okay to spend the night with a three-year-old child (the rest of the time was spent outside the room). small, but it was always possible to feed a child, and there is always something to eat for an adult) ICE CREAM ON THE BEACH Tuesday/Thursday/Saturday from 2 to 3 p.m. (of course, this was not a very pleasant surprise, in the store next to the hotel, ice cream is sold for $1-2 quite a lot) The lifeguard on the beach of the hotel does not just sit and look at the vacationers, he always helps to find a sunbed, brings it if there are none or cleans the sand for you (very surprised) The pool is surrounded by needles (there are many needles around) and the water is cleaned reluctantly and not every day either ! Alcohol is tolerable, if you are a connoisseur - take it with you) The juice is disgusting (((all flavors, the child was drunk only with water). Fanta, Pepsi, 7up does not seem to be fake at all, they are delicious) Spa is quite cheap ($30 80 minutes, hammam, foam massage, face mask, body massage is not bad, but direct for $30 no more ( 120. Yorum: Good solid Turkish foursome. The building itself is quite old, accordingly, the rooms are too small, although after a recent renovation, they are perfectly taken down and maintained. Instead, the location and grounds are better than most nearby hotels. It has its own practically private beach in its own practically private bay. The service fully corresponds to the stated. Breakfasts are somewhat the same, but for dinner the menu is corrected. A quiet and peaceful hotel for relaxation. Definitely worth the money. 121. Yorum: I thought for a long time about what rating to give, because the hotel has its pros and cons. The negatives include, unfortunately, food, especially breakfast. I'm not one of those people who is very picky about the fact that they are actually better off at home. Lunches and dinners are good, for this price I can say that they are okay, nothing crazy, but definitely no one will go hungry and nothing is missing. Drinks, well, regional alcoholic drinks - because of the prices of alcohol in Turkey, as you know, not like in my country, where alcohol from all over the world is good and cheap. You can get over it :) You don't have to tip them to make you a really strong drink if that's what you want. Pleasant service. The wonderful waiter Mahmed (sorry if I spelled his name wrong) spoke to us in English and taught us the word "ashtray" :) a really nice person who always found a moment to talk in his busy schedule :) Overall the service was very good, although many people do not understand English. I am concerned about the huge attitude towards tourists from Russia, even though during our stay there were a lot of Poles, we felt a bit inferior customers. As for the hotel itself - the rooms are great, although you have to be careful about the very slippery bathroom floor - unfortunately my partner had an accident and was taken to hospital... However, I remember my stay very well. The hotel has a GORGEOUS garden, sun terraces, nice view from the room, and overall it's beautiful. I would choose this hotel again and pay a lot more if they improved the kitchen a bit ;) Not much to go nearby so a hotel for people looking for a relaxing but memorable stay. Despite some shortcomings, a visit to the hospital and at the end of the revolution of the stomach, the trip to this hotel will remain in my memory. I got to talk to a lot of Turks and to be honest, I felt at home here ;) Maybe I didn't like everything, but you are loved! 122. Comment: Disgusting hotel. Attracts a maximum of 2 stars. The location is far from populated areas. Territory Rating: 5 beautiful, green, BUT! Unkept, leaves floating in the pool, devastation around. The rooms at first glance are normal, BUT! It's all in the details, the taps don't open well, the shower doesn't have a single door, so water flies all the way into the corridor. Services, services for three. Food for 1, monotonous, not tasty, just crunchily filling the stomach. 123. Comment: Nice hotel with clean rooms with relatively new furniture. They clean, but they forgot to update the shower gel and there is a nuance of the towel and the bed linen is changed every other day. Sand beach and bay, great for children. 124. Comment: Only 2 stars in total. And it's for the sake of the workers' water. the rooms are very small. The distance from the sea to the hotel is very long. Not suitable for the elderly and children. For example, we forced to open a mini-club. We forced them to open it, but they spread the toys on the table and left. everyone doesn't care. Nutrition depends on the person. You can call it a difference in taste. You will not remain hungry. But their lavash is excellent. Also, I don't know the reason anymore, but we and a few other families also saw that cases of nausea and diarrhea were very common. I don't know if it's the sea, the pool, the food or the air. Thanks to their employees, they are like bees. They are always attentive and smiling. activity remains weak. You have to go up and down a lot of stairs to join them. I recommend using the shuttle. You may also think for a moment that you are in Russia during these activities. because the animation team constantly speaks Russian. 125. Comment: A small but beautiful area. Snug. There is a shallow sandy beach and a rocky bottom with rocks and great depth. There are enough sunbeds, even though some... occupy several pieces on different beaches. Very friendly staff, many speak Russian. About food. Tasty and filling, there are snacks, but no variety. Every day the same thing. This is not a negative, just an observation. Fresh fruits, sweet watermelons and melons, various sweets. The bar has many cocktails, good beer and local wine (per person). Access to drinking bottled water around the clock. The room is ordinary, there is a shower and a bed, there are two chairs and a table on the balcony, but why sit in the room if there is such a beautiful area and a bar... :) 126. Yorum: 1 star is not even worth it!!!!! The view is really beautiful, the hotel is big and everyone is somewhere, that was good. Eating the same food every day. Amination group Gokhan his name is trabzonlu I think with rasta hair and only moustache he is a racist hates Turks. The chef of the restaurant sees everyone else. They act like they are selling us stuff because we are Turks, as if we paid for paper money, and we paid that much money, and there is not even air conditioning in the room. God bless you if you don't know me. I am not satisfied at all. The guy working in the lobby is a little... it seems that there is no yard here. There were youngagers working at the bar and they did their jobs this way. I do not recommend this hotel, it is a waste of your money, do not come, it is very quiet for ages 60 and over. one hotel 127. Comment: If you are coming from Antalya airport, study the road carefully because it is very far. The rooms are not very hygienic, the cleaning is superficial. The pool and the sea are wonderful. The food is unpleasant and delicious, if you are looking for quality cuisine, it will not satisfy your needs. But the staff in the restaurants and bars are very good, caring and friendly. There are events in which you can participate. 128. Comment: We can say that this is a perfect hotel for the price. If you want to relax on such a budget, it will meet your expectations. The view is beautiful, the food is good for the price, as I said, but the alcohol is a shame. Crayfish and wine are very bad. Gin is fine, beer is too watery. We called it normal for the price. But you can be a little better and raise the prices a little. And we went at the end of October last year. It was not crowded. Of course, the assessment when there is a crowd is different. Finally, there are many and varied swimming areas, which is a big plus. 129. Yorum: EXCELLENT!!! If there were ten stars, I would give all ten because this hotel deserves it! I have stayed in many hotels, including five stars, but I/we have never felt more comfortable than this one. A small hotel, away from the busy road, surrounded by a lot of greenery, fruit trees and various flowers. It has its own beautiful little bay with a sandy beach, which I immediately noticed in the photos. And in real life, everything is much, much more beautiful. The water is crystal clear, there are no pebbles or stones to disturb you like on other beaches. Since there are no waves here, it is also very suitable for families with children. You can let the little ones play here in peace. The pool is large and clean, cleaned every night. The hotel staff is very friendly, polite and helpful. They respond to guests' wishes and suggestions and do their best to make everyone happy. We would like to especially thank Mr. Ibrahim (director), the gentlemen at the reception (unfortunately, I don't remember their names), Barysh who showed us to the room, Zahida from the service and Hacher who took care of us every day in the restaurant and cooked small, tasty snacks at the beach bar, thank you very much! The kind and friendly nature of these people made us feel at home. The food served is quite sufficient. Sufficient choice at every meal. Here you will find something for every taste. I have also read bad reviews and can't understand them at all. Maybe people who are used to five-star hotels build towers out of food. But then they have to be left with huge submerged objects! We like it to be quiet, cozy and family-friendly. That's why today, even though we only left four days ago and our trip had somewhere to go, we booked eight nights at this hotel again. I'd say that says a lot! We are already sure and agreed that we will rest here for the next few years and recommend this hotel one hundred percent 👍🏻🥰👍🏻 130. Yorum: I can't understand the negative reviews at all, for me this is the most beautiful outdoor area on the Turkish Riviera. Of course it's not a typical 4 star hotel, very quiet and nice staff, all the rooms are renovated - lake side, the selection is not the biggest but quite enough I only spent 360 euros for the 6 days I paid 😃, you shouldn't expect 5 stars plus etc. Eastern European 🇷🇺 tourists don't bother me either. 131. Yorum: I saw bad reviews here before checking into the hotel, but I didn't think a 4-star hotel would have such shortcomings. After checking into the hotel on the first day, while waiting for our room, we told Mr. Tolza at the front desk that we were going to change clothes to swim in the sea and go to the spa, where the lady on duty warned us to be quiet like children so as not to disturb those who who does the massage, anyway, we didn't bother with it, but there was one cabin, if you wanted to change as a family, you had to wait in line. Then we went to Insekum beach, the sea is very beautiful, but there are not many sunbeds, we sat down on a sunbed of a nearby hotel, they came and cleaned it, and the towels are still there. also paid. The hotel snack bar only had hamburgers and fries. There were people who said the hamburger was a strange color and it looked like coal. The food in the main restaurant was also very bad. The showers on the beach may sometimes have water, but sometimes not. The sea and nature are very beautiful. 132. Yorum: Hello, we are entering the 3rd day of our vacation. I came here with my wife and child, hesitant after reading the comments. The hygiene is very good, the food is very tasty, the rooms are new and clean, the location is very good, there are daytime activities. Water handball, shooting. Animation shows are held in the evenings. Many thanks to the lobby, bar and waiter staff. 133. Yorum: Nice little hotel. Descent to the sea by stairs. There is a sandy beach and a platform (entrance to the sea by a ladder). The pool is small, clean and cute. One problem is nutrition. Very weak. On a three. The staff is friendly, cleaning, changing towels are all on time and well. 134. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the sea is very beautiful, the beach is completely sandy, the food is good, you won't stay hungry, but you won't eat to death, and there are always flies, the breakfast is very inadequate, I had enough bagels, without potatoes, for example. Cleanliness in the rooms is good, there were no problems, the animation is inadequate, there is actually no music, all the music is someone else's, I hung out at sea for 6 days, I did not hear a Turkish song. I once heard this from a nearby hotel, only if the food is good, it is a small, minimal, very nice hotel. 135. Comment: A hotel with an ideal price. Never saw rude behavior of employees. Room cleaning is enough. The variety of food is small, but tasty. Since it is located right on the beach, the pool is not crowded. We had no problems with sunbeds. The sea is wonderful and the sea is sandy. There is access to the sea both from the beach and from the pier. 136. Comment: The location is very good. It is located right on the tip of the nose. Access to the beach is provided by stone steps or concrete ramps. The parts built with stone terraces are beautiful at night. The playground is deserted, falling apart due to lack of maintenance, and because it is next to the promotional center, it smells very bad. This part can be moved to the children's club. One foot wash can be done for every step from the beach. stairs to get rid of sand. The kitchen was beautiful. Only the cakes were mediocre. They have to find a way out for the flies in the restaurant. 5 rating for price performance 137. Yorum: I came with a big bias based on other comments, but I can say about the friends who wrote these comments: I think they are people who don't know what they want. I had a wonderful vacation with my wife and son. I cannot write about them all one by one. Overall, all the staff were very caring and friendly. The food is very tasty, I don't understand why the friends who wrote bad things wrote like that. I would also like to thank Mr. Chef Ibrahim for his interest and care. The location of the hotel and the beach are very good, I recommend it to everyone. If I have the chance next year, I will choose this place again. 138. Comment: Great hotel for vacation with children. The beach is just under the windows. Moreover, there are almost no waves in the closed bay. For children, what is needed. The territory is well-kept and clean. In the hotel, it is better to take a room with a view of the sea, surprisingly, due to the location of the hotel on the cape, it is in this part that there is a minimum of sun in the windows. Special thanks to the administrator Tolga for a good room)) For food, everything is ok, a choice of 4 main dishes plus a grill. Two bars, minus only one that is on the beach. It works only until five in the evening. But the beach is not far from the hotel and the main bar, so it is not an obstacle for "amateurs")) Special thanks to the animators Johnny and Naz, the child couldn't be taken away)