1. Yorum: The place is good, the games are good and need updating and fixing some of them. The food is very average except for the breakfast which was great. The reception staff is great especially (Gihan) he was very friendly and made everything easy for us and his interaction was nice. I advise you to visit if the price is suitable for you. 2. Yorum: It doesn't deserve more than two stars. The food is very bad. I visited it 7 years ago and it was great. Now it has become very bad and I was disappointed in that. The bar workers' treatment was bad. The food is absolutely insipid and you can't find anything to eat after 8:30. There is no variety in non-alcoholic drinks and the pool water has a large amount of chlorine. I don't recommend trying it at all. 3. Yorum: The place is nice but the food is not good and the reception staff's treatment is not good at all 4. Yorum: The food is not delicious at all.... There is also no variety in meals.... Every day the same breakfast, lunch and dinner. The hotel itself is beautiful and has a nice atmosphere, but the food is bad and I do not recommend visiting it. Not to mention the inedible salad that smelled all over the restaurant... 5. Your Comment: Hello... I do not advise anyone to book this hotel for several reasons: 1. Poor service in cleaning rooms and lack of interest in cleaning bathrooms. ٢. Poor lighting inside the rooms, inside the hotel and the gardens. ٣. Poor air conditioning system inside the hotel, in the internal restaurants and in the dining areas. ٤. Repeating meals for several days and returning leftover meals from days ago. ٥. Poor reception by the staff, starting from the receptionists to the pool cleaners. Say hello to a smile!! Unfortunately. ٦. The provocative style of workers who do not speak Turkish, especially bar and liquor store workers. ٧. Standing in a long line at mealtimes to get food due to the lack of barbecue places. I hope that the hotel management pays more attention to several important matters to gain customers before making money.... 6. Yorum: A disgusting hotel, no service, no cleaning, disgusting food, dirt filling every corner. The hotel looks good, but the rooms and food are of a very low standard. Bad smells in the dining room, no room service, garbage, they don’t change towels, no air conditioning, no lights. I deeply regret visiting this hotel 7. Yorum: A hotel deserves only one star and with difficulty a hotel does not deserve one star even 8. Yorum: Nice crew.. The rooms are spacious. 9. Large and varied swimming pools. Yorum: There is a problem with the air conditioners and the parties at night are loud. And annoying 10. Yorum: The treatment is very bad and the service is also bad. I do not recommend it. 11. Yorum: Great staff and a lovely place to spend a fun holiday 12. Comment: Very good 13. Yorum: It's more than wonderful, as well as the crew 14. Yorum: Really great 15. Yorum: Nice and fun 16. Yorum: Hello, we were at the hotel between September 30th and October 5th. First, let me tell you the only good thing about the hotel. There was pizza and hamburgers in the snack bar, and I can say it was the best food we could eat, but the hotel food was terrible, we mostly saw fish and turkey on the grill, the food was cold and bad, the staff at the bar were indifferent, the cocktails were full of sugar without getting proper service, you are always looking for a queue and a table to eat, you are always in a race with foreigners, we went there just to enjoy. There is nothing decent. I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone around me. There could be better hotels for these prices and I hope this contributes to a happy holiday 17. Yorum: We arrived yesterday 04.10 from this hotel and rested there for 8 nights. I read the reviews and realized that a lot of them were bought. I came to Türkiye for the first time on September 25 to celebrate my birthday with my sister, and I read that the hotel congratulated the birthday boy with fruits and champagne in the room. Neither my sister nor I had anything, it was also my nephew's day on October 1st, and no one congratulated him on his birthday, the young man booked us a table, of course it was not cheap, they set it up beautifully, everything. It was good, they gave us champagne at the table (by the way, they only have dry white and sparkling). Why am I writing this, no one congratulated for free, only for money, and I do not understand why in the description they write that congratulations from the hotel, well, these are all little things. We arrived at the hotel at 13:00 and they charged us $10 per room for early check in. The rooms are good, but you can't say they will clean them yet, and cleaning consists of taking out the trash and making the bed (although it shouldn't be done). My sister had kids in the room, and no one asked. I washed them, but no one came. Fresh towels were brought into my room every day, although some had not yet been used, so a whole mountain of them had accumulated. The trash was piling up, and the paper didn't survive until I went to the front desk and made a comment. Cleaning is also all the little things, the most important thing is the food, I was in Turkey for the first time, I have nothing to compare it to, but everyone I spoke to, whether in the hotel or at the sea, were angry that the food looks beautiful, appetizing, but when you start eating it, it is something with something. There are too many spices and everything is oversalted. There are no regular pods as a side dish, once the pods were put in, they were mixed with tomato paste, there was a smell from them when the pods spoiled, there were mashed potatoes twice, the only thing so as not to die of hunger was the delicious fried eggs on the street and fried potatoes on the side, the soup was all in the form of a puree, at first I ate them, then I doubted, today the soup was lentils, tomorrow the same red soup, it became chicken, then mushrooms for children, the ticket costs the same as an adult, but they have nothing to eat there, anything spicy there is a large number of cereals, I decided to try it, their milk is like water, tasteless, breakfasts are not, there was a lot of beer, they made alcoholic cocktails, good cocktails cost $ 5. The fruits were green tangerines, sour like lemons, the peaches were hard, and the watermelon in the first three days was not sweet. At all, the green watermelon was empty so that they would not die of hunger with it. Watermelons, they've become more or less. On the last day, they did not allow us to expand our room due to the large number of people checking in, but they charged us $ 10 per room so that we would not have to take off our bracelets so that we could eat watermelon for lunch before leaving, before that, they left the room at 12, but they did not take off the bracelets and did not take any money, apparently they decided to attack us in general, I want to say that apart from the area and the rooms, I did not like anything, I used to go to Adler every year, I came with a very sad feeling, I arrived yesterday very happy because I was home of course from the violation of the diet, but I can not eat anything yet, the food in front of their eyes is not tasty. At the airport people were standing in line and were angry with the food and service, everything was paid for I didn't get wifi at the sea in the bar and there was no message at all. First time in Türkiye and such a disappointment 18. Yorum: Let's start with the buffets and the food. The selection seems huge, there is a lot of food, but in reality there is nothing to eat. Every day everything is very similar. There is little fruit, no variety. There were high hopes for the watermelon, but it had no taste. The wait was… 19. Yorum: I just got back from this hotel. On the plus side: - clean and well-kept pools - really nice waiters in the bistro restaurant next to the main pool - when it comes to attractions for children, I highly recommend the water park - Turkish day in the restaurant, something really great - food (neutral option here), everyone will find something for themselves, no fireworks when it comes to the quality of food - sunbeds next to the pools are easy to find, everyone can find them - room service works efficiently, you just press the button and everything is clean On the minuses: - the facility is completely micropayment - extra charge for WiFi, safe, ice cream, pies and such things - rooms need renovation, furniture is swollen from damp, wardrobes smell bad, there are cockroaches. Not only in my room but also in others - there are no cutlery on the tables, you have to look for them or ask the staff - the bartenders are punished, alcohol in all options is very weak, as are cocktails and dram - the food is terribly wasted, but this is the fault of the guests - the elevators are dirty, the carpets and sofas in the lobby need to be washed - the rooms in the water park smell terribly of garbage, there is no ceiling in the tunnel under the hotel In general, the hotel meets 5-star standards but follows the path of least resistance, all European standards are maintained (I know because I work in this industry) Independent of the hotel: very long transfer from the airport The bad thing is that the hotel does not do anything with the opinions of the guests, they just reply with a paste that they are very sorry that you have such feelings. Unfortunately, these are not feelings, but facts. For a budget option, it's okay, if you can spend a little more on another facility, then don't hesitate about the choice ;) 20. Yorum: We spent our vacation as a family of three. |Pros:|- Excellent staff, everyone is very friendly, fun to talk to and most of them speak Russian|- Mini club is a salvation for parents! Special respect to Maria, she had a great time with the kids, with a child… 21. Yorum: I completely agree with what our friend Hakan wrote, with whom we stayed for the same period and the only difference is that I paid half the price for the same service because I bought it in the winter. The chicken world pizza is also good upon request. Apart from that, the missing items are constantly being replenished. The Turkish night was nice too. Apart from that, it is a hotel that no one will go to again. Everything in detail We stayed for 6 days in the second week of August. I write everything we experience objectively, we checked in to the hotel entrance and reception without any problems. Since the hotel is very complicated and there is no information, we go to the crowded area and find out what the program is. - I have been going on vacation for years and I have never seen such bad organizers, animation team, entertainment, etc. Trust me, it's not even second rate, it's a terrible cartoon based on a system of progress entirely by collecting money from guests. - When it comes to food, the pizza and chicken world is very good, the food in the main restaurant is tasteless, but there are a lot of varieties, the grill section, I can clearly say that there was no red meat even for them. One day. - The staff is very good, but they are so few in number that they work like Superman. -Ice cream is paid, Wi-Fi is paid, bag weight is paid -To get a sunbed you have to wake up at 6am and leave your towel, queues at bars are very long. Try not to drink alcohol other than beer. - The sea is very rocky and is reached every hour like a public bus. -We paid about 50 thousand for 6 days, but I advise you to choose a hotel with a maximum of 30 thousand, taking this into account... 22. Yorum: Not worth the money I paid, and had many flaws compared to a paid 5 star hotel. No ice cream. The Turkish bath and disco section smells damp. There is no bar to buy drinks in the amphitheater section with nightly animation. There was no trash can in the room and there was no head towel in the room placed in the room and we had to carry water to the room. I was not satisfied with the food at all. The meat dish came out once and was very bad in color and taste. There was no omelette for one person, and the desserts were only the same in shape and color, meaning there was no baklava at all in a city with a large banana, and bananas were not available in the hotel once. Always the same food, little variety, no taste. I have been going to 5 star hotels for 10 years, this is the first time I have seen a hotel that lacks everything. There was no variety on the beach (salad cuts, potatoes, olives, etc.) if it wasn't for that. For Tavuk dunyasi and Pizza, we would have stayed hungry. The water and children's pools are beautiful. However, there was no place to enter the regular pool, let alone swim, and I was annoyed by most of the people around me because the pools were crowded. There was always a queue for drinks at the bar inside the main restaurant and it smelled really bad during dinner. The sea is full of stones you can't enter without sea shoes and no care is taken in the toilets. I will never choose more than once. I did not get the service I would expect from a 5 star hotel. 23. Yorum: When I saw all the bad reviews about this hotel, I almost thought about canceling it and stayed there between August 27th and 31st. Ms. Sila at the reception was very attentive and friendly, and on the beach, Ms. Neva was also very attentive and friendly, she took care of us and the children, and I thank each of them individually. The sea is 8-10 steps from the stone beach, the sandy beach is very clean, they always take care of you and there are a lot of sunbeds. The food is okay, but there are very good meals on Turkish night, and it is impossible to stay hungry when visiting Chicken World Pizza. They said the rooms are not cleaned, it has nothing to do with cleaning, it is done every day, I mean why are so many people who serve people being violated, the staff is confused by these comments, they do their best, we were very happy, yes, it is convenient, there is a 5 minute wait in the elevator and the pool bar and aqua during busy times, but this is normal for children. They have beautiful swimming pools where you can have a good time, but sometimes there is a sunbed problem in the pool because our staff leaves towels on the sunbeds in the pool early in the morning (even if they go to the sea themselves). I would like to thank all the staff, it was a lovely holiday for us. 24. Yorum: I will list the good and bad aspects of my stay at the hotel to give an idea to those who will visit it. The hotel is not next to the sea, it is 500mm away, and you have to go with a trailer attached to a tractor. The beach is rocky and not very clean. Almost all of the staff are young and new employees. Also their communication with Turkish customers is very poor, but they are very friendly and interested in foreign customers. The animation team is not enough, same shows and music for kids every day. There is nothing interesting for adults. In our opinion, the weakest aspect of the hotel is the food. The food was very tasteless and carelessly prepared. Almost the same food every day. I think we'd be hungry if it weren't for the chicken and pizza world, but it's very crowded there. I would like to open a separate bracket for sweets. It seems like there is a lot of variety, but in reality there is no variety, they are all the same. Moreover, none of them have any flavor. The cleanliness was good, our room was cleaned every day. The hotel is very good physically and architecturally, but unfortunately there seem to be some limitations in terms of service quality. The number of sunbeds is not enough, you have to get a seat at 7 am. The aqua park was very nice and a fun place for the kids, but the food and beverage facilities next to the aqua park could be increased a little more. 25. Yorum: We stayed at the end of September. Despite the bad reviews, we wanted to give it a chance because if we were to look for a hotel again, there might be problems. Unfortunately, our country has been invaded by the Russians and the British, and the Turkish guests feel so excluded that we feel like tourists, not them. You can go if your food expectations are low. The water park is really beautiful. When it comes to food, they replenish the takeout when they get to their bill, and when they don't get to their bill, the first person to go and eat gets to eat, and the others don't really care. If you are not looking for taste you can go if you just want to eat fast food it is no problem for me but for this money I recommend you to go to boutique style hotels which are much nicer, because the size of the hotel is 1 big drawback, the food gets cold when you get to the table, it is not hot anyway, it is lukewarm, and you have to go before the Russians and get a seat We tried to laugh and have fun so as not to lose our spirits, but on the day of departure we ran away without looking back. However, if anyone wants to go, they can of course go safely. 26. Yorum: Hello, first of all, we stayed between September 21st and September 25th. We did not pay much attention to the comments made before us, although we should have done so. There are usually Russians in the hotel, you feel like a foreigner next to them. In addition, food was served at every meal, whether in the morning or in the evening, and the hotel had a turkey and fish farm, not to mention the taste of the food, it had a disgusting taste. The staff try their best when it comes to cleanliness, but it's a shame that a 5 star hotel doesn't live up to this standard, especially in terms of food. Don't be fooled by Instagram videos. It is said that it has its own beach, the beach is full of stones, it is as if you are walking on rocks, it is not sandy, you find it difficult to walk. There are always stains and residues on the plates and forks used for cooking. Their sweets look beautiful from the outside, but if you taste them you will be greeted by the disgusting taste that hides behind the beautiful face that appears from the outside. If you read all the comments and want to go, the decision is yours. You'd better get rid of your money in my opinion. Never again. 27. Yorum: As of today, we checked out of Alanya Senza Hotel and went to a hotel for the first time with my wife. We expected a good performance from an all inclusive hotel, considering the money we paid. But it was not what we expected at all, the food was absolutely terrible, it was undercooked and had no taste! What kind of oil did they use that ruined our stomach!! The rooms were good, and a few of the people working there were very friendly, especially Mr. Ibrahim, who was probably the waiter, he was incredibly friendly. They only served foreigners, and did not care about the Turks at all. Of the twenty songs played by the pool, one was in Turkish, for example, Everything was calculated in euros. As you can see, we chose this hotel based on the recommendation of Tatilcikuş, a star hotel, which does not even deserve one star in our eyes!!! The pizza and pasta were good, other than that, none of the food was good… 28. Yorum: We switched from another hotel to extend our vacation for 3 nights at Senza Hotel. The reception was attentive and the hotel's attention ended there. The hotel has 6 elevators, but due to its crowding, you will have to wait at least 15 minutes for the elevator to arrive. The hotel is crowded, and it is far from the sea, so many people use the swimming pool, which is not convenient. We didn't go because the sea is far away, so I can't comment on that part. We went to dinner at the hotel but couldn't eat much, so we had pizza at the bistro style snack bar for 3 days. There is not even cold water in the bar area. When I asked for tea, reasons were given such as the machine had just broken down. When I asked for other drinks from the fridge without ice, they were told there was none in the fridge or that it was out of stock. The hotel staff is young and indifferent. When we talked to the managers that they are more interested in foreign tourists, they said, on the contrary, they say they are very interested in Turks. So probably no one is being properly taken care of. I would not recommend it for those who want a quiet holiday. 29. Yorum: I never write comments, but now my hand is reaching out 😂. We had our vacation in July. I'll start in order: check-in is possible only from 14.00. We arrived at 8am and had neither the strength nor the desire to wait until 2am. Tired and hungry (don't wear a bracelet until 2pm, don't use the services) we paid $40 and were happily accommodated. At the reception, Resul was just a charming young man. I would like to express my deep gratitude to him. Throughout their stay at the hotel, they were only going to him. Thanks Resul, you're awesome 😘. The rooms are very good, of course the cleaning is not very good and the tips are not the best 🤣. In terms of nutrition: there is a lot of food, even children will not go hungry, there is enough variety. I didn't like the watermelon 🍈 and watermelon 🍉, they weren't sweet at all. Cherry 🍒 is incomparable, plum, apricot. There are enough vegetables, fruits and meat. Well, I'm generally silent about sweets and baked goods, there's no comparison 🤤🤤🤤. The bistro bar serves amazing and very delicious pizza. The downside is that there are not enough tables in the main restaurant and bistro, you have to wait with your plate in your hands until a table is available, then wait for it to be cleaned and cutlery brought; at the sea, the bar is open until 5pm, I would like it to be longer, because... It's very hot and you're thirsty all the time; and by the way, there's food there too. A shuttle bus leaves to the sea every half hour. We walked, very close to the road. Across the road to the sea there is an underground passage leading directly to our beach. The pool is clean, but there are not enough sunbeds (annoying), there were enough in the sea 🌊, and most of the people in the pool. I would like to see more animation in the evening, the main focus is on children, but what about adults🫣🤣? There is a disco bar, but it is not always open, and being there is a bit difficult, the air and smell are very heavy. I would like to mention the animators, you guys are fiery 🔥, smart, I didn't remember the names only Maria, because... For us 🤣. The tour operator representative Ali is a great guy, he will tell you everything, explain everything. The wifi is paid which is annoying. Overall, my husband and I were very happy with our vacation and plan to return to Senza with our children. We really liked everything. Thanks to the entire Senza team. I recommend this hotel 🏨 for a 30 day holiday. Yorum: The hotel is really great in terms of size, cleanliness and looks really good. When it comes to cleanliness in the rooms - there are buttons to press. Either you clean for us or you don't. We didn't check twice and the lady still changed our towels and took out the trash. We later noticed that we could tag it, so we did. Every day we had clean towels, the floor washed, the trash removed, and gel, shampoo or soap added. Food - We weren't hungry but you have to be prepared that the food is not seasoned. There are some things that are very delicious, but there are also some things that we don't like. You can sign up for a special dinner during your 7-day stay. We chose fish. It was beautifully presented with shrimp and sushi. When we were at a restaurant, it was sometimes difficult to find a place to eat, so you had to be patient. The food in the other bars is delicious, the pizza is delicious, and the kebabs in the restaurant are perfect. Well organized, smiling and helpful service is a big plus in my opinion. The beach is about 500 meters from the hotel, maybe more, the sunbeds are hidden from the sun, the descent is a bit difficult, but you can descend near the dam and enjoy the hot and great waves. When it comes to WiFi, there is a fee, but it is not an unaffordable cost, 12 euros per person for 6 days. The network is working stably without any problem. I highly recommend this hotel. There are slides and swimming pools for children, you have to pass through a long corridor. There is a milkshake ride to the beach or a 7 minute walk. 31. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good, the swimming pool is clean, but we were not satisfied at all with the food. The hotel owner should question the chefs and staff again, because it is sad and wasteful that ingredients were purchased for which the meal was cooked tasteless, because as I noticed, most people, including us, left it on their plates without eating. This is all nonsense... Also the inexperienced actions and indifferent attitudes of the staff were very bad. In our all inclusive package, most things were subject to additional charges. The evening animation and entertainment by the pool were very boring and tasteless, of course everyone works hard there, but we want to get what we paid for. It would be cheaper if we stayed in a hostel and came to our room before bed and ate out. If you think about cleaning, just clean the toilet! Apart from that, the towels were not changed nor was even a single mop thrown on the floor... In short, let's go back for the second time, we can't say it was an unforgettable little vacation.. I would not recommend it and hope the employer is impressed by the comments and improves their staff and the overall concept. 32. Yorum: After 7 days we can unanimously say that the hotel is definitely not 5 stars. Let's start with the room, which wasn't bad per se, but the dirty mattresses were a bit annoying. In addition, the bathroom equipment had already been badly damaged. The room was cleaned every day, paper, soap etc. were added, the hallways were dirty, it would be nice to clean them and wash the dirty carpets. The elevator is a real tragedy, waiting 10-15 minutes for the elevator and then the smell, dirt and suffocation causes frustration. The cafeteria is the heart of this place. Every day the same, the same. The powerful meatball will accompany you day after day until you leave this place. The food is varied, on average it is the same every two days. But why every other day? If the liver is for lunch on Monday, it will definitely be different for dinner, and then for lunch the next day. Despite its beautiful appearance and quantity, the cake tastes the same, like powder mixed with water. Everything in this hotel is made of powder! Forget that you can drink good coffee here. The only feature here is the fruit and fried eggs in different shapes. Unfortunately, during meals, the sewer smell was so strong that it made eating disgusting. 4 stars for service only because the waiter wearing a Dior belt and white Nike shoes saves the whole situation with his looks, culture and waiter skills. I demand a raise for him! There may have been drinks, but they all tasted like apple sauce. Snack bar, such as pizza, hamburger, etc., is another point of food service in the building. After we arrived, we had to eat there. I won't even comment on what we got there. The highlight of the property is definitely the swimming pool. It is large and the trash is collected there regularly. The big drawback was that people from the East were smoking pipes everywhere and rushing into the canteen like it was the Octagon during an MMA event. Back to the MMA thing, it was nice to see a nice exchange of words and a fight between two Poles, of course without any reaction from the hotel staff. In addition, everything in the hotel is paid: ice cream, pancakes, bag weight, everything! 14 euros for wifi is a joke. In short, the hotel conditions, food and standards are equivalent to a 2 star hotel in Europe. Is it worth it? I think there are many better places for 3.5k. 33. Yorum: Absolutely horrible! We were put here because our booked accommodations were full, but that's another story. We were told we were being upgraded because Senza is a 5 star hotel, it is not at all! We arrived at 4.30am, tired and dirty, only to be given a room on… 34. Yorum: Overall, the rooms, size of the hotel and size of the pools are good, but the food and drink are a complete failure. You can go to an all inclusive hotel, even the simplest cocktails are paid for and we couldn't even buy lemons for the free drinks in the entire hotel. The food is either too spicy, oily, or tasteless. The staff at the snack bar took orders and served them very well, but they warned my wife to ask if you should get dressed, and they didn't warn the tourists who were there at the same time as us, and when I told them they said "we are foreigners", they don't understand that the pool bar closes at 12 midnight, while many people were sitting, they turned off the lights at 12:00, we wanted to sit without drinking alcohol there, but they politely said go away. Never again 👎🏻 35. Yorum: We stayed from August 3 to 8, the hotel is big, the pool is nice, but you can't find a place at 7 am, you put your towel on the sun lounger, otherwise it's always full, people put their towels and go to different places, I left the beach rocky, I couldn't enter without sea shoes understandable, but no alcohol should be included, we couldn't find ayran for children's meals for a week, and when we asked the waiters, they said it wasn't there, just imagine the staff is trying to do something, but their numbers are very insufficient. Breakfast was good if I say food, it was average. Only the cold appetizers are nice, the fries and onion rings are nice. The desserts were just good, and the cakes were good. The chicken world was good too. There was no proper red meat for a week, and every hotel served meatballs every day, and even that wasn't available like turkey, you'll like it because turkey is served at every meal, as for the food in any hotel, I've never come across the phrase "no more", but thanks to Senza the Inn, I've come across it too. 36. Yorum: We travelled with TUI for the first and last time. We found a room with a shower and moldy walls, the air conditioning only worked when we were in the room and the balcony was closed, the guy announced that it was supposed to be like this, then it turned out we had no hot water. We were able to change the room and it turned out that the air conditioning could work better, the room was clean, but the TV did not work. After reporting, the guy came to check and was supposed to come back, but we didn't. I won't see him until the end of the trip. There weren't enough tables in the cafeteria, you had to fight for a seat, and the staff weren't good at cleaning. The tiles surrounding the pool were falling off regularly, and every day there were posts in a different place to plug the holes, which were quickly repaired. There is no air conditioning in the common areas, the hallways and elevators are death traps, sweat was running down my forehead, then there was air conditioning in the room, which made my whole family sick after a few days. The hotel disco is a drama, where you go underground, and the smell of dampness and mold is present all the time. The service was nice and helpful which is the biggest plus of this hotel, but we definitely won't stay there again. 37. Yorum: The animation team is great, you don't get bored. Every evening there is a programme for children and adults. The hotel and food are good. The beach can be reached in a five-minute walk. |The staff are all very nice.|The rooms are cleaned daily. 38. Yorum: An unforgettable holiday. Insider advice. The hotel, the location, the beach, highly recommended.|| The staff, the hotel manager Fevzi Gulbeyaz were great! || Rooms are clean, food with a large selection, variety of different restaurants, very nice facilities, everything as it should be.|| … 39. Yorum: SENZA is another hotel on my trips to Türkiye. I read reviews and try to verify them. The hotel is really great in terms of size, cleanliness and looks really good. When it comes to room cleanliness, as we mentioned earlier, there are special buttons that provide information to the cleaning ladies that this room needs cleaning. After service it is clean and fragrant. If you do not use the buttons, you will not be cleaned throughout your stay. The pools are great and the water is fresh and it is a shame not to use the poolside bar as there are so many possibilities and it would be a great loss not to use them. Food - I have to admit that after 7 days you can get a bit monotonous in the main restaurant. If someone is interested in seafood, for example, unfortunately I couldn't find it during my stay. Meat mainly chicken in several ways. The big drawback is the labeling of the dishes, either they are missing or the information is rudimentary, for example chicken and that's it. But you can live with it. The main restaurant is clearly understaffed - there aren't enough of them, which often makes it difficult to find a seat. The food in the other bars is delicious, the pizza is delicious, and the kebabs in the restaurant are simply amazing. It is worth diversifying the food by alternating between the main restaurant and other restaurants. The service is very well organized, smiling and helpful, which is a big plus in my opinion, although there is always a black sheep, like the waiter in the pizza bar, according to whom every drink must be accompanied by a tip, which every time I ordered he pointed to a glass with tips. It was very annoying but other than that the rest of the service was really great. The beach is about 500 meters from the hotel, maybe more, the sunbeds are hidden from the sun, the descent is a bit difficult, but you can go down near the dam and enjoy the hot water, not here it has the opportunity to cool down. You can have a snack at the beach bar, but unfortunately you can't have a drink at the bar. Only beer and cold drinks are available. When it comes to WiFi, there are fees, but it's not an unbearable cost, the internet works stably without any problems. I highly recommend this hotel. 40. Comment: Better go to a hostel .. Unfortunately, this hotel has 5 stars. The food is bad (if the police came, they would close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach with a tractor) it is in such a bad place. There is no activity. At 20:00 in the evening, everyone is asleep. Definitely don't drink alcohol, you will go blind. It's better to go to a hostel instead of coming here. Insufficient staff. There are lines everywhere. Your holiday that you came to spend beautiful days with may be ruined. Bezler Kisinlikli Bisman Olduk. It is definitely better to go to a hostel. Unfortunately this hotel is 5 stars. The food is bad (if the police come, they will close the hotel), the location is very bad (they take you to the beach on a tractor), this is a bad place. There are no events. 20:00 pm everyone is asleep Never drink alcohol, you will go blind. It's better to go to a hostel than to come here. There are not enough staff, there are queues everywhere, and your vacation that you came to have a great time may be ruined. We certainly regret this. I definitely don't recommend you attend. 41. Yorum: Cheapest 5 star hotel. After reading the comments, I was prepared for a worse standard than what I found. Pros: We had mezzanine rooms, generally nice, and a very nice dinner prepared upon request once during the stay. I recommend!!! Delicious pizza! I also recommend a nice chicken restaurant. Well, the water park is a nice ship for kids. Transport to the sea every 30 minutes but it is close to a 5 minute walk, the beach is rocky but on the right is sandy. Near Alanya. After reaching the street in front of the beach, turn left for 100 meters at the traffic light and there is a dolmus stop for 1.5 euros to Cleopatra Beach. Great lobby with spacious sofas and Turkish coffee. cons . The rooms stink of sewage and hopeless alcohol/drinks. Egyptian beer/wine. There are no quieter places to relax outside the lobby. Heavily chlorinated water. System, cafeteria, common areas. Animation for 3. It is a budget hotel, WiFi is paid per device, and the cost of an additional second room card is 5 euros. Check-in to the room is from 2 pm, if you want earlier, the fee is 30 euros per room. It's the same if you leave after 10.00 you have to pay or leave the room. - They make money on it. Another drawback - strange guests, I think of the Poles - a lot of tattooed burqas. Overall the hotel is worth the price. Good for kids, can be a base for trips to Alanya and Side - 20 minutes with dolmus. There are many shops and shopping malls nearby. On Sunday there is a big market nearby. The photo shows the water park, which is accessible via a tunnel from the hotel. You can also see a tractor delivering to the beach 42. Yorum: We have provided accommodation in honeymoon concept between 09.09.2024-12.09.2024. The reviews were bad, and we hadn't decided whether to go or not, but Zainab, the lady we met to book, convinced us. It wasn't as bad as the reviews said. Our room was clean and nice. The shared toilets are cleaned constantly, only the toilets near the pool are dirty. The food was very good and varied. Tavuk Dünyası was closed when we went, but there was a pizza and hamburger section. The pizza was very delicious, but not all of the employees working in this section, but most of them, were very angry and sullen. The staff were young. We were not very happy with their attitude and behaviour in this department. We even got rude and it wasn't nice at all. All the staff, except for the pizza and hamburger section, were friendly and attentive. If you don't like a meal, you have many alternatives. The sweets and cakes are also very nice. The beach is also a beautiful sandy beach. We were generally satisfied. 43. Yorum: The hotel is definitely not worth 5*. The number of seats during meals is certainly very small compared to the number of people in the hotel, so finding a seat takes a lot of time. The rooms are standard for a 4 star hotel (very small) and the extra bed is a camp bed placed under the table in the room. Clean your heads every day just to mark it. The hotel service is hopeless (this is clearly demonstrated by the situation during one of the dinners when the waiter asked for 2 euros to clean the table). The beach is a misconception: next to the breakwater, far from the hotel, you can get there by the hotel tractor - seriously, it's very small, I wouldn't even recommend going there for families with children. Due to the quality and remoteness of the beach, we spent the whole day at the pool. Nice pool for kids. Everything would be great if it weren't for the fact that the staff couldn't clean up the floating feces in the kids' pool for three days. Monotonous animation, same thing every evening. Unfortunately this is the worst hotel I have ever been to. 1/10 44. Yorum: I don't recommend it. We were with friends with kids 4+3. The food is the same every day, no variety. Same fruit, same wraps, same meats and cheeses, same thing for dinner every day. 6 days wifi for 12 euros in a 5 star hotel? That's some misunderstanding. The corridors were dirty, the floor in the cafeteria was sticky, there were practically no forks and everyone had to find them on their own. But what literally takes the cake are the elevators. They pose a serious threat to life and health, every time the elevator doors close as we enter. We cut several times, no sensors. They locked the strollers with the kids and us. The pools were clean, the service was quite nice. If you tip, the drink will taste good. The minibar is refilled for a fee (you can have drinks for free only once - even juices with straws for children have to be paid for). Paid ice cream and pies... Underground passage to the beach, ugly and narrow beach. To be honest, we stayed in a 3 star hotel a year ago and it was definitely better, better food, cleanliness, rooms, free WiFi throughout the property. Here, unfortunately, it gives a maximum of 2 *. 45. Yorum: Yesterday we came back from the hotel, we had room number 3509 with pool view. The room is clean, has a large space, and has a balcony. The air conditioning works flawlessly. Nice and helpful staff, bartenders are great 😊 Very large selection of food, everyone will find something for themselves, snacks are served between main meals: pizza, hamburgers, pasta. Alcohol is good and colorful drinks are also available. Bottled water is available without restrictions in refrigerators. The hotel offers animation, mini disco and Zumba in the pool. The pool is clean and perfect with a depth of 140 cm. There are plenty of sun loungers, and you can always find a spot for yourself, but unfortunately after 2pm some of the sun loungers are already in the shade. Music is played by the pool during the day, so it's never boring. Unfortunately, the beach is rocky and narrow. You can purchase Wi-Fi at the hotel, which works great throughout the entire facility. A great solution is buttons that we press when we want to clean the room or when we don't want to be disturbed. We highly recommend it, the hotel overall met our expectations. 😊 46. Yorum: There is no valet at the entrance, you can unpack your bag and find a place to park your car. The rooms are cleaned every day. There is cola, fanta and two types of tea in the mini bar at the entrance and it is not replenished every day. There was a strong smell of chlorine in the pool, and my child swallowed the water and vomited. We took him to the hospital. He knew I went to the hospital. The employee didn't even ask what happened. The swimming pools are very dirty. Well for those who can drink alcohol and drink 10 glasses of whiskey and you will never feel like you have drunk alcohol. The main restaurant is stuffy and the food smells mix together creating a bad smell and making you feel nauseous. God does not write it as a sin, but it is a disgrace. We eat chicken doner pizza every day in chicken world. The staff are always between 17 and 19 years old, and no one knows where they are. The water park is open 4 hours a day and you have to wait for at least 15 people to slide in front of you, there is a long queue. There is a queue at the pool bar and you have to wait at least 5 minutes for your turn. It is 500 meters from the hotel and you go there by tractor trailer (you park if you can't find a place). The sun loungers on the beach and the beach are very dirty, garbage everywhere. The sea is very cloudy and choppy. 2 so far. We paid 39k for 5 nights with the first child, but unfortunately it was not worth it. Think again before you go. The number of sun loungers at the pool is also limited. To make a reservation, you must wake up at 7am and put on your towel. Animation is non-existent, and we are constantly asked by the pool if we want to go to a nightclub or a foam party by paying money. There are many, but whatever. In short, no service, I don't know what happened before, but I think they lowered the quality to lower the price. I advise you not to go so as not to spoil your vacation, and the rooms were not fully cleaned. 47. Comment: !!! Total disappointment!!! The hotel was a complete disaster. The food was tasteless, fish was served every day, such a monotonous and inadequate menu is unacceptable. We ate pizza and pasta to avoid hunger. The only good food at the hotel was the pizza. The animators were very disrespectful and indifferent, not taking proper care of the guests, let alone doing their job. The cartoon was out on Sunday. When we asked for a ball to play a game on the artificial turf, we were told that there would be no activity today. We complained to the front desk and found a solution and most of the staff were dissatisfied, which led to a decrease in the quality of service overall. We can't believe we paid money for this service. I definitely don't recommend it, you won't get your money's worth even though the hotel is UHD, many things are paid (even the Wi-Fi password), I hope this review is helpful to vacationers who are thinking of going. 48. Yorum: I stayed with my family in the hotel from July 20 to July 27 (room 2076 which is the second floor overlooking the street and the hotel front), the building has 5 floors and sometimes you have to wait for a while for the elevator to arrive, the hotel meets all my expectations. Very nice lady who cleaned our room every day, the room was well equipped, plenty of space, with an extra bed for a child, a large bathroom, and a mini bar that was stocked with soft drinks once during the stay. The air conditioning worked flawlessly, the room was well soundproofed, and there was no outside noise from nearby hotels. The staff were very helpful every step of the way, they cared about our comfort, and we didn't have to worry about anything. In addition to the main restaurant, there is also an area where kebabs, French fries, pizza, etc. are served. Kids menu :). Meals are served by waiters at tables, you don't have to queue, fresh, prepared regularly, good food, and a large selection of unlimited bottled water is available. The animation is already busy at 9am every day. But this is the fault of the tourists who occupy the lounge chairs in the early hours. However, there are always some free places in the pool next to the water park and the hotel cable car leading to the sea, you must have water shoes because the entrance is rocky. There are only bazaars in the area, so if you want to see more you can use public transport and go to Alanya, Side and Manavgat which are about 400 meters from the hotel Alanya The facility is large, with loud music playing all the time, which didn't bother us because we had already seen the review on YouTube, so we knew what to expect, which is that there is a lifeguard at the hotel and the pool, which is not very obvious as I haven't always encountered it in more expensive hotels, and it is worth buying WiFi as it works throughout the whole hotel, and doesn't get crowded. If we have a teenager who never leaves his phone, this is a much cheaper option than buying SIM cards with internet in Türkiye. In short, the facility will be ideal for families with children and young people. There is something going on in the hotel all the time, and no one should be bored. I would not recommend it to people who are looking for peace and dream of relaxing quietly on a lounge chair by the pool 😉 I am definitely adding the hotel to my list of favorite facilities and taking it into consideration when choosing my next vacation. 49. Yorum: I stayed the first week of August. Let me tell you the positive and negative events for your information. We entered the hotel as it was the first hotel in my life that did not use air conditioning in the lobby area. The reception arranged our rooms without any problems, no problem in this part. The issue of food and variety is quite relative, we saw baklava one day out of 5 nights on Turkish night, but the grilled chicken was tense etc. There was. We didn't go hungry, they make the world of chicken and pizza, orders are taken completely to order and served by waiters, we never had lunch, it was very nice here. There are 500 rooms in the hotel, double occupancy for 3 people and 1500 average guests, but there are not 200 sun loungers in the pool, so we could not sleep on a sun lounger for 5 days. We have not had any problems with the staff, they do their best, but they are lacking. Queues at bars are not acceptable. At the pool bar, a staff member is available for drinks within 15 minutes at the earliest. Let's talk about the quality of alcohol. For a 5 star hotel, the quality of alcohol is very poor, except for beer. It's a brand of alcohol I've never heard of before and it tastes really bad. Aqua is nice, but there are only two boats in the boat section, which is a shame. The hotel also charges 250 TL for the password for one paid internet device. The safe in the room costs money, for God's sake, even the bag scale in the door costs 1 euro. Please don't chase such small prices. If you don't expect alcohol, you can go. 50. Yorum: I stayed with my family for a week. 70% of the hotel is Russian tourists, and the remaining 30% is Turkish and other tourists. Overall, the water park was nice and good (of course the supervisors were sometimes harsh on the tourists). The room was good, the air conditioning was very good and the room was clean, but even though they said we change the towels and bed sheets every 3 days, they didn't change them even though we stayed for 5 nights. There is a lot of variety in the food, but the taste is questionable and there is a strange smell at the entrance of the restaurant. The grill section is very successful and I especially recommend the pita bread and pizza. The activities in the pool are successful. There is no distinction between guests between Turks and tourists. The only negative information I can give about the hotel is especially over the phone when making a reservation. Although I asked, I was told that there is ice cream service, but there is no ice cream service in the hotel, they only sell it by the pool for money. When we mentioned the same problem, we were told that it was there before but was removed, which was a very ridiculous answer. But other than that, we had a very happy holiday and since we don't drink alcohol, I can't comment on that issue. But the Turkish coffee etc was good I would recommend it for families on vacation. As for the beach and the coast, I did not like the location of the hotel, it is beautiful and the bar on the beach works very well, but the beach was not clean. We just went to the beach, enjoyed the water for 15 minutes, then got out, and spent the rest of the day enjoying the pool at the hotel. 51. Yorum: First, instead of this hotel, we booked another hotel from this hotel (i.e. both hotels belong to Senza). After traveling for 12 hours, they said there was no room for us in the hotel and said let us host you in our other hotel. They said the other hotel was nice and directed us there since there was no room, so why not call ahead and let us know. If you are booking a hotel with Senza, ask before you go to see if there is space because they do not call you. The food is really bad. When I looked at other hotels before going on vacation, people said the food was bad, and I wondered how the food in hotels could actually be that bad. Only go if you want to be full. The swimming pool is nice but not enough considering the number of people in the hotel. Finally, how can an elevator stay out of service for one day? Please maintain your elevators on time. 52. Yorum: We are still staying at the hotel now, but we were not satisfied at all, we came because it was very all inclusive, but we were told that even the ice cream is paid, and everything is free for 24 hours. Even in much cheaper hotels it is free, there is no proper animation, there are always events outside the hotel (such as a foam party, disco, etc.) they invite you there, of course paid, they say that you will be bored here today, there will be no events. We asked to change the room for 2 days and they never answered, they always move it to the next day, I think they are delaying us waiting for our day to end, we talked for 2 adults and 2 children, it would have been a big room, we paid almost 10000 TL for the second child, but there is not even a bed, there is an extra bed for him unfortunately, we were brought and thrown into a narrow room. Customer satisfaction is zero, they don't care at all, they just say everything is fine until you receive payment. 53. Yorum: Everything was terrible, I regretted coming there, the food was so bad, we stayed for 4 nights, I ate cheese and tomatoes in between, the rooms were not cleaned, the cupboards were full of dust, the sheets were not changed, the staff are very annoying and rude, when we sit in the bar section, when it is close to closing, the staff literally throws chairs on the table as if they are about to close. No, no polite warning, no.. Just go, you will understand, it is a hotel that I definitely do not recommend, I literally felt hungry, believe me, they used every part of the chicken, I think it is a chicken farm working every evening 😄 No red. Meat, it comes out once a week, and I didn't mind because I stayed for 4 days..... I am amazed how you made such a big hotel so disgusting.... Management needs to change urgently. 54. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel we stayed at for 2 nights and 3 days, and we checked out only one day before. The hotel pool is generally nice, but the staff are very arrogant, hesitant and a bit rude. Just take care of the Turkish bath which was friendly. The cleanliness is very bad. The beds are very uncomfortable. The food types are very few and taste bad. All inclusive is very limited. As for the bar section, the staff serve you as if they were under gunpoint. The alcohol type is very low. I don't need to say that. It's bad enough to drink. It is literally under Russian invasion. Everywhere there is a queue to get a beer. The only thing I liked was that the pizza was good and the atmosphere and the pool and the rest was not nice at all. 55. Yorum: We are out as of today. We stayed 13 people for 4 nights and 5 days. I was very scared when I read the comments, but it was not what I feared. The menu wasn't as bad as stated, it was enough for me. Yes, there was a problem waiting for the elevator because the hotel was very big and very crowded. It wasn't a big deal for us. The rooms are very nice and clean, in fact the hotel is very clean in general. You always have things to eat. The animation team is very good, they really love their job. They do everything to entertain the guests. I liked it very much overall and I would definitely recommend it. Finally, it was commented that the sea was too far away. There are vehicles every half hour and the journey takes 3 minutes by car and 6 minutes on foot. You shouldn't exaggerate too much 😁 I was satisfied and would definitely recommend it. 56. Yorum: The hotel is not a hotel for its price. You can find better hotels for the same price. I can say we ate french fries for 3 days. There is never red meat, and meatballs and vasen are served as a delicacy, but their food is exhausted and never replenished. If you love chicken and turkey, you may never eat it again when you stay at this hotel. The pizza at the snack bar was nice. The food at Chicken World is also good, but not very popular with local guests. After we ordered, the orders for the six tables that came after us also arrived, but our orders arrived after we reminded them for the fourth time. If you want to stay hungry and lose weight, you can choose this hotel. The hotel cleanliness is very good, you will not face any problems regarding cleanliness. We would also like to thank our brother Mohammed at the pool bar, his attention was very kind. There was a friend in the aqua park and he helped us too, we thank him too. 57. Yorum: Hi we stayed for 4 nights and 5 days we chose this hotel because of the water park. The bartenders inside are very rude, Saba speaks in a disrespectful manner, the hotel room smells like garbage, this is a common complaint, there were the same complaints in different rooms. Room cleaning is not enough, the smell of the dining hall entrance is very bad, there are few lifeguards in the aquapark section and there is no control over people swimming, you cannot swim in the pools because of dirty hair. We couldn't go into the sea because it was too dirty. It's nice to focus on seafood every day, the a la carte restaurants are successful, and the desserts and cakes are good. Bars are enough 58. Yorum: Considering the price we paid for the hotel, the standard was very adequate. There is a lot of food, and sometimes several things on the buffet taste very similar to each other, but you can find some nice things to eat at each meal. Of course, people from Poland (and not only) will complain that the fish is not fresh or that something is wrong. I would like to see how they provide such a big hotel that accommodates hundreds of guests with fresh fish and high quality food XD If someone wants to eat great dishes, he can pay 2000 PLN, but not for the whole stay, but only for one person. day. Then you definitely won't be disappointed. The swimming pool and water park are a big plus, it is clean and safe, as there is a lifeguard. Animators also vary the time starting in the morning. Another feature is the tractor ride from the hotel to the beach. It's a nice convenience, although the beach is only a 5 minute walk away. The service is great too. What you have read in the previous opinions is a lie, and you cannot agree with it. Many of them know Polish, Russian, English and German so well that you can easily communicate with them about current travel issues and even talk about the weather. The only thing left to discuss is the condition of the bathroom in the room. A few refreshments were needed (especially the shower screen and sink faucet), but that didn't affect the comfort of my stay. Overall, I liked my stay, if I return to this area, I will gladly come back here :) 59. Yorum: As Turks, if you want to be treated like a second class citizen, this is the hotel you should choose. The attention to tourists, the service, the smiling face, everything is great. The moment they see a Turk, their faces fall, the bartenders roll their eyes, and they don't look at your face while you're making jokes with tourists. “They don't even want to play Turkish songs. We forced them to play. There were about 10 to 15 Turkish families during our stay. “No one was satisfied when we complained in groups and insisted on certain things.” Our complaints were taken seriously, water and coffee in the rooms are not replenished. Shared toilets smell like urine. There is always a shortage of bars, even ice is hard to find. I've never heard of anything more ridiculous with paid wifi. How is this possible in a 5 star hotel? The food is tasteless and the same every day, nothing noteworthy. We stayed for 7 days on the first day of the Turkish night, different delicious dishes were served. If you're late, you won't be able to find a decent dessert for dinner. There is good food at Tavuk Dünyası Restaurant. We always eat there. At Aqua, the food is made from ready-made dough. Eating and drinking on the beach is very limited and also on the beach there was no special organization for the Turks on the Turkish night, only the flag was hung, live music was played, even on the Turkish night foreign songs were sung during the live music. Everyone has booked through SBAAH. Although the sun loungers are empty during the day, they cannot be used due to the availability of towels. The kids' pool slippers fell off the awning in the car for 3 days and we were told we would pick them up and deliver them to the front desk. We were late the whole time, but we managed to get it removed by telling them twice at the exit. 60. Yorum: I stayed 5 nights. The bus ride is terrible. Could not find shuttle bus, due to wrong stop number then 2.5 hours round trip and 3 hours return with no air conditioning. I arrived at the hotel and the reception staff had limited English. You were taken to the next room and it was like… 61. Yorum: We stayed for 6 days and 5 nights. First, the hotel is quite big. Since we went during peak season, it was very crowded. For such a large hotel, the dining area was inadequate, and we had a lot of trouble finding a table. It would be unfair to describe the food as bad. Of course, you can't please everyone, but dessert was always the same except for Turkish Night on our last day, where a milk pudding-like dessert was always served on top of the cake. The pasta and pizza at the bistro were very delicious. We didn't get to experience the world of chicken. The toilet area in the pool smelled very strong and was very difficult to get in with kids and was not reliable in terms of cleanliness. The pie was only in the water section, so you had to go there from the main building. There were 5 slides in the aqua, we mostly preferred it for the aqua, but there was no queue due to the crowding, which is not a problem in the hotel anyway, we couldn't use that side much they were on the 3rd floor, although the Turkish guests staying on some floors said their sheets and towels were changed, our sheets and towels were not. If there wasn't a stain, you wouldn't know when it was. I could tell from the few traces left on the towel that it hadn't changed. One of the biggest problems is finding a sunbed. Tourists put towels on them all night. Even when we woke up at 6am, there were towels on the sun loungers, and we would wake up at 6am to take the sun loungers as if we were playing a game of corner, i.e. the shows in the amphitheater were not enough and the entertainment part could be improved. 62. Yorum: My mom and I came here in October for 11 nights | I'll start my review with paid internet - $2 per day. You won't find free internet anywhere |. Of course everyone cleaned the rooms, they forgot to put the towels several times, but this is not a problem, after requesting, they immediately reported | Service … 63. Yorum: Hello. Unfortunately, we stayed at the hotel between August 23 and 28, 2024. In my opinion, the hotel is definitely out of standard and I am writing this review even before checking out. First of all, the restaurant is a complete failure. Yes there are various foods but only chicken and its derivatives. We stayed for 5 days, fish is not chicken and grilled fish is not fish. Rooms are supposed to be cleaned every day. They went to the room where I packed my things and left to form the SDC Pique. I had to change the bed sheets. Unfortunately, when the meals were finished, there was no addition, especially in place of the sweet salad, and often there was not much left. Add lentil soup or bulgur. The only good thing was that the bistro there had the best pizza. We ate pizza for 5 days. The sea must be one of the most neglected and dirty properties in Antalya. I have never seen anything like this in Antalya, as I have visited it many times before. I bought this vacation after looking at the reviews, but it was a complete disappointment. 64. Yorum: We checked out of the hotel 2 days ago with my wife and child, first of all, I would like to say that it is a complete family hotel, in general, almost all guests are families. The food is generally good, we were very pleased especially with the pizza section and the chicken world, the water park in the hotel is very nice, the friend called Mohammed is very attentive and entertains the guests well, regardless of whether they are adults or children, except for the minor shortcomings, it is an ideal hotel with value for money. I would especially like to thank the hotel manager Erkan Bey for his care and attention, and I recommend you to meet him. You can stay at the hotel with peace of mind, taking into account the accommodation prices compared to hotels in the area. 65. Yorum: I share most of the opinions, and I rate the hotel at 4 stars at most. Surprisingly, there were no bedside lamps in the room as I wanted to read before bed. Egyptian darkness in the bathroom. There were sun loungers by the sea, but they were very dirty, and there was swimming in the sea with floating plastic and other dirt. What's the plus... The pizza is delicious!! 😊 66. Yorum: Clean rooms and red and green room service call system (buttons next to the bed)👍🏼 Food and drink 24 hours a day: best grilled dishes, very good pizza, attractive desserts, soup available at night... Everyone will find something for themselves. Local spirits, undiluted. It is a 5 minute walk from the beach, and for the lazy ones there is a bus every hour. Free sun loungers, fresh snacks and soft drinks on the beach. Positive animation entertains people all day long. In addition, the hotel has a gym with many cardio machines, atlas, barbells and dumbbells weighing up to 25 kg; aqua park and a mini club for children. We did not use the baths, sauna and spa. There is a bus to Alanya on the main street 1e away. Cons: Paid Wi-Fi; unpleasant smell in the disco club. Live music under the windows until midnight, just on the day of your trip, when you wake up at 1am😴 Overall, the hotel met our expectations, as we were there in May 2024. 67. Yorum: We just finished our vacation at this hotel. My rating is 4/5 Why? Negative point: Bad smell of sewage is felt in the room and in the swimming pool. The food wasn't really to my taste. My husband loved it, so as he writes, it's a matter of taste, but I'll definitely remember the pizza and onion rings, they were delicious! The downside is that the wifi is paid and we had several situations when we got to the pool later and there was not a single free sunbed. In the cafeteria, the staff did not clean the tables. Many times we had situations where there were dirty cutlery or they were missing altogether, and we had to go and look for them. No more flaws. There are large swimming pools and a beautiful water park for the kids, keeping them busy all day long. There is a bar in this area serving drinks and beers. Very positively, high-end drinks like Cola Fanta and others. The lady makes pancakes and they are very good. Great pizza in a restaurant with a menu, to eat which you have to order, among other things, 3 types of pizza and pasta soup. The chicken restaurant was worse than the pizza restaurant in terms of taste. The room was cleaned well. Unfortunately, we got it from another hotel where there was very loud music until 11pm, which was a minus for us because we were with small children, but, for example, the people next door were sitting on the balcony and watching the shows. The area is quiet. There are a lot of markets and men next to the hotel asking you to buy something. Walking distance to the beach is a few minutes. Underground or hotel pick-up service at certain times. Sun loungers and a bar are available at the hotel on the beach 68. Yorum: I wanted to share my experience about the hotel we stayed in for 5 nights and 6 days. First of all, we would like to thank the staff in the lobby and pastry department, they are very kind, smiling and nice. The location of the hotel is nice, the aqua park is also very nice, it is a hotel where kids can have fun, that's why we chose it, but the so called disco of the hotel was only open for one night even though we had 5 people. -Overnight stay. The animation was very inadequate. On the last day, the animation team asked for extra fees to do the animation somewhere else, it seemed ridiculous, so I went to the hotel and heard about it for the first time. The food has been said to be bad, but in general all hotels serve the chicken they serve one day, marinate it the next day and serve it as something else, and it's hard to please these 1500 people at the same time. Not bad, but the variety of desserts was not good, it seems that the milk desserts are made with water and not milk.. The toilets in -1 smell excessively, I think this is the biggest problem in the hotel and a solution must be found urgently. I highly recommend Chicken World, Pizza and Hamburger. Room cleaning and pool cleaning are good The hotel is very big and I think there is a shortage of staff. Everyone said they were kicking us out at 12, but we didn't experience anything like that, and no one took our bracelets and said goodbye. The server was very kind to us when we arrived and when we left, we loved the incredibly friendly brother so much, us and our kids ☺️😇 I liked it, it's not a hotel you should never visit 🙏 69. Yorum: Yeah, I don't know where to start, I have to write the bad part of it, so that those who will go and leave at noon know, or I don't know if the managers who read this will take it into consideration, but I thought I would write it. The rooms are not bad, my room is cleaned every day. Ms. Silla was very attentive in the hall. Innocent Turker, who was deceived by saying unlimited food and drinks, went there with my wife and friends on a whim, but when you say alcohol, you need a thousand witnesses, drinks under the stairs make you blind, but I heard the name of Royal Raki for the first time, like us, there were many people who brought their drinks with them, and unfortunately we were deceived in this regard. Food-wise, it was very poor and not suitable as an appetizer. It was supposed to be a dessert, but I think it's too much and needs to be changed. The last two days have been good. I loved the kids' chicken and pizza world, but I think it should be free. Children's activities are developed, the same music and dances every evening are boring. The kids were bored in 3 days so the activity was very bad and I didn't see any maintenance I will go again and will not recommend it to my friends. I find it average in terms of price and performance. On the last day, we spent a Turkish day indoors, and thank God we had a great time. 70. Yorum: Even though I had two older children, I was given an open family room, it didn't have a separate room, the sea was very far away, you had to walk from here to there, it was transported by car for a while, it was like that. Ridiculous, there is no food in the water, it is on the beach until 16 o'clock, then there is no food or drink, and the sea is rocky, up to a certain point. It was the same meals, the same desserts for 7 days, nothing was different. What is over will not be renewed. A fight broke out, there was no security, so the organizers broke it up. We were able to eat at Tavuk Dünyası restaurant, where there are only 5-6 types of food and the fixing does not change. We were shocked by the discrimination against Turks and the lack of service. They brought drinks to the tourists next to us and told us to buy them ourselves every two minutes. The toilets next to the dining hall smell bad even though they are next to the dining hall and are not clean. The lockers are paid. It was never like a 5 star hotel. There is no ventilation in the elevators and lobby, the lights are turned off. While eating, dancing or sitting, you may suddenly be left in the dark because once the hour is up, the lights are turned off as if you were fired. We regret choosing this hotel every day for 7 days. 71. Yorum: First of all, I don't agree with any of the comments. If our compatriots expect a much higher level of service from a hotel of a price and performance, then there are hotels with much higher prices, they can choose only this place. 90% of the hotel was foreigners and everyone was happy with their situation. Except for us Turkish citizens, people go there why is it bad according to whom? We had a great time, my wife and I. Especially the friendly welcome at the door, thank you very much, wish everyone a happy holiday. 72. Yorum: We stayed as two families with children for 3 nights. The hotel is satisfactory in terms of location and physical facilities. It has obviously provided very good service in the past, but now, I don't know if it is due to financial concerns or other reasons, many of the facilities have become unusable and it has been a complete disappointment for us. First of all, although we are not people who have high expectations from hotels; for the first time, we could not find anything to eat in the hotel restaurant. Always the same type of food, poor quality and chicken world makes up for this gap to some extent, but the restaurant is disappointing. The staff shortage is evident in every part of the hotel. For example, the swimming pool and the water area are fine, but especially in the water section, the lack of staff and therefore lack of supervision leads to people slipping on each other and causing accidents. My wife had back pain for 3 days after she was hit by someone coming from behind without waiting for her to get off the slide. Of course, no one was interested. When cleaning the room, they just change the towels in the room and leave. There is supposed to be water in the mini bar daily, but we had to carry water from the bar to the restaurant, etc. etc. In short, we went in optimistic and left unhappy. 73. Yorum: Stay at the hotel in August 2024. It was the worst trip we ever took. Cons: - The staff don't speak English, even when you want to know if you can add ham to your pizza, you have to ask for help because no one understands - The doctor at the hotel is actually a nurse and doesn't even have a waterproof patch, but she is very nice and helpful - The hotel is dangerous, it's slippery around the pool and in the elevators, there are tiles everywhere that people splash water on from the pool - Everywhere is dirty, it smells like sewage - The eternal shortage of sunbeds, they are always taken, people throw towels and occupy them all day, often not showing up for a few minutes - There is constant music by the pool, everyone smokes cigarettes wherever they can, and makes fools of themselves - The food is cold, the potatoes and chicken are often raw, the salad bar is scarce - Only instant coffee, you won't drink real coffee throughout your stay - Lunch time is very short, 1.5 hours, considering there are not always seats at the tables and there are a lot of people - Cutlery is practically non-existent, everything is missing, the staff can't keep up with reports, you often eat at a dirty table, With food leftovers from previous people who ate there - back to the danger, you should be especially careful when visiting the children's water park! Sharp and dangerous edges, my daughter tore a piece of skin on her chin and had to be stitched, a nurse from the hotel helped us organize the hospital, but I wouldn't wish anyone to stitch their child in such circumstances - The lady in the hotel store was not surprised that another accident happened in the water park - The "Aqua Park" itself is open 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon - The hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, everywhere around it - The service and all the staff at all points available in the hotel demand tips at every turn, which is very annoying because they are actually unable to even answer basic questions - The hotel is full of rude Russians - In the evening there is a mini disco, but the children didn't even want to stay there, it was very boring - There are no attractions for adults in the evening, but if you are lucky and have a room with a balcony overlooking the street, as there is another hotel on the other side, you can enjoy various shows there, such as acrobatics and others. - Hopeless drinks, served in the worst quality plastic - For the first time in the all inclusive option, I faced the fact that late in the evening, when, for example, the children were hungry, there was nothing to eat in this hotel. Soup is served only throughout the night. -The cost of the trip was very high for Turkey during the high season, we can also compare it because we travel in different ways -The hotel has nothing to do with 5 stars, for me less than 3 -You get one card for your room so you don't leave the other one in the room and don't turn on the air conditioner when you leave. Actually, I don't know why cards are issued when you can enter the room by just pressing the door handle - the room is okay in size but dirty and the bedding is dirty and made of an unknown material. Actually, it's hard to call it a bed, it's a piece of sheet a little thicker than a sheet - The first night in the room the air conditioning worked like a tank, fortunately it was fixed on the second day - Very few elevators, you have to wait forever, the stairs are very steep and generally uncomfortable, this hotel is very disappointing, it's clear that it's run by someone hopelessly. The only positives are the nurse and the clean water in the pool. 74. Yorum: We went as three families between May 4th and 8th. 95% of clients are Russians, Georgians, etc. 🐻 There is a great variety of food, but I can't say it's delicious. There are plenty of places to eat throughout the day. You will never feel hungry.🐈 The number of slices is enough. But it's about the toilet. A foot washing area is required upon entering the pool. 5 minutes walk to the sea. You can go to and from the beach by tractor trailer at certain hours. There is a cafeteria on the beach and it is free 🦆 The sea was less than I expected. No smell but cloudy. If you're just going to the beach, don't go. I would definitely recommend joining the boat tour. It added a lot of color to our vacation, it's paid.🐬 The cleaning issue is not bad. Not all employees are the same. There are those who are very careless, and there are those who love their job. It also reflects the pressure associated with customer density. 🦁 There are shows for children and adults at night. 3 points out of 5. Alcohol is very bad. You may not go blind, but your stomach may be upset. 👓 There is a club inside the hotel. Open 9-12 midnight. 2/5 There is no place to visit in Turkler district. 🍊 I will say in general. If you are someone going to an all inclusive hotel for the first time, the service is adequate. Very good for the price. Those with high expectations may pay more and go elsewhere. They don't say cheap meat can't be cooked for free 75. Yorum: Worst place I've ever been to. With the encouragement of my travel agent, I ignored many of the negative reviews, which I deeply regret. I will try to find something good in every aspect, even though it is a very forced search. room. It actually cleans after pressing a button - which is a nice system by the way. The fridge smells so bad that you want to throw up when you open it. The room overlooks the Mermaid Hotel - the windows are probably made of paper, and the room is so noisy from the hotel that if you have children, don't forget to let them sleep normally. shore. You can drive with the tractor and trailer every hour. Terrible, small, dirty, with sand that will get you dirty and rocks that can hurt you. service. He is. But not enough, he is always in a bad mood. You will not communicate in English. There is a chance with Russian. At the reception, only after asking, you will receive a schedule of what and where, but there is no point in relying on it because it is not up to date. Restaurants. Soup is available nightly from 9pm to 7am, and French fries are probably the safest option. A large selection of salads and cakes, but all taste the same. Coffee/cappuccino and chocolate - all made from powder. When it comes to main meals, such as grilled or barbecued meats or fish, there are usually 3 courses to choose from for lunch or dinner. Grandma makes Turkish pancakes at the water park. There's a small poolside bar serving French fries, pasta, tomato soup and pizza - perfectly acceptable dishes, but the service makes you want to walk out. Swimming pools. There are several. The smell of the water and air conditioning is absolutely disgusting. The water is not heated. Aquapark. Its glory days are definitely behind it. The steps next to the pirate ship are moving and threatening. The lifeguards were more busy on their phones than in the pool, people were swimming under their noses after landing, and I saw several times people bump into each other and/or trying to brake while descending because someone was still on the ground. Open from 10am to 12pm and from 2 to 4pm. Elevators. There are so many of them, but what about the way they live their lives? I waited for them for a few minutes. Stuffy inside, no air conditioning. Today, for example, at the main entrance to the restaurant - it is broken. Kids club and mini disco. There is no chance that I will find anything positive here. The way the club looks demands revenge. It would have been better if they locked him up. Cold, dark, lots of broken toys, no regular crayons or paints, no puzzles, no blocks. The guardian, perhaps Maria? Busy counting the money from the shirt sales, not caring about the children. TV is supposed to take care of everything. In Russian of course. The music in the mini disco is definitely too loud. stadium. Shaded in the afternoon and morning. Defective, with protruding elements, damaged trampoline, grass with glass and slingshot without balls. Animation. I have only used AquaZumba. As the name suggests, it has nothing to do with Zumba. The animators can be found at the pool, but they are talking to each other. opportunity. 3 hours transfer. Hotel in the middle of the shops. If you are only interested in shopping malls, this is a good location. If you want to spend some time wandering around the area, this is not the place. Overall impression. Plus for 16+ area, but very bad. The dirty thing is that you can be discouraged from visiting Türkiye after visiting this hotel. Plastic bottles, cups and straws are scattered around. Constantly losing coffee cups or tea cups means using a lot of plastic and paper cups. The chapter does not exist. The tourist here is just a piggy bank. Paid Wi-Fi (5 star hotel without Wi-Fi for guests?!). Paid ice cream. Baggage weight charges apply. Additional hours of stay are subject to a charge. It does not matter that on the day of arrival it is de facto past midnight of the next day. If you would like to have water or a snack on the day of departure, you must pay. Next to the main pool, the first kiosks where you are supposed to leave your money: ice cream, corn, hookah, snacks, hairdresser, etc. And since this is the general norm for the Senza series, it will definitely never happen again. I have stayed in 3*, 4* and 5* hotels, but for me this hotel is at most 2*. 76. Yorum: We came to the hotel as a family for 5 nights and 6 days, and it was the worst vacation we have ever had. First of all I will talk about the room the first day we went to the hotel knowing that we will go with 2 adults and 2 children it is a holiday they sold us a small room with 2 normal beds even though I said we are a family with children they brought a bed to the room later and I ignored it. If we look at the cleanliness of the room and the room in general, the bidet faucet was not working, and one of the kids and I got herpes in our mouth because of the cockroaches and tomboys roaming around the room, and since we were stressed, they only went to the room twice to clean up the mess and there was no cleaning or anything. The towels were a disgrace, one of the towels smelled so bad I bought it and took it to the front desk, the guy smelled it and said, "Brother, you're right, I'm sorry." On the third day, they wouldn't put water in the room until I called the front desk five or six times and no one answered. The food is the same every day, some main dishes change, other than that it was average, not like a 5 star hotel. The flavour of the drink you are drinking is always written on the drinks, so they were medium flavoured alcohols. While I was in the bathroom the electricity went out several times and when the water went out the water didn't flow and I didn't understand how that happened. The elevator comes with no shame, I came here and learned that tourists keep pressing the door to close it and it leaves without opening, I saw it with my own eyes and even warned one of them. The waiters make fun of the customers and say it among themselves and we hear it too. The only good thing I can say about the hotel is the few waiters who did their job well and the lady standing on the beach where we went with the shuttle was trying to make everyone happy by taking care of them one by one from that, it was so bad, it's really sad that a hotel like this offers such a service. I don't know whether to feel sad about the baby's mouth and face being bruised by a bug, or about the money spent, or about a whole year's worth of expectations being wasted like this... 77. Yorum: I finished my stay at the hotel on Saturday, and I don't know why there are so many negative reviews, but our feelings are very positive. The rooms were clean and tidy, and the pools and water park were properly maintained. There was no problem finding a seat in the canteen, there was a variety of dishes, there was also a day with sushi and huge grilled tuna steaks on a regular basis. The hotel service is commendable, the animation and waiters were very nice and helpful. The best guy in the whole crew is Youssef, the waiter who works near the pizza place, an amazing guy who makes us miss this place a lot 😊 78. Yorum: We stayed for 6 days in the second week of August. I write everything we experience objectively, we checked in to the hotel entrance and reception without any problems. Since the hotel is very complicated and there is no information, we go to the crowded area and find out what the program is. - I have been going on vacation for years and I have never seen such bad organizers, animation team, entertainment, etc. Trust me, it's not even second rate, it's a terrible animation based on a system that advances entirely by collecting money from guests. - When it comes to food, the pizza and chicken world is very good, the food in the main restaurant is tasteless, but there are a lot of varieties, the grill section, I can clearly say that there was no red meat even for them. One day. - The staff is very good, but they are so few in number that they work like Superman. -Ice cream is paid, Wi-Fi is paid, bag weight is paid -To get a sunbed you have to wake up at 6am and leave your towel, queues at bars are very long. Try not to drink alcohol other than beer. - The sea is very rocky and is reached every hour like a public bus. -We paid about 50 thousand for 6 days, but I advise you to choose a hotel with a maximum of 30 thousand, taking this into account... 79. Yorum: There were many types of food in the meal, but there was not much quality in the food. The fruits were not fresh, so we did not like them very much. The dining table was small, and we almost had to wait in line to be seated. The pool was nice, the water was nice and cold, there is a bar by the pool, but we didn't like their cocktails that much, they were very bitter, but it was nice to have a lot of varieties, there are a few beach chairs, everyone puts them down at night and we can never find a beach chair. The cleaning staff do a good job, they make the rooms very clean, but sometimes they just know how to come off. The reception didn't make us wait for long and did their job well, we would like to thank Mr. Tolga the most, he welcomed us with a smile and processed our transaction very quickly. The hotel staff knows different languages ​​and this is very good for foreigners, they speak languages ​​such as Russian, Turkish and English. Aqua slides close very quickly, they open at 2pm and close at 4am. When there are a lot of people, there are no queues, so you can't try many things. Some parts of the hotel smell of urine. Although we have a lot of foreign music in Türkiye. We loved the mini club that starts at 21:00 and the kids dance. The elevator does not come in line, there is no air conditioning in the hotel. We give the hotel 4 stars overall We came as 10 people and we loved it. 80. Yorum: We came to the hotel in the third week of August and I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone if you consider the money it costs, the hotel is very bad, the food is always the same and there is almost no bad red meat. Especially the grilled part, for example if you talk about meatballs, they taste like everything except meatballs. They cook it on high heat so we can put it on the grill quickly, so the outside always burns. On top of that, there are a lot of waiting lists. You will not find sweets for breakfast and the same dishes are served every day without exception. There is a shortage of seats, it is very difficult to find a seat in the restaurant, and sometimes it is not available either. Apart from that, the hotel thought where I could get the money from, so it is supposed to be all inclusive, but there is a safe, internet and a football field for free, but the lighting is paid. You are waiting in line at the water park. Sun loungers are reserved from the morning, and when you get down to the pool it is very difficult to find a place. The fitness center is small and no one cares about it, it's full of kids and they don't understand when I say "you're too small". The animation team made a big deal about the event and then said there was a fee of this many euros. The free stuff is the same every day, no exceptions. In short, you made a mistake, don't make the same mistake. 81. Yorum: Getting 5 stars is a joke. I am at the hotel now and have booked 10 nights. Probably one of the worst places I have ever been to. The hotel in general is dirty, the staff is poor, room cleaning is almost non-existent. Internet can be downloaded in poor quality. You can't get towels before 9, so using the crowded pool is not possible. The gym, if you can call it that, is old, unmaintained and poor. I've added one picture of the equipment maintenance so you can get an idea of ​​the rest of the hotel. The food is okay but repetitive. Generally avoid if you can. 82. Yorum: Probably the worst hotel I've been to in 10 years - the food is always the same, the desserts are terrible, and only one tray is put out, no more! - The place they call the family room is a place that has one bathroom and is never isolated. There are even two TVs, since there is no partition, the sounds mix with each other, and most importantly, they work with one remote control :) - you stand in line at the bar, if the foreign guest in front of you is talking and laughing, otherwise even serving a drink is difficult, not to mention laughing! - The disco smells like humidity, you'll be lucky if they play the last 3 songs in Turkish. - You can't breathe in the lobby and corridors, especially in the elevator. There is no air conditioning at all. - I stayed for a week, the balcony was never cleaned, they couldn't go beyond entering the room and taking out the trash, I had to call the lobby every time and ask for it. - Youssef, the bartender in the little bar, who does his only job, and has excellent communication with everyone, and the security Mr. Ethem, the only positives in this hotel are these two people. -You have to wait in long lines to find a sun lounger and buy a drink, I mean, if you want to be treated like a refugee and be disgraced in your country with your money, go for it!!!! 83. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, the staff is nice, they are polite, we saw a silly behavior once, I think it might be because of the busyness, if you are going to order, please order, will we wait for you, or in general, the cleanliness is good, there is a shuttle service to go to the sea, it is a loop for 30 minutes, the aquapark is great, the only thing missing is that everything is included but ice cream is not included, everything else was good. Thanks to Mr. Ahmed, he did a nice gesture of converting our standard room to a family room for our first vacation, we had a nice vacation with 2 kids, they have pizza and chicken world, they are great, the pies are not bad, but I thought they were very nice, thank you 84. Yorum: Before commenting, we would like to thank Ms. Ekaterina for her care, kindness and help, she welcomed us well and sent us well at the end of the holiday, thank you very much. I see ulterior motives in the comments. It's definitely not a bad hotel as stated. It's a hotel that people love. There was so much food it was impossible to feel hungry. The food was good in the more luxurious hotels and the same taste in the cheaper ones. I mean there was no bad food, and I don't know what the critics eat and drink in their normal lives, whether they eat caviar or what they eat, or Cuban meat, I don't understand. The food, room and staff are very good. The animation team is great. It was fun, they take you to discos in the evening if you go alone you pay more, it was convenient for us because it was with a hotel, the hotel is nice and they call you, don't believe the bad reviews, don't see it yourself and you don't know. The hotel is great, but I have one request, if the beach section of the hotel had access to the sea, if it was cleaned, stoned, etc., the hotel would be very nice. It is likely that something has touched those who complain about bad reviews, or fake accounts of other hotels give bad reviews, it is definitely not a bad hotel, in fact we went to a more luxurious hotel the last 4 years, and the pizza and chicken world were delicious, it was very nice, it was a very pleasant vacation, it is impossible to get bored here, there is a lot of food, and there were places we have not tasted yet. But if I had the opportunity next year, I would like to come here again. Usually I never wanted to have the same hotel in any other hotel, but I want the same place in this hotel, and I hope I have the opportunity 🙏 The access to the beach is not very far, in fact it was better, we burned the food we had, there is the possibility to walk or for those who are tired, it was great, you can wait and arrive on time, you can do the transfer. This doesn't happen in crowds, I always travel sitting for a week. Thank you Senza family ❤️ 85. Yorum: Our room was very nice and clean, and the furniture was not shabby. The room was cleaned every day, but there was a very bad smell coming from the toilet at night, I think there was a problem with the plumbing or I don't know.. When it comes to food, I think it's like all hotels with large crowds of customers, except boutique hotels. I didn't like the main dishes, they were too complicated and not for my taste. But there are plenty of greens, salads and appetizers. I usually eat them. Who actually cooks chicken dishes during the day and also; there is also a section that serves pita, hamburgers, pizza and pasta which we usually eat there and we especially liked the pizza. Pancakes are served in the aqua section, but if there are other options, we did not take them into account 🫣, so it is not possible to stay hungry 🌝 I still think you should re-evaluate your main dishes 🎀 There is a market inside, but the prices are always written in euros and we officially calculate them according to the exchange rate. Where are we from? Are we foreigners in our own country? This is generally a very annoying habit in holiday destinations. I understand that Turks don't shop, but when you count something worth 2 euros according to the exchange rate, it's not worth that amount 😂 The water park is nice, but the moss on the stairs was there for 2 days and I didn't spend much time there because I felt very uncomfortable spending time in such places. Let's go to the beach, going to the beach didn't bother me. I didn't understand how being behind a tractor could connect us. There were people who criticized it 😂 Actually, the beach is within walking distance anyway. The shower area etc on the beach is very clean, food is served for up to four people and drinks are available for up to five people. Cheeseburgers eaten at the beach have always been my favorite, that's why I love them 😂 But I can't say the same for the ocean... Please clean those stones, I know it's possible. Going to the beach shouldn't be this painful. Also the sea is very dirty and I went in twice because I was sick to my stomach. It's not algae, it's just dirty... Also, the dishes in the dining area were very scratched and I had a hard time tripping over such things again. You might think about renewing it. 🥹 I can't comment on the drink, I've never been a fan of drinks before, and unfortunately I don't even know what's good or bad about tea 🫣🫠. In general, we need to think of it as a hotel with a very large number of customers, in which case some of the negatives are understandable. Despite this, I really liked the cleanliness. The staff are caring and friendly. Love them all. Animation team, you are so cute! 🧡 Service crew friends, thank you very much for your attention 🎀 And also Tatlbudur Officer Mustafa Kemal, you were very attentive, thank you too 🙏🏻😇 86. Yorum: The hotel is big and spacious and the pool is big too. The rooms are cleaned every day. There is a bad smell in the restaurant. The dishes have particles of previous food on them and have not been washed. We always took plastic forks and plates with us. Eating this food is very unhealthy and unpleasant. Animators do a poor job and show the same thing every day. Entertaining young children as well as adults. Only one laser show during all the days of our stay was interesting because other people came too 87. Yorum: The place is good especially since Ekaterina is the customer service manager. Helped during check in and during the entire vacation!!! If it weren't for her, we would have given the hotel 3 points! There was personal hostility towards us from the reception, and it seemed to us that we were Russians!!! Because there was a better attitude towards other nationalities! Especially the man with long hair!!!! And thank you for everything, the delicious food, the clean rooms every day and the general environment! 88. Yorum: I have to say this is the worst holiday experience I have ever had, I arrived as a young mother with a 2 year old, my partner couldn't travel with his passport because it was damaged, so I was very upset and stressed and had 2 suitcases and a stroller that was having a hard time pushing… 89. Yorum: I do not recommend the hotel; the hotel is not up to 5 stars, at most 3 is out of reach; the food was terrible with only 2 restaurants where you can eat many chicken dishes and a mini bar with pizza, pasta and burgers. There is no air conditioning in the hotel or in the elevators, only in the rooms and you have to be lucky to get it to work; there is an unimaginable smell and cockroaches in the bathrooms and whoever wrote that there are no cockroaches in this hotel must have made a mistake in choosing the hotel; the entrance door to the tragedy room cannot be opened normally, you had to use force; the beach is ugly and the deckchairs and tables are so dirty that you can't put anything there; the only plus is the pool area and that is the only attraction of this hotel. Honestly I do not recommend this hotel. 90. Yorum: I went from September 2nd to 6th with my wife and child. Don't believe those who say this is bad or ugly. The hotel is nice, the staff is friendly. There is definitely something to be had from the meals. So it is clear that anyone who says they are hungry is lying. If you can't eat in the cafeteria, you can also eat in the pizza section and chicken world. The facility is beautiful and child friendly. The events that take place in the amphitheater in the evening are beautiful. So it's a hotel I would consider returning to. Cleaning function is good. The men in the hallway are focused on helping. We are satisfied as a family. 91. Yorum: I was there on vacation at the end of July 2024. - Overall the hotel was very clean and well maintained, the rooms were poorly cleaned, you had to ask for cleaning. The food in the canteen was different... You really have to like different dishes because most of them were Turkish. Unfortunately, there was no cutlery... You had to go and ask the waiters, and they couldn't keep up with cleaning the tables after everyone else. I don't understand why art is so hard to come by... The air conditioner in the room works flawlessly. When it comes to animation...drama. I've actually been on one trip where the animation was worth paying attention to. Here, I missed it.. Evening shows were presented by DJs and animators who already worked there. In other hotels, such offers were from other countries. So they did not make any effort in this regard. There was a foam party and an inflatable slide in the pool. For children - it is possible to draw a T-shirt for 10 euros. Then you can catch it during the evening animation at 9pm. When it comes to children's dances... They are fixed arrangements... Boring. Ice cream, cotton candy and corn are available for an additional fee. The pool closes at 7pm. I recommend eating pizza there, very good, and probably the best alternative for children. There is a games room - also for an additional fee. Somehow for 8 tokens - 10 euros. There are many bazaars and fairs in the area, and you can buy a lot from them. Of course they are trying to convince everyone to buy it. Very close to the beach, about 7-10 minutes walk. But the beach... Very neglected... And after one day at the beach, that same evening I got a fever... There was a lot of garbage floating in the sea... And no one cleans it... There are sun loungers and a bar until 5pm but swimming in the sea... I do not recommend it. I think that's it. I personally will never go to this place again 😉 92. Yorum: Great hotel! There's nothing to blame! The area is well maintained! The hotel itself has carpeted hallways! They clean every day, change towels, make the bed, etc. The food is beyond praise: the variety is off the charts, everything is fresh - cheeses, sauces, vegetables, herbs, cereals, meat, fish, desserts, fruits.... Any drinks at any time, alcoholic drinks at the pool bar and the rest at several counters throughout the hotel. The beach is clean and small, but there are enough sun loungers for everyone, and by the way, they are very soft. Beach towels are also changed. The staff is always helpful! I recommend it to everyone! 93. Yorum: Great holiday in Senza Hostel Nice and clean rooms, cleaned and towels changed daily, toilet paper provided, beautiful view of the mountains. The food was delicious, you could find something different every day, some dishes were repetitive, for example tomato soup with cheese overnight for 7 days, but still delicious 😁 The pools in the hotel are clean and well maintained, as well as in the water park, there was no fight for sunbeds, there were always some free ones, disco for children and adults, aerobics in the pool, the staff was very nice. And helpfully, you could see they really tried their best, the only downside was the rocky beach but the views made up for it all, there were plenty of bars everywhere, no one went hungry. Best regards, Polish family🫡🫡 94. Yorum: For 2.3 thousand PLN for a week, I did not expect miracles. Average rooms, average hotel cleanliness, room service is a steal! In the next room, they caught a woman searching her bag and taking money from it!! She returned it and then pretended to have a heart attack, and the receptionist's reaction was nothing... I think this is normal for them. The service was average overall. The food was very different, but also average. The pizza is just amazing. The hotel is on the coast or beach within 5 minutes walk or trailer transfer every half hour. The beach itself has medium grey sand and is very dirty. An added bonus is a bar serving food and drinks next to the sun loungers. The hotel pools are okay, the drinks and beer in the all inclusive package are okay, sometimes there is a queue to get into the bars. Animation anytime, always happening, yoga, water fitness, games, foam party. Overall, if you don't have high expectations, you'll have a great time. If it weren't for the thieves in the service, I would recommend it. 95. Yorum: First, we went as a couple for our honeymoon and there was no preparation in the room, we literally had to prepare the room. Even though we booked a room with a pool view, they gave us a room with a land view. There is no way to eat in the restaurant, it smells so bad. The rooms are supposed to be cleaned, there is no cleaning of the toilet, bathroom and balcony, only the bed is made. The chicken and pizza world were so good we couldn't eat anything else anyway. It gets very boring after a couple of days because there is no activity. 96. Yorum: I have a 7 day stay in Sinza. I don't know why there are so many negative opinions about this, but I understand that it can hurt your head. The food is okay, as for the main restaurant, the people's fault is that they sometimes have to wait for a table or something, because there are a lot of people who forgot their culture at home and left a mess behind, no matter who. When it comes to cleaning the room, there are convenient buttons that indicate that you want to do so. The service is very nice and helpful, I admire them for putting up with people who treat them very badly, and they are always smiling. The main pools are very nice, as is the water park. The animators do their best and there is something to do all day long, and the evening shows at the amphitheater are great too. The kids are happy, my wife and I are happy too and we will definitely be back. There is a beach, sun loungers and a bar not far away. I recommend renting a car at the hotel - it is cheap, you can make unlimited trips around the area and it is much cheaper than organized trips. For me, the downside is that the balcony windows are poorly soundproofed and evenings facing the pools can be noisy. 97. Yorum: In short the hotel was very nice. The place was a short distance from the sea, but there was already a tractor bringing it in at certain hours. The pool was clean. There was no problem at sea. You can reach the water park by passing through a tunnel. The slides in the water were working. There was even an aqua for the kids. The food was really delicious. They don't give us anything to eat the next day. There was a variety of dishes. The variety of drinks was plentiful. There was a pool bar, a lobby bar and an aqua bar. With the exception of the pool bar, all beverage bars were alcohol-free. There was dessert time and pizza time. I advise you to go. 98. Yorum: The hotel is literally inferior to boutique hotels I have visited before in terms of food and service. We wanted to change rooms and make a change in the reservation, but even though we had not arrived at the hotel yet, we had a bad conversation with the reception Tatilbudur and Senza and had to come. When it comes to Turkish cuisine, don't look at it, it's a complete disgrace. I also definitely wouldn't recommend it to families like us who don't have alcohol and fast food habits. The only good thing is the water park and swimming pools. Even the free public beaches are nicer than the beach here. 99. Yorum: Hello, we arrived at a 5 star all inclusive hotel, there is no paid ice cream in the room, we couldn't see it we entered the room first, they broke into the room and didn't even knock on the door, I asked the cleaning lady for a towel, "You didn't put it on." If I could have, I would have. He says let me give it to you again, no, no, don't you understand? If I say give it, give it to the waiter at the entrance of the restaurant, it is also very disrespectful, I need to warn, I don't have to drink the acid-free cola prepared before the meal, I pay for it, it is not for these people, you have to give it to me when I want it, you have to give it to me when I want it, I don't have to buy what you have prepared there, I order pizza and potatoes from the pizza section, we did, he didn't bring the potatoes, I told him so, he said we would bring the drink, the girlfriend didn't bring it, I got up and bought it myself, everyone puts their towels on the sun loungers the night before, they don't even take them at all The solution is, share this, what kind of nonsense is this, we can't find a place, can someone explain to me what it means to have paid wifi :) I carried my bag myself, the same music starts every morning the same music, the same activity, pool dancing, darts, the same music in the afternoon, Nossa, Gustavo Lima Balada, Shakira Waka Waka, more sea, Some rocks, and many more, there are no hotel officials, do not say "we completely disagree". With your comment on my comment, they are all correct. Your activity is zero, zero, boring hotel 100. Yorum: Our experience at Senza Hotel was very good, we were very happy with everything from the cleanliness, the staff's attitude, and the interior and exterior design of the hotel. The water park was very nice, the food was adequate and delicious. They made us feel very special on the a la carte evening. In some comments it was written that the staff were cold towards the Turks, but we saw that it was completely wrong, our 1.5 year old child was almost carried from lap to lap, and for this we thank you very much for everything. Senza Hotel. 101. Yorum: Very nice hotel. The choice of food is huge, everyone will find something for themselves. In addition to the main restaurant, there are three other venues. The first one with chicken in different ways and kebabs, the second one with pizza and pasta (both open from 8:00 to 20:00) and the third one requires advance reservation. Very nice water park, free sun loungers and umbrellas, kids club and great animation. Only the towels taken to the spa area were very damaged. Clean it every day. I highly recommend it. I don't know why this hotel has a bad rating. 5 stars for me. 102. Yorum: I am writing these lines while staying at this hotel and I feel very disappointed. Terrible hotel in every way. The welcome is bad, imagine that while you want to drink coffee in the lobby, the air conditioner in the huge lobby is not working, and it is very hot everywhere... When it comes to food, homemade pasta with tomato paste is worth every dish here. It has a terrible kitchen. Everything is so bad. Those who love their life will not come to this hotel. Throw your money away and you'll have a better time. 103. Yorum: When we arrived at the hotel, it was not air conditioned + we had to wait another 15 minutes for the gentleman to bring us to the room. We were supposed to have a room for four and it was only ready for three, with the fact that at 4:02 am the guy "broke into" our room with an extra bed to leave it there for us. For this reason, all valuables were always taken with them... The food at the hotel was good but not excellent, I definitely wouldn't recommend it for breakfast, and the yogurt was not refrigerated at all. Lunch and dinner will surprise you with many sweets, but more than 50% of them are just sugar chemistry. As for drinks, you only have juice to choose from, and we had to mix it with water because it was so sweet and chemical. Ice cream or cola (and other soft drinks) do not count at buffets. There are bazaars near the hotel where you can buy something, but expect every vendor to shout at you to buy something, and then they will charge you at least 100 euros for two fake shirts. Note: The only place where there is air conditioning is your room, and sometimes the dining room and rooms are not cleaned well ;) ............ 104. Yorum: Vacation with my wife. Overall I liked it. There was plenty of food, and they cleaned it up every day. Local alcohol in bars is not bad. There is a TV with Russian channels. I didn't like the beach. Dark sand spoils the whole impression. There is a bar at the entrance… 105. Yorum: We are on a family vacation, our room was clean, every restaurant was tasteful, very good food. |The cartoon for kids was very very good, my son was dancing, he was smiling, thank you Maria, you are the best. My son was also in the mini club, he had a lot of fun, he wrote the shirt, he was very happy. I think we'll be back next year. Thank you very much for the lovely holiday. 106. Yorum: We stayed with my family between October 1st and 5th and were generally satisfied with the hotel. We were really surprised when we read the comments. You will never feel hungry when it comes to eating and drinking. It was so much fun. There were different animations during the day and different animations in the evening wavy and windy and because of the area, thank you for everything, Senza 👍 … 107. Yorum: Let's start with the main thing: food. It is actually so, it seems that everything is there, fruits, fish, meat, but it is great - not great half an hour before the end of the meal, the delicious foods are already removed) of all the buffets I have been to. It has been in my life, … 108. Yorum: First of all, it's the worst 5 star hotel I've ever been to. When you enter the hotel you are greeted and given your room card, you are told that no one is there, you are told that you can carry your luggage to the room and you are sent away, except for the indoor dining area, there is no air conditioning everywhere in the hotel the area you step on is the floor, but the areas where you rest your back including the upper areas, it looks like it hasn't been cleaned in 2 months, the room is the first family room we have stayed in, the air conditioning upstairs doesn't work, the downstairs is a room full of insects. We asked to change, and this time the room was full of ants, so they didn't say it was a problem. We asked the kid for a hamburger in the dining area and asked if there was ketchup, the husband was told that there is no ketchup in the hotel to get into the sink in the dining area, the staff was talking and as we were about to enter, they said that cleaning was in progress and they did not allow it (this happened 4 times, the food is delicious, I can't say). Enough about that, but the variety is generally the same. This is a holiday at sea. We talked to him and asked if there was a sidewalk, don't let the pictures mislead you. We left the cruise ship that came to the area I went to they said putting things in the safe would be a fee. Only one place is perfect and that is the meat and cubed pita you will eat in the world of chicken, it is all inclusive drinks are prepared for a fee 24 hours with brands you do not know the names of, I do not want to be misunderstood, I have been to dozens of hotels, and I think this is the hotel where the service is taken seriously. Pest control status. The hotel has a good location, but unfortunately there is no management that can definitely manage it, we chose it as a last minute decision because we couldn't find a hotel that would accept and go there. 109. Yorum: I was on vacation with my child and grandmother from September 22 to October 3, 2024. We were lucky with the weather which was very hot and sunny. Now about the hotel: We had a spontaneous trip, I chose the hotel two weeks before departure. I was looking for a hotel for a long time because the prices… 110. Yorum: Stayed 05/06 to 12/06/2024 - We remember our stay at this hotel very well - the staff were very helpful from the beginning to the end of the stay - most importantly they were not intrusive and most of them were smiling. The rooms were clean, tidy and comfortable, with a balcony and a sea view - the air conditioning in the room works very well - access to each floor by elevator, you definitely need to buy Wi-Fi at the reception - it works well - even in the Aquapark (about 20-30E per stay for 8 days - pay attention to one device and not for the whole room - if we have 3 people or 3 devices, you should buy a separate SIM card for each of them) or buy a local SIM card or an international card with a good package in Turkey - these solutions are better and cheaper - due to the lack of roaming - the prices are astronomical - if I remember correctly, 8 PLN per minute for incoming and outgoing calls and 33 PLN or 37 PLN for 1 MB of Internet (I was not mistaken, it is 1 MB, not 1 GB). Very tasty food, a large selection - so everyone will find something for themselves - the Ultra All option gives you the opportunity to use several restaurants and bars, including those on a private beach - (accessible by hotel transport every hour) - basically 24/7 - you can also change locations - there are other types of food, very good tea, always delicious cold beer, drinks, water - you should definitely pay attention to meal serving times - if someone comes 5 minutes before the end of dinner - you can't be surprised that the food disappears in an instant and the choice is limited - however, when the food serving in one restaurant ends, the serving in the next one starts smoothly - so you can have something to eat at any time :-). Another very big plus for people traveling with children is a special water park - there is an area with a pirate ship and slides for small and slightly older children, and an area with slides for adults - so everyone will find something for themselves - Important information - the water park can be used from 9 to 17/18, but the big slides are available twice for 2 hours, then they are turned off and you cannot enter them. In addition to the Aquapark area, apart from the above, there is a bar on hand serving cold beer, water, drinks, coffee and tea - and there is also an area for baking local stuffed pies - so you can have a snack without returning to the main part of the hotel. As for sun loungers - given the 5 or 6 pools and the large number of sun loungers and umbrellas - we never had a situation during our stay where there was no place to spread out. A big plus for Poles - a local Polish-speaking travel agency is located right behind the Aquapark, next to the hotel, and heading towards the beach. We went with the office to Cleopatra Beach, took the ski lift to Alanya + sunset - it was great - a nice open bus ride + the driver's good taste in music ;-), good organization, no reservations, definitely cheaper trips than a travel agency - you can practically make two trips for the price of one through the agency. The weather is beautiful and sure - attractive price for a trip through a travel agency to this establishment - we definitely recommend a vacation here :-) 111. Yorum: We are currently on holiday at the hotel, firstly, when we went there, Ms. Sila welcomed us with a smiling face, although we entered the hotel at 14:00, it was delivered to us in excellent condition early. The food tastes very good, and is quite sufficient and satisfying, … 112. Yorum: Very honest real review thisbisbgoing everywhere | I was in this hotel last week of this month. I'm not upset and don't rely on reviews I hate complaining. I would warn all my fellow Brits with family not to simply go to their rescue unless… 113. Comment: 1. Check in after 14.00, if you want to check in early, pay $40))). There will be no wristbands distributed in advance, and there will be no food anywhere. They will check in around 14.00, but lunch until 14.00, and yes, they do… 114. Yorum: It was an overall pleasant experience at this hotel. The cleanliness was impeccable, the fruit was plentiful, the pizza delicious, and we were impressed by the friendliness of the staff, especially Vivzi at the front desk. The meals were rich and varied, offering a wide range of delicious dishes. We enjoyed facilities like the free tennis court, water slides (around short day trips), organizing our friend's birthday, there were sun loungers with cushions on the beach, the buffet was also well stocked, and the furniture in the room was good. Modern and elegant. However, we were disappointed by the lack of free internet, not even in the lobby, and the quality of the coffee, which was only instant. But what bothered us most was the noise, which was also a weak point - the speakers in the pool were very loud during the day, amplifying them in the echo space, and at night the noise from the 24/7 bar was annoying, accompanied by scandals due to tourists who had consumed too much alcohol. Since the hotel has many families with children, we add the related noise... One suggestion is to move the open, non-stop bar to an enclosed area, such as the first floor, in the dessert space, where it can operate in a more discreet manner. Otherwise, the hotel provides a pleasant and comfortable experience. I noticed the "financial" sense of the hotel, and the hourly charges (10 euros) for late check-out is probably the trend. 115. Yorum: It's a hotel that doesn't even deserve one star, none of the staff knows where the clinic is, where the children's playground is, or the water park. Complete disgrace, they give a 2 hour lunch break, when I say 4pm they will do it. Close and leave. Wine and beer are only available in the bars, but alcohol is available at the poolside bar. We stayed for one week, the room cleaning is not enough, dirty towels are not taken away, if you see them in the corridor, they change them if you tell them, in short, I do not recommend it at all. 116. Yorum: I went to this hotel with concerns after reading the reviews and was thinking about canceling. My wife said that every hotel has the same good and bad reviews, this is normal because there are customers with high egos, ask them how they did. I was very pleased with the hotel and wanted to extend it for two days. Mohammed B immediately said: I hope this helps, I will go again next year, it was a luxury hotel, but the swimming pool was very dirty, no spitting in it, no urination, food spills on the floor next to the pool, and food gets into the pool with your feet. We went to Senza Hotel every day, it was clean and the food was delicious and varies from person to person according to their taste. Those who do not like food should ask if they can cook at home for money and I will provide the service in return.” 117. Yorum: Currently in this hotel and I can honestly say if you are British don't bother this hotel is fully staffed for Eastern Europeans/Russians who are probably the rudest race of people I have ever met. The hotel is at best 3 stars, … 118. Yorum: Most of the staff, especially the waiters, are very indifferent and you may be discriminated against at any time when you come here. Although their room is a family room, there is only one toilet/bathroom. The food is so bad, we would have been hungry if it wasn't for the chicken world and the bistro. When the cleaners enter the room, they just take the trash and leave, and if they enter they do not give any water or drinks. Their alcohol and drinks are very bad. The disco closes at 01:00, so it's DJ not DJ. But if we want to talk about the quality of the hotel, we can talk about Mr. Youssef in the bistro bar and Mr. Item, the security, they are very attentive and friendly, but as a recommendation, do not come to this hotel. 119. Yorum: Animation was excellent, nice staff, hotel is good for kids if you go as a couple, not recommended, food doesn't really have variety. |Rooms are fine, just indicate if you want them cleaned. For the rest we felt it. The pool was very good! 120. Yorum: We just got back from vacation today. While everything is new, I decided to leave a comment. I am satisfied with the hotel, although many say it no longer deserves a 5 rating. The first thing I want to write about is preparing the next tourist. Check in is like everyone else in two days, but if you arrive early, they will check you in early without any problems for $30. If you don't pay, they won't give you a bracelet and you can't use the hotel's services. There is no free internet anywhere, $3 a day. When the clock strikes 12, the bracelet is cut off. As for the food, I can't say it's great, the kids didn't like it that much, but I always found something to eat, and the burgers, orzo and vegetables were delicious. The bar, which is open from 12 to 18:00, simply prepares pizza and burgers. The waiters are great guys, they work hard, like squirrels in a wheel, and are always polite. But the big drawback of this restaurant is that you can't wear wet swimsuits, but people still go and sit on the chairs without hesitation in wet swimsuits. After sitting several times, our butts were wet. Very unpleasant. There are no ads, but I really like that. I also saw how everyone was constantly washing, it was so clean, even the man washed the beach baths, he stood on a chair and washed the bath himself. The bar floor is constantly cleaned. Everyone is polite and responsive. Thanks for the rest. But I want to appeal to the manager to fix the mess that the wet swimsuits are causing in the restaurant! 121. Yorum: Among the positives: nice hotel, nice rooms, many swimming pools and a large water park. Delicious in both dine-in and a la carte restaurants. Cons: Lots of Muscovites, Russian music, Russian animators. In general, it is impossible to find a free seat near the main pool. The staff is not attentive, and the trash is not removed on time. Sometimes the drink points are simply closed, sometimes they don't work due to "issues", and then the drinks run out. We hear answers like this all the time. There are not enough utensils in the restaurant, a table is found, but there is nothing to eat, and the staff can't do anything. It's like that every day. The food in the main restaurant is not tasty. On the beach, snacks for up to 4 people, drinks for up to 5 people. We had just arrived at that time, and everything was already closed. Towels are issued as early as 10am, and you must wait, rather than starting your morning from the beach or pool. The animation is very bad, it can be said that it is only "on the mark". There are more negatives than positives, I would not recommend this hotel. 122. Yorum: When we arrived at the hotel, I looked at the comments, we were a little disappointed because of the bad comments, but the hotel is really nice, the staff was friendly, the food was good, and we were very satisfied with the security that greeted us at the entrance of the hotel. Mehmet was outside the reception, we thank Mr. Nan Fevzi for his attention, it is a hotel that we should come to with confidence. 123. Yorum: I wanted to comment on the hotel I stayed in for 6 nights and 7 days. First of all, it is important why you go on vacation if you go for entertainment and atmosphere, it is good in this regard, and here it got its only star. But listen, if you want to enjoy the comfort of a 5-star hotel, drink alcohol, and eat when you are hungry at 3 am, this is not that kind of hotel, and they cannot properly complete the requirements and provide any service to get 5 stars. Food is a shame, we are not saying cook perfect food, but every day there are 5 types of food maximum and they are imperfect dishes. Those who drink alcohol leave it here. Personally, I've always drunk cola. It doesn't taste like any alcohol at all, let me put it this way, it's like drinking beer or cola, it has no effect, it's like empty water. I think they force employees to work, and you may find yourself being reprimanded by a government employee in a government office. You spend half your vacation waiting for the elevator, after 12 midnight there is only soup and nothing else, if you are a 5 star hotel chain, the client said what should I eat, I stayed the night, you shouldn't do it. Of course, there's the comfort in knowing that if you're not there, another client is. Finally, they take the bracelets directly from the hotel at 11.30 and say "yallah", and no one asks you if you are satisfied, and they immediately forbid eating and drinking. Of course, there are two people from the animation team trying to entertain us in such an irrelevant hotel, working day and night, and I don't think they get the salary they deserve. I would like to thank my two male friends from the anime. There is also a lady from Adana who works as a waitress in the beach bar and she knows very well how to deal with guests, she is a very polite and kind person, make her the hotel manager and she will have all the staff here on their side within a month. 124. Yorum: The reviews for our hotel were very negative but overall we were very happy with our experience. The journey from the airport took two and a half hours. The food was very similar every day but there are nice cheap restaurants (average £15 per person) just a 5 minute walk away so food was not a problem. There are also many clothing stores in the same area. The entertainment team were very good and friendly and brought a positive vibe to the hotel and provided fun activities throughout the day and night. Day and night activities are suitable for all ages. The drinks are very strong but do the job, and there are also two shops within a 2 minute walk (plus one inside the hotel) in case you forget anything or want to get some branded liquor. The air conditioning is really good plus there is a full fridge when you arrive. The hotel also has a very helpful doctor as my partner had an ear problem which was easily resolved. Overall, you get what you pay for, but I would suggest ignoring the negative reviews as it is a friendly, comfortable hotel that is perfect for couples and families of all ages. 125. Yorum: Food - same every day and not good, removed before time, smelly and dirty toilets. Paid Wi-Fi service, in case of late check-out time it is necessary to purchase a room. Rude and unpleasant service. The added bonus is the pizza, thanks to which we actually survived our stay. The animation in the pool is very good. 126. Yorum: Despite all the bad comments, I didn't encounter any negative situations, the location of the hotel is very good, the food is sufficient and we stayed for a week, the staff are friendly, especially the security who greeted us at the entrance. Thank you for your kindness, I definitely recommend you, you can come with confidence, I will go again next year. 127. Yorum: Dear friends, if you choose this hotel, you really don't have to worry. I read the previous reviews and was a little afraid it wouldn't be nice. Fortunately, it turns out that those who write reviews simply had higher expectations. Quick: The downside is the distance from the airport (bus ride is about 1 hour and 40 minutes), and there is no ice cream in the all-inclusive option. The beach is a bit wrong, I don't know why but they carried soil instead of sand and it's mud 🤣🤣🤣, if you want you can go a little further and everything is fine Cons. Everything else is fine, just like in other hotels. The rooms are clean and the staff speaks broken but understandable Polish 🤣. The hotel's attractions include everything on offer. Swimming pools, slides, sports fields (I don't know for whom, because it's very warm during the summer in Türkiye). Sometimes you have to search/wait for a free seat at a table to eat something, but the wait is not long. The food was varied, like others I recommend the pizza. Overall it's okay if you don't expect it to be Sheraton 🤣🤣🤣 128. Yorum: Everyone takes a vacation, even for a couple of days, to escape the hustle and bustle of life and the hassle of making ends meet. Most of us probably pay monthly installments for our vacation, so please don't lose that money on this hotel! The hotel was such a disappointment that I regretted it. My wife and I checked into this hotel, which we found from Tatilbudur, on 23.08.2024. The hotel is not a small hotel, it is a big one. We were taken to our room, our luggage was taken to our room, the air conditioner in the room was cooling well, there was no fly screen on the balcony, there are a lot of flies in that area, even though it is an area like this. Dirty hotel with flies and bugs. Anyway, they gave us room 3003, which overlooks the pool, and all the noise was in the room all day. While swimming in the hotel's pool during the day, Ahmet Kaya songs were playing (I like them a lot, but whether they fit the atmosphere is debatable). The pool is not too small but not too big either. It is impossible to find a sun lounger after 8am, until 8am everyone puts their towel on their sun lounger and stays that way until nightfall. We told the officer on duty and he helped us, thank you. The hotel food is never tasty, the food is a mess, even when the grilled meatballs are not cooked. One day, the chicken skewer turned out to be charred on the outside, but still raw on the inside. Appetizers etc are the same every day, even every meal is the same. Breakfast was still good, but lunch and dinner were very poor, there was little variety and the taste was not delicious at all. The desserts were very simple, a cake soaked in cream in different colors, and that was it. Chicken World is not the chicken world we usually know, but I think that's the only thing that saves it, the waiters there were very attentive and good, and the food there was better than the main restaurant. There is a pizza and pasta section, my friends, the pizza was normal and delicious, but there were waiters in this section that I have no words left to say to them, I wish the money they were getting was haram. I ordered a pizza and ordered a Coca-Cola with it. The pizza arrived. Half an hour passed and there was no Coca-Cola. I repeated it 3 times. One of the waiters was from Adiyaman. I don’t know his name. He brought a Coca-Cola and said to my wife, “Your sister’s liver is burnt. Let it cool down!!” My wife was so angry that we kept quiet because we had children. On the first day, I asked the waiter named "Esat" where I could buy a cola, and he pointed to a place like "here", but without looking at me, I asked him if fruit juices were available, and he said, "They are". It's all there, go and check it out!" They are really so disrespectful that even Turkish guests can't see them. So we left the food behind, got our money back and went to the room to check out. This is a holiday, we called the host Mustafa Kemal and told him that we wanted to leave the hotel, why didn't he even tell us what happened? I think he is taking care of someone in the hotel :) Then I called Mrs. Sila in the lobby and explained the situation to me, she called me to the lobby, she was so polite that she softened my words a little at first, then Mustafa Kemal came he doesn't care at all, he doesn't even say what happened, I told him Mrs. Sila but she doesn't care at all. Later, I met Mr. Ercan, the restaurant manager, who was a very polite and helpful man, who listened to me and understood me. I apologize. He was really embarrassed by the disrespect shown by the waiter, so we decided to continue staying because of his kindness. If we don't do this... As for cleaning, only the trash in the room is taken away and the bed is made without changing your sheets. Our sheets were not changed even once for 3 days. As if the room wasn't enough, there were ants in the room. My kids food was in the bottle, I told the staff and I swear he said to me, "Honey, put the food in the fridge, there are ants, they won't go away no matter what we do" I was speechless again and remained silent. Actually, we had another day, but we left there right away. There is no air conditioning in the elevator and on the floors, including the dining hall. The cafeteria smells so bad that even if the food is good, there is no appetite for the drinks, it is the kind that would kill dogs. I wonder how they gave this hotel 5 stars? I also wrote to the Ministry of Culture in Cimere. Please don't go, it's a waste of your money. I hope that Mrs. Sila, Mr. Erkan and Mr. Veysel the waiter (who was from Urfa and was very helpful and kind) will get out of there and start working in a really good hotel. The money we pay abroad is haram! 129. Yorum: You have to pay for everything!!! We have been to Türkiye for several years and this is the first time they have asked us to pay for early arrival! They always gave us bracelets so we could have lunch or breakfast, and here the price was 10 euros per hour before. Likewise, we leave at 4pm, so we have to leave the room at 12 and what? We have to pay to eat dinner somewhere else, it was free 🤣🤣🤣 Oh, we came with 4 people and got a room with two beds, which is a shame 130. Yorum: I am very dissatisfied with the time I spent at this hotel. The food here is C grade, be careful with the meat. They get poisoned very easily. Be prepared that Wi-Fi here will be paid, and paid per device; Internet cannot be purchased with a card for less than five days, otherwise you will be rude at the reception. If you want to buy for a few days, pay cash only. The sea is a 10-minute walk away, there is public transport, but to get there you will have to walk another 5 minutes, the alcohol here is not of the best quality, the wine smells of alcohol, there is a choice of several cocktails. It's delicious. Prices in the hotel are two or even three times higher for everything, so it is better to go out of the hotel and buy something from outside. The safe in my room was broken, they couldn't fix it, be careful with your documents. I would absolutely not recommend this hotel at this price. There wasn't much entertainment. Under our balcony, music from another hotel was constantly playing, making it difficult to rest peacefully in the room. Think 5 times before spending your vacation here. 131. Yorum: I give two stars to my hard-working friends, most of whom are high school students. This hotel is not too bad, only has coke, water, fanta and liquor, and is very crowded, unless you go for dinner. Before the Russians, most of the food was left over. They organized a Turkish night, I was hungry, the lamp in the room was not on, the air conditioner did not cool enough for 3 days, I ate the same food, the desserts are a disgrace, anyone who sees this comment should throw their money away, same thing, the mini bar is filled only once in 3 nights, the room is small, the fanta and coca pool is very chlorinated, my eyes are allergic, it is a mediocre hotel friends, do not be fooled by its appearance. I'm sorry... I'd better go and rent an apartment, food isn't worth the money... 132. Yorum: Since the day I started my stay, I did not feel satisfied at all, although the stay was all inclusive for 6 days and 5 nights, the internet is paid, the cocktails are paid, the tea and coffee machines are broken every evening. I think they said it on purpose, the door handle of my family who stays in the next room doesn't close properly, you can enter without a card, the elevator is not enough, you have to wait for 1 hour for the indifferent staff to come and the paid independent aqua park section for ice cream and waffles is only open 4 hours a day, you can't enter whenever you want, you are wasting your time, the food is almost the same menus every day, there is no air conditioning in the hotel corridors and elevators, the hot and stuffy beach entrance hurts my rocky feet and there are many things I can't write about here that are not worth your money 133. Yorum: Hello friends, while I was on vacation with my family for 4 nights at Senza Hotel, the beach was the warmest place. In addition, we were attracted by Ms. Nevin's interest in the guests on the beach. You might think we would like to thank everyone for working with all their hearts, not… 134. Yorum: The rooms are very clean. Only the furniture was old and a bit worn. The service is very good, the staff are friendly and loyal after giving a little advice, even when you call them on the phone, they come to your door immediately. The location is very good and the transportation is very convenient. Very successful for families with children. The water park is very big and beautiful. You can find what suits your taste at every moment, with delicious and affordable food. We read some negative comments and wondered if we would regret coming, but on the contrary, we were very happy. Just don't drink anything other than vodka or bad drinks. Raki and whiskey were terrible. Otherwise, we were very happy. 135. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 nights. The hotel cleanliness is very good. The aquapark is nice. There is no problem with sunbeds and drinks on the beach and around the pool, as they are all accessible. The staff's attention and behaviour towards Turkish guests is not very polite. Although the hotel has an all-inclusive concept, it seems ridiculous to sell paid food and drinks in the hotel, and the entertainment machines for children are also paid. The biggest disappointment at the hotel is definitely the food. It is not acceptable to eat such bad food in a five star hotel. The food is very good in terms of variety, but the taste is really bad, the ingredients they use are very bad, and the chefs are very bad too. The food was really tasteless, and we couldn't eat most of the food if it weren't for the hotel's pizza section and chicken world section, we would have starved in this abundance. If you look at the comments, it seems like this issue needs to be resolved ASAP. The other issues can be ignored, but since the food is so bad, I wouldn't recommend it and don't think I'll be back again. 136. Yorum: O M G One star is already too much for this hotel! This was one of the worst hotels ever! I literally left, that's how bad I felt. Extremely hot everywhere inside, no air conditioning working, food was terrible. I went with my husband and 4 year old son…137. Yorum: Overall impression of the stay: Okay. The food was delicious, and the restaurant serving chicken and pizza was particularly good. There are good barbecues in the main cafeteria. The rooms are small, but you only sleep there. The beach, pools and slides are okay, there is always a place to be found. In the hotel itself, the service was nice, especially in the main restaurant - the waiter was very polite and courteous, Alex. The bartenders were also very smiling and polite and Mustafa caught our attention and made very good drinks. The photographer is very kind and willing to help, and speaks Polish well. The downside is that there is a bit of confusion with the rooms - we arrived at 7am and knew there was a waiting list for rooms - each staff member at reception told us a different price for an extra charge to get the room early. What surprised us most was that they did not put bandages on until after they entered the room, even for several hours without a bottle of water. Fortunately, there are shops right next to the hotel where you can buy something to drink. Other drawbacks include poor animation and paid Wi-Fi at €14 for one phone. 138. Yorum: Great hotel. Top facilitator and activities! We stayed for one week and loved this place!!!!!! In addition, we were able to take a boat trip with Momen, and had the opportunity to discover the beautiful beaches and the wonderful city of Side. Thanks again to Moamen, our guide…