1. Comment: The hotel is generally nice. The animation team has many evening and daytime activities. The animation team took very good care of our child in the mini club. We would like to thank you very much for our child. Our daughter loved her sister Katife very much. He was dying to go to the mini disco every evening. We had so much fun at the Oktoberfest activity. From the morning dancers to the children's activities, live music and evening party, Oktoberfest was amazing. 2. Comment: 5th of my vacation starting on September 22, 2024 Even if I have a day, there is no need to wait for the end. The adventure began when we were on holiday during Eid al-Adha and planned another holiday and made a reservation at Limak Atlantis Hotel through ETS Tour between September 22 and September 29, 2024. A week before our holiday, ETS Tours called and said that the hotel was very busy and our reservation was cancelled and they moved our reservation to the Limak Lara Deluxe Hotel, which is a hotel in the same group. Anyway, as a result, we were forced to come to a hotel that we did not choose. What happened next was a disaster. 1-The food quality is very low. A Turkish guest is having difficulty finding food for himself. It's like we've arrived in Egypt. 2-The table is cleaned with a dry cloth. Instead of a tablecloth, a serving mat is placed on the table and a new one is not given for each guest. You won't find any napkins on the tables. You have to specifically ask for it. 3-You are being tested on service quality by inexperienced waiters. On the second evening, a tray of drinks spilled on me. A strange young waiter I got angry but what can you say labor worker. But their boss could apologize. 4- The ice cream bar is open every day between 14-17:00. An important issue for families with children: I personally do not like ice cream. I noticed something, the ice cream we bought was a dream brand ice cream cone. 2 that I have never heard of in my life. A quality ice cream. There is also a time range, look 5. A group of star-rated hotel chains is doing this. The subject should be monitored. 5- They have different rules, for example, there is a 40-minute children's entertainment at 20:30 in an area called the amphitheater, it is very nice. Tables etc. It's a nice place but if you want to drink tea, they give you tea in a paper cup. Why does it matter, after all you will be drinking tea sitting at this table, especially if you are a Turkish guest the rule for you is a paper cup, but when you are a foreign tourist the rules are broken and you drink your drink properly. You wouldn't serve tea to your guests in a paper cup at home, would you? But in this hotel, the quality of service is offered with a circle of reasons. This shame does not reflect me, it reflects your own quality. Of course we showed him a tray, but the manager also had a reason. 6- If you are expecting evening entertainment from the hotel, you are in the wrong place. For example, one evening a band came to play live music. If you are young and over 55, it will not appeal to you. The animation team, who organized a sexy walking contest with the participation of the guests one evening, did not quite succeed. On the contrary, I did not sit and watch this monkey business, I got bored. The other evening, there was an organization called karaoke night, with attendees from different nations doing karaoke, it was boring. As a result, the Antalya region we are used to is 5. There are no evening activities like in a star hotel concept. It barely gets a 2 out of 5. The room is trying to produce a hardworking animation team. Of course, these things are a budget matter. There is also a strange situation in this hotel; there is no napkin culture in the bar or the dining room. Room quality 3/5 Food 2/5 (in terms of product quality) Pool beach 3/5 Animation entertainment 1/5 Service Service 1/5 As a result, once again, on my behalf, Limak group has lost me and the people I recommended. 3. Comment: The service at the bars is excellent, especially the lobby bar is very good. The general area is clean, the food is varied and plentiful. The waiters are very polite and help you immediately. Everything is perfect especially the staff. We are very happy, thank you. We will recommend it to everyone and come back again. ❤️ 4. Comment: I would like to thank the friends at the reception who helped us from the moment we entered the hotel. I especially appreciate Mr. Cüneyt and Mr. Şakir's professionalism in this regard. The animation and evening shows at the hotel are of very high quality and beautiful. The stage literally fills up with songs that appeal to the ear. A facility I can recommend to everyone… 5. Comment: A very nice hotel, our children loved it. They had a lot of fun with inflatable toys. The animation is very good. The food is plentiful and varied. The service was very good. The waiters were always smiling and helpful. Our room was very nice. Thank you to the lady who did the cleaning. We will come again. A family hotel suitable for children. 6. Comment: The hotel location is good, the pools are sufficient. Since I stayed at the end of September, the pools were quite quiet. There was no rush to find a sunbed. The food was not very diverse. Inadequate food and evening entertainment. There was almost no activity in the evenings. A group took the stage and sang 2 songs and took a 20-minute break. We didn't see anything else. The people working at the bars were cold, cool and tough. We were not people who drank much, we only drank 2-3 things throughout the day. Only Ms. Emel, who made gözleme, and the cook, who made it later and brought it to our table because there was no food left, were cheerful. I would like to thank Ms. Emel. I would also like to thank the receptionist who was helpful in assigning the room. Unfortunately, I do not know the names of these two gentlemen. He made sure we stayed in a nice room with our children. In general, the hotel is nice, the pools are very good, the food could be more diverse than this hotel. 7. Comment: The welcome at the hotel was great. I would like to thank the friends at the reception for this. Cüneyt Şakir Ulaş, they are all very kind. Restaurant food was of good quality and delicious. The bars and cocktails are great. The animation was organized quite nicely. We are satisfied 8. Comment: A hotel we have been coming to for years. It offers us a wonderful experience every year, with its cleanliness, food quality and variety, and daytime entertainment. The service is very successful, all the waiters and bartenders are working very hard 9. Comment: The location of the hotel is very good, it has its own beach, a bar on the beach and indoor and outdoor alcoholic and non-alcoholic options. There are many pools and no shortage of sun loungers. All the staff are very friendly and solution-oriented from the moment you enter. The meals have sufficient variety and taste very good. The cons are.. Aqua park is very inadequate.. Even though different groups appear almost every day, their live museums revolve around the same 3-5 songs, mostly foreign music... (only Esra Capar is one of those who does this job justice) There could have been more poolside events and tournaments. There should be some more additions in this regard compared to other hotels.. Finally: Especially the animation team members are very attentive. I would like to thank Mr. Rayan, Mr. Kerem, Ms. Kadife and Ms. Natali extra. 10. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel, our holiday was great, there was a fun animation team and evening shows, great cocktails and quality alcohol, plenty of appetizers and salads in the Revan snack, delicious pitas and great gözleme, the service staff is doing their job very well, all the staff are smiling, thank you to everyone 11. Comment: The hotel is great, the service is super. The cleaning is great, thanks to everyone's efforts. The food is delicious, the coffee is high quality and delicious, the non-alcoholic cocktails are delicious, the waiters are very good at their jobs, the skater waiters are great. We will come again and definitely recommend it. Hotel entertainment and activities are going very well. Thank you 12. Comment: Everyone should have this amazing experience. We are very pleased, the staff is excellent and very attentive. Pavilion service was great. You have a private space. The food is very good. There is a lot of variety in the dishes. The bartenders make excellent and very stylish cocktails. Animation activities are excellent and they take care of you constantly throughout the day. The service is very good and very fast. All the staff are friendly. I recommend it to everyone. 13. Comment: All in all we had a wonderful holiday. The hotel's location, structure, facilities and food were all very nice. Waiters serve with a smile and no queues for meals. A hotel with large pools and aqua, everything is well thought out 14. Comment: 2nd stay at the hotel today. nowadays... The rooms, the cleanliness, the warmth of the staff (especially thanks to the waiter Emir), the attention and interest were amazing from the very beginning... food is nice and tastes good... The alcohol is very high quality, but my only problem is that even though the entertainment and animations are expressed in Turkish at the beginning, there is no explanation in Turkish at the end. I can understand something from the body language and understand that the program is over or that a photo should be taken. This is very sad for me... I can't find anything to say about not being a foreigner in my own country... Foreign songs were constantly played under live music, when I went up to them and told them there were 180 Turks in the hotel, but they said they would open now and only played 2 Turkish songs.... I'm not even talking about the disco, I went in and out at the same time, zero fun. This is Türkiye, the priority should be the beautiful songs of our country. FESTIVALS. I am correcting my comment again, it was corrected in Turkish on the same day... We thank Rayan...very likeable, incredibly successful... We would also like to thank Mr. Hüseyin for listening to us. 15. Comment: I would like to thank the friends at the reception who helped us the moment we checked in, especially Mr. Cüneyt and Mr. Şakir, the front office manager. The rooms were very clean and the animation team put on some really nice shows. The food was of very good quality. It was also very good to have a safe box in the rooms. 16. Comment: My holiday was great, we had low expectations when we came to the hotel because it was winter season, but Limak surprised us, the food variety is plentiful and delicious, the animation is very entertaining, the service is fast and hygienic, the bars have a variety of cocktails and most importantly, starting from the reception entrance, in every area I entered and visited in the hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. We thank everyone. If you want to come to a quality hotel, you should come to Lima. 17. Comment: We were pleased with the hotel and the service, rich food, quality service, variety of cocktails and alcohol, a large hotel area and pools were enough for us. The variety of the children's buffet made our child happy. Thank you everyone, a nice family hotel 18. Comment: One of the most beautiful hotels for me, the staff is respectful. The service at the bar was very good. Our rooms were clean. The cleaning lady who took care of us was like we were guests in her own home. They cleaned our room every day. The pools are big. There is an aqua park suitable for all ages. I was satisfied with everything. I recommend it to everyone. 19. Comment: It was a happy and peaceful holiday. Especially Murat Gürcan, Furkan Sarıbostan Bahadır, Samet Urlu and Mert Birol made us feel very at home with their sincerity, attention and concern. We would also like to thank Süleyman Savrun, Gülizar and Fatma Hanım in the restaurant section for not letting us know that he has a celiac allergy. 20. Comment: The hotel was great, thank you to everyone, the service speed and waiters were great, the food was delicious and varied, the evening buffet was plentiful and delicious with olive oil appetizers, the cocktails in the bars were delicious, the hotel truly offers a quality holiday service 21. Comment: We were pleased with everything, there were delicious meals, our room was clean, the cocktails were delicious and high quality, drinking coffee at the lobby bar was very enjoyable, the hotel area is wide and the pools are big, we were greeted nicely at the reception entrance and they were helpful, thank you to everyone. 22. Comment: The hotel was perfect for us, rich menus and delicious food, rooms are clean and spacious, the hotel area is spacious with a large pool area, there are bars everywhere, drinking coffee at the lobby bar and eating dessert at the sakura patisserie were our greatest pleasure. 23. Comment: An excellent hotel in every way. Cleaning service everything was perfect. I recommend it to everyone. The best shows I've ever watched were here. The animation team is involved. Morning activities allow us to start the day energetically. The food was excellent. The vegan buffet was adequate. Guest relations and reception staff were helpful. 24. Comment: It was a wonderful holiday. Even though it was winter, there was a very warm atmosphere. From the bar to the restaurant, from the cleaning staff to the animation team, every employee is friendly, smiling and helpful. I think this is the best thing about this hotel. The staff at Sakura Patisserie are especially wonderful, thank you to everyone. See you again next year 25. Comment: We stayed at the hotel at the end of July and the beginning of August. The service was very good. The meals were prepared really carefully. The rooms were nice and the pools were adequate, but the deepest pool was 140cm, which upset me a bit. There were many activities at the hotel and even I couldn't attend all of them during my 5-day holiday. The size of the hotel was very good, the sea was beautiful, the sand was a little pebbly but this was not the hotel's problem. As for the aqua park, it doesn't have a water park, it has three slides that you will get bored of after 2 days and the children's pool is definitely not enough. 26. Comment: A hotel we have been coming to for years. It offers us a wonderful experience every year, with its cleanliness, food quality and variety, and daytime entertainment. The service is very successful, all the waiters and bartenders are working very hard, but especially Mr. Salih, who looks after the pavilions, is very attentive and fast, he delivers whatever you want to you immediately, he is on time for everything. Rayan Bey from the entertainment team is also a very funny person, he knows how to entertain people, he is a very good presenter. It is very enjoyable to play darts, survivor and pool games during the day. They also added wellbeing events this year. Zumba was very shallow and very bad, the person doing it didn't even know what he was doing, I wasn't happy at all, but fly yoga was great. Ms. Tuğba, who taught Fly Yoga, knows her job very well and was very successful in making movements suitable for people of all levels. I hope fly yoga continues. 27. Comment: I would like to thank the reception staff who helped us when we arrived at the hotel. I would especially like to thank Mr. Cüneyt and Mr. Şakir. The animation team did a fantastic job. The rooms were clean and had a nice sea view. 28. Comment: Everything was good, we were satisfied, our expectations were met, various and delicious food, clean room, large pool area, quality alcohol and fast service, we are leaving happily on 29. Comment: 2 from Ankara to here. It was our arrival. We love the hotel very much and our children loved it too. Only last year our room was a suite and had a view. This year it was not really suitable for families with small children and was facing backwards. But it was still clean and relevant, thank you. The animation was very active during the day and evening. It was good to have a foam party on our last day. We had so much fun with the kids. My wife and I attended many classes at the wellness center. It was great to do sports with Gizem too. They were all very good. The pools were good, the lifeguard Mr. Çetin took good care of our children, and Ms. Gülfer was a good observer. Thank you. 30. Comment: We stayed at the hotel between 16-19 September. We did not encounter any problems with the staff and service, but as stated in the comments, the staff does not have that exaggerated interest and smiling face. Better alternatives can be considered for families with children. The number of pools is sufficient and clean. But unfortunately the sea is very wavy and dirty. Spa is chargeable. Game Center is paid. Markets and stores are overpriced. The open buffet is sufficient. Apart from seafood, other dishes are delicious. The rooms are nice but not luxurious. The hotel was not as good as the reviews said, but it was fine. My advice is not to have high expectations😊 31. Comment: I would like to thank Mr. Cüneyt and Mr. Şakir from the reception who helped us when we entered the hotel. A nice quality hotel, the animations are quite entertaining. The Kids Club shows sufficient interest. 32. Comment: 10 to Limak hotels. I went there for the first time, Lara or 3. my departure. In summary, Room; The rooms were the biggest plus of the hotel, they were very clean and spacious, the only downside was that there was no socket in the bathroom, you cannot use electrical appliances. Food: The variety of food was sufficient, I found it successful. Except for one day when the chef called a pot of food that was not cooked inside as cooked, everything was delicious, especially the pastry was very successful. Special thanks to Gökhan Bey and Emre İpçi Bey at the restaurant for their service. Pool: Houses with pools are very successful, you go straight down to the pool and it cools down. The other pools were very large, the filter system of one pool that did not work for the first few days discolored it and it was not beautiful for 3 days. Bars; I think the most problematic part is that there are very few expert bartenders, thanks to Ramazan Bey from the Lobby Bar, but unfortunately there were no other bartenders who knew their job, there were either trainee students or self-taught kids. The hotel needs to get rid of bar staff, especially those like Burak Bey, who mistakes Vodka for Tequila. Uninformed employees who argue with customers reduce quality. There should be a more professional structure. I trust our Bar Manager will take care of this. Entertainment: The big band was very successful, especially they made Queen very successful. It was great with live music. Pool entertainment was also adequate. Hoping to see a better Limak, thank you. 33. Comment: One of the most beautiful hotels for me, the staff is respectful. The service at the bar was very good. Our rooms were clean. They cleaned our room every day. Mini bars were filled regularly, we were satisfied 34. Comment: Hotel Limak Lara is a perfect hotel to relax, service is nice and fast, food is varied, alcohol is quality, staff is friendly, Entertainment team helped to make our holiday great and it was very good. The event program is very entertaining with a night dance program on the 35th. Comment: Service, cleanliness, food, everything is perfect, alcohol in bars is of high quality, sitting at the beach bar was very enjoyable for us, we are very happy, we liked the parties organized by the animation team in the hotel, the evening shows, the staff at the hotel reception was very attentive, see you again 36. Comment: I had a nice holiday at the hotel, the staff was very polite, the service was fast and of high quality, the alcohol, the coffees were delicious, spending time in the bars was enjoyable, the dart game at the Laila bar was very entertaining, the variety and taste of the food was sufficient for us, our room was cleaned regularly, thank you to everyone 37. Comment: The hotel is very nice in terms of pool, slide and food. We also loved the patisserie. The rooms are large and adequate. There is constant activity in the evenings. The only disadvantage is that there are some staff working in the restaurant section, but not all of them. There are staff who pass by without even answering when we ask for something. You wait long times for water and table cleaning. On the contrary, some staff are friendly and helpful. Every employee must provide service to the same standards and care. 38. Comment: The best holiday experience I have ever had. A very nice summer hotel. THE ANIMATION IS VERY GOOD AND VERY PROFESSIONAL. The food is very delicious. The service is excellent. Reception and guest relations were always helpful to us. The bellboys took care of us at the entrance. I recommend it to everyone. 39. Comment: We had a wonderful holiday with my son and wife between 19-24 August 2024. We stayed in room 1805. The hotel's cleanliness, food and activities were more than satisfactory. Our room was cleaned every day and our sheets were changed every other day. Endless thanks to Ms. Elif who took care of room cleaning. The animators and kidsclub staff were very attentive. Special thanks to the restaurant staff, the food was delicious... Every day there were various dishes such as meat, chicken, fish, turkey... The sea was sometimes wavy but clean... The pools were quite adequate and tidy. Thank you for everything Limak Lara, we are leaving refreshed and rested... 40. Comment: I would like to thank Mr. Cüneyt, Mr. Mehmet and Mr. Şakir, each and every one of them, for helping us when we arrived at Limak Lara. The animation performed quite nicely. Restaurant Food was nice. The bars are nice and the cocktails are nice. 41. Comment: All the employees were extremely polite, kind and understanding, unlike any I have ever encountered before. First of all, Mr. Göktuğ from guest relations. We have no complaints about the hotel. 99.9% we will come back next year. In addition, evening animations and stage events are of very high quality. It really took a lot of effort and money. Even a dance group that I had paid 50 euros per person to watch in Vienna was shown to me for free at an evening stage event. My wife and I were really surprised. Also, the bands brought in for the live music that started after the stage event were very successful. I couldn't learn the name of the band (so I'm very sorry) but there was a middle-aged guitarist named Serdar Bey. I don't know whether to say Eric Clapton or Santana. He was an incredibly talented musician. We loved it too. Thank you so much again for everything. I hope the hotel manages to maintain its quality and employee satisfaction in this way. Because this experience that pleased us was directly related to the happiness of the employees as well as the hotel's facilities. Best regards:) 42. Comment: All in all we had a wonderful holiday. The hotel's location, structure, facilities and food were all very nice. Waiters serve with a smile and no queues for meals. It is a hotel with large pools and aqua, everything has been well thought out. The sea is wavy in the afternoons in July and more swimmable in the mornings. The hotel's different entertainment every night prevents you from getting bored. There are sufficient facilities for children. Apart from the main restaurant, they offered dinner one night at the Reveran restaurant. We attended dinner there with live music. the food was perfectly delicious. I would like to thank each and every one of the managers and waiters who contributed to this wonderful holiday with their service from arrival to departure. I would also like to thank my sister Ferda, who made us extremely satisfied with her service. Before I forget, our room cleaning was extremely good. However, I wish there were two rooms of prayer room in this huge hotel. Comment: My thoughts for Limak Lara Hotel are extremely positive 💯 I would like to thank all the hotel staff who never stopped smiling from the day we checked in to the day we checked out in August with my positive family, everything was within the framework of respect and love, the food was super delicious and had a very wide menu, I have nothing to say about the room we stayed in because I can say that I felt at home with the view, the size of the room, I think she was the favorite lady from guest relations, even if I wrote her name wrong 🙏 she made us have a wonderful day that we can't forget, I thanked her very much on our last day of accommodation, I didn't forget, I had to write this 🙂 We hope we can spend our holiday at Limak Hotel again. A great hotel for families and children. Thank you again for everything 44. Comment: We liked the food of our hotel the most, everything was good, we had a good holiday, the kids had a lot of fun, the desserts in the patisserie section are great, the coffee is great, I recommend it, the food is very delicious, Kardelen at the entrance of the restaurant is very sympathetic and smiling, we will definitely come again. 45. Comment: We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days with my family, I didn't know what to write when I saw the comments, I wonder who says bad about this hotel, I am saying as someone who has stayed in Iberostar, Sherwood, Rixos Belek, Barut and many other Antalya hotels, it is a very very nice hotel, cleanliness, food, desserts, beach, proximity to the sea, adequacy of the pool, what more could you want in a hotel, I wonder, moreover, the price performance is very very good compared to the hotels I have listed, don't hesitate, October fest was great too, it would be nice if you coincide, the employees, the waiters, everyone was very smiling and helpful. 46. Comment: We liked the hotel in general. Children's activities are very nice. Our child had a lot of fun at the mini club. The animation's daily activities, evening shows and parties are very entertaining. The food was good. They immediately fulfilled our requests for the mini bar. The animation team was generally very friendly and warm-hearted. We thank each and every one of them very much. Entertainment manager Mr. Serhat had a lot of fun with us. It added fun to our fun.😁 47. Comment: We are coming from Istanbul with my wife. We booked the hotel long in advance and waited impatiently. We liked the hotel very much. Everything was great, the rooms were clean and the drinks were good. The animation entertainment was very good. The team was very good, we liked the whole team very much. They were all smiling. The shows were good, we liked them. There was a lot of activity during the day. It was good that there was a foam party on our last day, we had fun. There were many classes in the wellness club. It was a very beautiful area. Gizem and I did water gymnastics every day. It was very fun. He was friendly and helpful. Thanks for everything 48. Comment: There was a large pool area, the rooms were clean, the waiters were serving quickly, we loved the skater waiters, the important part for us was the food, from the main course to the cold dishes, the desserts were perfect, thank you to everyone 49. Comment: If you are looking for a family hotel, this is definitely a great choice for families. Everywhere is close. We did not have any problems with sunbeds. The general areas are clean. Our rooms are clean. The shows are good. Thank you everyone for your interest. 50. Comment: First of all, I wanted to write a comment because I had read the comments before going to this hotel. After going, I was very surprised. I think the comments were definitely exaggerated. First of all, the hotel does not provide service at a level that deserves its price in terms of price performance, especially in terms of food quality and staff attention. Although there is a lot of variety in the dishes, quality content is not offered. The hotel provides services as a Delux, but the food quality and content are at the level of a more mediocre hotel. Everything that is done seems to be done just for the sake of doing it, tasteless and careless. If I had gone to a more affordable hotel, I might not have minded this detail so much, but I would have expected much better service from a higher priced hotel. Let me give you the simplest example. In the hotels of this type that I have been to before, the fizzy drinks that come in sealed cans during meals are served open here and they don't even have any kind of ancillary properties like water. If I have to comment on the alcohol, I can say that it was good in that regard. Although the bartenders were not very interested, it was good in terms of alcohol content and taste. 51. Comment: The hotel has a large area, the pools are big, there is no chance of you going hungry, there are places where you can find food or snacks at every time of the day, the laila snack is wonderfully delicious and the waiter service makes you feel special to have a snack a la carte, the staff is very polite and helpful, the animation is fun, our room and the hotel area are clean we were satisfied thank you to everyone 52. Comment: The food, breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks are excellent, in my opinion, all food services are of a la carte quality. The materials used are of very high quality. All the drinks are of high quality and served either by the bottle or by the glass, which is great, but I can't say enough good things about the free wine. The employees are friendly and patient. The beach is perfect. The pools are clean and sufficient in number. You don't have to worry about looking for a sunbed, they immediately come to your aid. 5 from the hotel we bought for 7 days. We had to leave because my leg was broken the other day. We would like to thank the general manager of the hotel, the guest services manager Ms. Gamze Kurtboğan, and all the staff, especially the lifeguard Ms. Buse, who found our lost boat, for not victimizing us. We want to come back again at the first opportunity we get. Good luck 53. Comment: The hotel was very good in terms of cleanliness of the room. We had a comfortable holiday with our 6 year old child. We went as a group and the kids had a great time with lots of activities, kids pools and slides. The food was also good, although the Zen Restaurant where breakfast and dinner were served seemed a bit chaotic. But thanks to the Chef who heard the pasta my daughter wanted from me and brought it to our table from another restaurant. (I specifically looked up the name but unfortunately I forgot it) The pools, activities, evening entertainment, drinks and cocktails met my expectations. We sat together as a group and had fun (10 families). Thanks to the hotel staff who worked really hard and got really tired. Maybe the number of staff could be increased, because they are working breathlessly to meet everyone's requests in the all-inclusive concept. They still kept their smiles on, but it was obvious that they were very tired. 54. Comment: 4th in the hotel. nowadays. I think the ratings and comments are exaggerated. Because it also influenced my choice. Definitely not a fun hotel. Live music is very weak and not even entertaining. The aqua park is simple. The food is not as good or wonderful as it is exaggerated to be. Very ordinary and inadequate for this type of hotel. Meat varieties are few. It's not worth getting up early for breakfast. Ala carte event is paid for everyone. It doesn't matter how many nights you stay. There is no cover charge either, there is a large menu, everything you eat has a separate fee. Snack restaurants have a 3-hour period, one opens and the other closes. The product that is available in one place is not available in the other. It's okay if it's not the one by the pool. No pizza or burgers. There is no food issue on the sea side. They don't make cocktails at their bar. Nothing can be eaten by the pool. Of course there is no food, but there is no fruit or snacks either. The ice cream hours are limited, you see it is closed. No indoor ice cream. There's no such thing as boiled corn. Popcorn 4 euro. I make these comments by comparing them with the hotels we stayed in previous years. The hotel we stayed at last year was priced lower than here and we couldn't get enough of our vacation. This year we made our choice to have a holiday in a better place, but now that we have 3 days, we feel like we should go as soon as possible. I'm not happy that I chose this place. Not in my family. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because we stayed in places that I can recommend. All the staff, bartenders and waiters are attentive and friendly. There is no problem in those matters. Except for the lady who welcomed me at the reception on the first day. The drinks are pretty good. The only wine that comes as standard is awful, at least it would have been a bottle. 55. Comment: We have experienced many hotels around Antalya. Limak is a good hotel with its pluses. Cleanliness, friendly staff, attitude towards Turks is great. Generally in our own country, they treat us like second people. We have not experienced that. Pools are clean, food is delicious, quality products are used, it is obvious. 56. Comment: We came here after reading the comments before coming. We were a little scared, we called and asked the tour company and came despite that. There is no garage problem, the rooms' air conditioning is broken, there is no animation etc. It was irrelevant. It had nothing to do with the complaints. You can be sure of this. On the contrary, there was a fast welcome, the rooms were clean and the air conditioning was good, the ladies came to clean the room before I left, they were very fast, thank you. The pools are big and clean and the pool games are great fun and nice. The entertainment program, music and sports were amazing. Every day there was a show and after party or music, and twice a week there were breakaway and themed parties during the day. The wellness center has been established in a beautiful area for years and provides lessons and sports with sports trainers. Gizem teacher helped us in every way. It was great to chat and exercise with him. All the hotel staff were very nice, friendly and helpful. Thank you very much. 57. Comment: We liked the hotel very much as a family with our children. We chose this place from Ankara - The hotel welcome was good, the rooms were clean and well taken care of, and cleaned every day. Hotel restaurants and bars are clean, quality drinks are good, hardworking staff, well taken care of. The pool, beach garden, was very clean and the staff was attentive. The entertainment program was especially great. There was a separate program during the day and another in the evening. The parties are amazing and we can't even make it because of the crowd. There were many classes in the wellness center above the bar. We attended many sports classes with teacher Gizem and my son used the fitness center inside. We are happy with everything. Despite the heat, while we were having a hard time moving, the animation staff was always active, the others were skaters, and those at the dinner table, well done to all of them. Thanks a lot.. 58. Comment: We came to the hotel with our cousins. From the moment we entered the hotel, the attention and interest was very nice. The staff was super helpful. The rooms were clean and had a view. The food was great. The animation and entertainment were very good. We did not notice the crowds due to the size of the hotel. We had a lot of fun. We did some girls' sports at the Wellness sports club, it was great. We did zumba with Gizem. Thank you for a holiday full of fun and sports. 59. Comment: This is our 2nd family stay at the hotel. Everything was great again upon our arrival. The rooms were clean and well-maintained. The service personnel was hardworking and friendly. Thank you. The animation was very entertaining. Even though it's September, it's still very active. There were big shows. There were active games for children, and there were adult games in the pool every day. The foam part was very good. A poolside children's festival was established. Thank you very much, we had a lot of fun. We did sports with sports coach Gizem Hanım, thank you for your interest 60. Comment: We had a nice holiday experience, all the hotel staff are smiling, they make you feel comfortable and calm, the indoor pool has a slide and it is great and very large, the outdoor pools are very large, you will not have a problem with sunbeds, the food is very diverse, vegan, grilled, fish, pita, many varieties that you cannot imagine, the service is very fast, we liked it very much and were satisfied, I thank everyone. 61. Comment: Hotel Hersey com was great. We liked everything very much. Service bars were very good. The drinks were of good quality, the alcohol was terrific. Skaters are doing well. Especially Ms. Merve was very successful and friendly. Thank you . The animation was very entertaining and there were many programs. We had so much fun, the parties and shoelaces were amazing. There were many wellness-centered classes. Thank you also to Ms. Sports Gizem. We will come again. 62. Comment: We came here for the first time with my family. The hotel was way above our expectations. Everything was perfect. We were amazed by the hotel. There were all kinds of activities you could think of. The animation shows, parties, sports were very nice. We attended as a family. I recommend it to everyone. We had so much fun. We attended many sports classes at the wellness center with my mother. All the coaches were very good. Gizem teacher took great care of us, doing sports with her was both enjoyable and enjoyable. Also, he was the only one who wanted to do boxing, it was a good place to work. We were with him from time to time outside of classes. We thank him and all the hotel staff. 😍⭐️🌟⭐️ 63. Comment: I would like to thank the friends at the reception, they helped us a lot during the check-in and check-out. The animation was of very high quality and the food in the restaurant was varied. The night shows were great. 64. Comment: Location is in the most beautiful and central place of Antalya. The rooms are clean. The service quality is very very good. The quality of food and drink is superb. The staff is friendly and attentive, its only rival could be another Limak hotel. We had a very fun and unforgettable holiday. 65. Comment: It was a great holiday, the quality of food and beverage is indisputable, classic Limak quality, a hotel where families with children can go and have fun, with activities at all hours. The location is very close to the airport, hospital, shopping mall etc., so I chose it. The staff is friendly and attentive. The rooms and the hotel in general are spotlessly clean. The towels are clean and changed regularly. There are snack bars all around the hotel, there is no way you will be hungry or thirsty. I would come again and highly recommend it. 66. Comment: I would like to thank the reception staff and the friendly Bellboy team who did their best to help us when we entered the hotel. Its restaurants have delicious food and its bars have a wide variety of alcohol and cocktails. The animation team and Miniclup were also very successful. 67. Comment: I chose Limak for the first time. I just came from Ankara. I made new friends here and we had fun. It felt so good to just listen to your head. My room service drinks were good and of good quality. STAFF was very good. The animation, party and entertainment was great, I was never bored, there were lots of shows, parties and live music. The last time I played bingo. We did karaoke with other guests whom I made friends with. It was funny and entertaining. We did sports in the wellness area outside the sea during the day, it felt very good. Mystery never left me alone. We played bocce on the beach and it was fun. Thanks for the Herswy. 68. Comment: We stayed in October. The rooms were clean, the food was great, the service was great. We were very pleased with the friendly staff and their attention to detail. There were enough pools and it was quiet because it was October. We were very pleased. Thank you 69. Comment: I will evaluate the time I spent at your hotel, it really was my best holiday experience, great food, fast service, everyone is very polite and smiling, helpful, thank you for everything 70. Comment: This hotel, where we spent our honeymoon, was far beyond our expectations. Every detail was carefully considered and we felt special at every moment. The friendliness and attention of the staff was truly wonderful. The comfort of the rooms, the delicious food and the general atmosphere made us very happy. We had an unforgettable holiday and can't wait to come back again. Thank you for everything. 71. Comment: When I first entered the hotel I realized something was wrong. Although we booked our room on the hotel's own website, unfortunately we could not stay in the room we wanted. However, they immediately found a solution to our problem and accommodated us in a nicer room. Later, they called us several times and asked how we were doing. Even though we were a little demoralized when we first started, we were in a much better position right after. The food is definitely adequate and satisfying. I would like to thank all the friends working at Zen restaurant. Because of their friendliness and hospitality. The animation team was the best I've ever been to. They gave goosebumps with their Turkish night and created a real concert atmosphere with their Queen performance. I don't think this way about most hotels, but I'm already looking forward to the upcoming summer season. 72. Comment: The abundance of choices in the meals and the fact that each dish suits every taste are great advantages. It was the best hotel I've ever been to in this regard. The abundance of variety in alcohol also brings it to the forefront in terms of drinks. The presentation of the cocktails is also eye-catching. The animation team is very entertaining. Our rooms are always clean and tidy. Many thanks to Ms. Serap who cleaned our room every day. It was peaceful to start the day with the fascinating view. 73. Comment: We stayed at Limak Lara with my family between 16-21 August 2024. During our stay, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel and the quality of products and services. Part of our satisfaction is of course the efforts of all our employees as a team, starting with the management. Please accept my gratitude on behalf of my family. Every minute we spent at your hotel was very valuable to us. We feel rested, renewed and energized. On the day we left, the first hotel we felt sorry about was Limak Lara because of the emotional bond we had established. On this occasion, I would like to thank the reception manager Şakir Bey for his attention, care, courtesy, devotion and sincerity in seeing us off; Erol Bey from the waiter team for his quickness, communication and courtesy with our children; the ladies who are the symbol of the devotion of our Anatolian people who make omelets, gözleme and börek by the stove in the breakfast section in addition to the heat of the weather; for their delicious hands; the staff who clean our rooms; and each and every employee whose name I cannot mention but who contributes to the operation of the hotel. Hoping to experience Limak quality with you again. 74. Comment: We were generally very pleased with our family holiday in July 2024. Our room was cleaned flawlessly daily. The food and drinks were varied, very tasty and nice, and the presentation was great. All the staff were friendly, polite and attentive. I would especially like to thank the Chief of Staff, Ms. Nadire, for her interest and service. The only point we were not satisfied with was that the pools were extremely hot and there was no icing like in a spa. We forwarded our suggestion to public relations. The shaded pools were nice though. The sea was beautiful for Antalya sea. The aquapark for children was nice, but there could be a few more varieties. The price is very reasonable compared to equivalent hotels. Comment: We are coming from Ankara with my hotel wife. It was a taste beyond what we expected. Because even though we were worried about the environmental impact, we were welcomed very well from the first moment we entered. The rooms were clean and well-groomed, the ladies were attentive, thank you. The entertainment program especially made me happiest with that speed. A team that continues from morning till night, provides lessons with games, pool games, indoor sports hall, outdoor wellness area and sports coaches. We had a water gymnastics lesson with Gizem teacher, cycling with a music team in the field and in the evening we finished off with a zumba class with a sea view. Evening shows, parties and health parties were amazing. Everyone had so much fun, so did we. Thank you to the animation staff and the lovely Limak family… 76. Comment: Limak Lara deluxe is not up to deluxe standards, because there is no variety in @Snakler (pasta, french fries, some watermelon etc.). tasteless, sloppy pitas...) @The staff is insufficient, when you want to get a drink it takes at least 10 minutes. You wait in line at the bar, you give up drinking, @There is never cold water. @The hotel is very crowded and there are not enough sunbeds; people leave their towels on the sunbeds and leave, no one comes until the evening, there is no staff to follow up. @Our Holiday (21. Since there was no snack option in July, we went to the main restaurant for dinner at 13:45. The restaurant manager, Mr. Suleyman, did not want to let us and my little girl in because my 12-year-old daughter's pareo was wet. He told us to go and change our clothes (there were 15 minutes left until the meal was over). We said there is no time, go to the shelter, you cannot sit on the seats here, he said. This manager, who is not solution-oriented, cannot even let us sit on the rubber chairs... It is forbidden... Luckily, we leave here without damaging the hotel restaurant chairs and never return again. 77. Comment: This is our second time staying at the hotel. The food is excellent and there is quite a lot of variety. Especially the food variety at the restaurant on the beach is excellent. The dessert varieties are also very rich and delicious. Room cleaning is not very good, but any complaints were taken into consideration immediately and detailed cleaning was done the next day. There is a shortage of cold water, cold drinks and ice throughout the hotel. Animation is not good except for poolside parties. The area where the demonstrations are held is not enough anyway. However, the Wellness team is very professional, we had a great time at Fly Yoga and we would especially like to thank Ms. Tuba. 78. Comment: First of all, I want to start with the Mini club. My child wanted to join the mini club for the first time and had a lot of fun. Mini club activities are very fun and sufficient. Mini club staff is friendly and warm. My child loved each and every one of them. When we were leaving, our child was very upset and did not want to leave. The mini disco was also great fun. We would like to thank Katife, Irina, Laura and Dilara individually. The evening shows by the animation team were very nice. We were never bored or even unable to keep up with the activities. My wife joined the shooting and had fun. We participated in the daily activities of the animation team. We attended the foam party and had fun there too. We thank the animation team. 79. Comment: We booked the hotel for 4 nights. However, the holiday was so enjoyable that we extended it a little longer. The hotel's kitchen, bars, beach and pools were all very nice. Especially the evening shows were very enjoyable and of high quality. The food quality was very good. There was every kind of food and drink you could think of. What surprised me about the hotel is that all the employees from top to bottom are friendly and fulfill requests quickly. The cleanliness of the room and the toilets in all areas were excellent. You can choose with your eyes closed. The only downside of the hotel is that the poolside animation team is not very active. There should be more fun activities. Thank you to the entire hotel for this wonderful holiday 80. Comment: The hotel was truly magnificent in terms of food and service quality. The waiters and bartenders were very friendly and attentive. The alcohol used was well-known brands and the cocktails were delicious. However, we were not satisfied with the animation at all, it was a repulsive, cold and almost non-existent team. But apart from the animation, there was nothing we were not happy with. The beach area was narrow but adequate. It is more of a family hotel with lots of children, so you should choose 81 knowing this. Comment: We have stayed in Limra before, this time we chose this place. We liked everything. The hotel staff was very attentive, friendly and helpful, and they did their jobs well. The animations, entertainment, competitions and shows were very good. The animation team deserves congratulations. The rooms were clean and nice. The food is plentiful and varied. There was food to suit everyone's taste in my family. Children's pool and kids' club. Well done. The Wellness Area is very beautiful with a sea view, the teachers are very professional and the programs are detailed. We rode our bikes with sports coach Gizem. It was very fun with music. I would like to thank her for her help and cheerful attitude. See you again.. 82. Comment: Being close to the airport is a great advantage, a la carte services and food are great, service at the bars was very fast, thank you to all the staff, see you again. 83. Comment: When we first entered the hotel, the receptionist lied so many times in order not to change us to another room that in the end he even started laughing at the lies he told. The food was limited and tasteless and the desserts are worth it. Believe me, the worst place you buy would have better desserts and be of better quality. The pools are so dirty and smelly that when you put on your glasses and look into the pool, your stomach turns. The staff doesn't even know what they are doing. The number of staff is so low that one person does several jobs at the same time. If you are expecting a quality hotel, quality service and good food, you are in the wrong place. If you say, "What's the big deal, as long as it's a hotel," you are in the right place. When I came 2 years ago, I was very pleased, that's why I came, I regret it so much that if I could convince my family, I would have cut my vacation short and gone. I wrote down what I said and what I saw as valid for myself. 84. Comment: We came from Ankara with our family. Everything was fine. We do not only drink alcohol, when it is all inclusive systematic, as a family that does not consume alcohol, the alcohol-free systematic option can also be chosen. We suggest that if something happens next time, it would be better for us. The rooms are clean and nice, the air conditioning setting is just not very good, it should be looked after. But we were pleased with Herawy. Service restaurants and bars are not very crowded. The staff and bars were good, we sat mostly on the beach. Only the slides could be bigger. The animation program, parties, pool activities, sports and kids club were great. The wellness center was very good. We rode our bikes and did Zumba with teacher GİZEM. Thanks to the entire team 85. Comment: This is our first time coming to the hotel. We came from Izmir with our children. We had a nice holiday. Everything was fine. Our room was nice and very cool. It was clean and tidy. Guleryuzluyduler. The food was delicious and there were many regional dishes and desserts. Food vegetables etc. only for babies. We wish it were. Drinks were nice and good quality. The entertainment animation was very nice. The shows were not only nice but also warm. Otherwise, if we have more guests, we will be the same. But it was better to have live music inside. The animators were active and hard working. The children's club was active. The bar above is beautiful. There was a wellness sports area. There were many sports classes and we tried to attend all of them. Miss Gizem, all of us. directed to the programs. Water with it. We did gymnastics and Zumba and had a lot of fun. 86. Comment: All the hotel staff are very, very attentive; As soon as we arrived at the hotel, even though we arrived early and were 3 families, our rooms were immediately arranged and information about the hotel was given. Every day after that, our room was called and asked if we needed anything. When we needed it, it was fixed in less than 5 minutes. At the hotel's pool bar, Murat Bey and other friends, at the entrance, guest rilation, Mesut Bey, Enisa Hanım, from the cook in the restaurant to the service personnel, everyone was friendly, smiling and attentive. By the way, the food was wonderful. I am thinking of coming next year as well and I would like to thank them all for their interest during this period when I was their guest. I will recommend it to everyone. 87. Comment: It was a hotel that we were very pleased with with its food, alcohol quality, and cleanliness. We will definitely choose this place again, especially with the variety of food, the variety and taste of Turkish and Far Eastern cuisine, and the attention of the staff. Although the hotel is operating at full capacity, the pools, bars, sun loungers and other parts of the hotel are sufficient for everyone. 88. Comment: The hotel is generally very nice, the food is of high quality and carefully prepared, the pools are clean and hygienic, the bars have a very diverse and rich alcohol menu, the animation is very rich both in terms of staff and shows, but I would especially like to thank Göktuğ Bey from guest relations. Comment: Everything was great during our holiday at Limak Lara Hotel, the cleanliness and quality of the food were great. I would especially like to thank Mr. Ramazan at the Lobby Bar for the service he provided. He offers his service to his guests with his smiling face and gentlemanliness. I would also like to thank the entire team at Ayreten Spa. I am happy that we chose Limak Lara. 90. Comment: We love Limak Hotel as a family.. Our rooms were good and the food was good. All the staff were hardworking and friendly. There were a lot of comments written but they were not very relevant. The deficiencies were daily and momentary things that were resolved and are being resolved. Restaurants, bars and tables are full, but as a nation we like to sit in restaurants, walk, have tea and cake, so it is not possible to sit on the ground unless there are many shields. There may not be enough staff. We also thank Mr. Kudret and Mr. Alibe for helping our family and children. The entertainment program was great, the shows were super, the parties were very good, our children and grandchildren had fun at the party. Wellness classes were very good and active. The entire team was hardworking and active. Miss Gizem was very helpful to us, she was friendly and helpful, her conversation and help with our girls was very good. thank you 91. Comment: We came with friends and our room was very nice. Definitely price-performance ratio, moreover, they have all kinds of alcohol and make a variety of cocktails. Bartenders are great at this. The pools and beach are spotlessly clean. Our room was clean. Ms. Elif made our room very clean. We played volleyball with the animation team on the beach and had a lot of fun. The evening entertainment was very nice. The animation team is great. From reception to security, everyone is friendly. We would like to thank Ms. Enise for helping us with everything🫶🏽 92. Comment: My experiences after staying 4 nights and 5 days; The location is good, easy to find, close to the center. The sea is wavy, very salty and very warm. The number of sun loungers is sufficient and the shading is nice. There are many pools, they are quite large. The number of bars is high and the variety of alcoholic products is sufficient. Soft drink level disappointing. The variety of food is sufficient, kebabs and grilled dishes are generally not successful. World cuisine products are beautiful and delicious. Their classic desserts are nice, their medium-level local desserts are good. The number of employees is sufficient, the service is fast and the employees are friendly. Considering the service it offers in terms of price, I think it is at a high level, but weak in terms of price performance. 93. Comment: We went to this hotel as a family and left with satisfaction. We were very comfortable as a family with two children. Our room was clean and spacious. The staff was friendly. Especially the service staff in the kitchen and bar were all great, polite, fast and smiling people. Thank you very much ❤ 94. Comment: We chose this place for 2 weeks with our family, children and grandchildren. We come from Adana. We are happy with the hotel in every way. All. The staff is very nice, friendly and hard-working. The pools were just too hot. The animation programs were very nice and active and everything was perfect. Day and evening. The activities were very good.. There are many sports in wellness, our daughters and grandchildren participated in most of them. Mini club. It was beautiful, big and active. Sports coach Gizem Hanım helped us and we loved it even more when we had land. The evening parties were nice, we had fun as a family. We will come again. 95. Comment: The food is varied and delicious, the cleanliness is really good. We did not experience any problems as a group of 10 people. Especially in the section where lahmacun was distributed, the name of which I do not remember, KÜBRA HANIM (YILMAZ) responded to all our requests in the best way with her GÜLERYUZU. I would like to thank him especially. and a thank you for his sincerity, his attitude, and the fun dance and sports activities he made us do every day, he made our 7 days even more beautiful, we never wanted to participate in such activities in any of the holidays we went on, but we even left the sea and went to the wellness chef GÜLEN SERIM :) The animation team really never let us get bored🙏we left satisfied🙏 96. Comment: We were generally very pleased with our family holiday in July 2024. Our room was cleaned daily. The food and drinks were diverse and delicious. All the staff were friendly, polite and attentive. We especially liked the fruit and water that the staff gave us as a snack when we left the hotel. We stayed at the hotel for so long and this was the first time we said goodbye like this. We recommend it. 97. Comment: We stayed as a family of 4. If we had come alone, we would have been very bored. Activities are very limited, evening entertainment, animation shows etc. very weak. There is only a kids club for children but there are no activities for the older age group (8 and above). The mini disco in the evening was also very poor. As for the food, the food is also very poor. The hotel was also very poor in terms of snacks. The only positive thing I can say is that the staff was friendly and the hotel was clean. 98. Comment: It was a wonderful family holiday experience for us. All the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, the food (especially the grills) is great, the cleaning -including the common areas- is very good... Limak's dance team is very professional (congrats Eduardo!). The wellness center is very good and comprehensive, we enjoyed attending many classes with Gizem teacher. Even though the hotel is not very big, it was a week when we did not feel crowded. There were rare things we expected to be better, such as Turkish night, magician show, etc. We put this place and other Limak hotels at the top of our preference list. Thanks for everything 😊