1. Yorum: Great vacation, great hotel, great pools and amazing staff. My wife and I enjoyed our stay. Room was spotless bed very comfortable shower strong and nice. The cleaners did an amazing job every day.… 2. Yorum: Unfortunately, our stay at this hotel was not as relaxing as we had hoped. Our room was at the far end of the building, overlooking the parking lot and right next to a construction site that was open until 8pm. The noise of… 3. Yorum: Clean and nice hotel. Unfortunately, the service staff pays almost no attention to you. I don't know if it was because we were there in the off-season. They all also had food poisoning (4 adults and 1 child). The doctor was nice, but he also talked a lot of numbers and you got the feeling he was just trying to sell you something. The child (1 and a half years old) was sick for a week with diarrhea, fever and vomiting. We don't know exactly what it was. Whether it was because of the food or because of a virus that was “out there”. The hotel kids club was great. There is a lot for children. The evening shows were also enjoyable and entertaining. The beach was always clean. There were always sun loungers and plenty of shade. 4. Yorum: Very large and nice hotel.|The room was large enough, with enough storage space and a very spacious bed. The room was also cleaned every day and congratulations to the cleaning staff.||The food in the restaurant was always… 5. Yorum: We had a wonderful stay at this hotel! The food was simply fantastic, with a great selection that surprised us every day. The children's pool was a highlight for our little ones - there was always enough space and our 2 year old had so much fun. Our room was always clean and tidy, and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. From start to finish we were more than satisfied. One small downside was that the area between the children's slides was not as clean as the rest of the hotel. Even though I mentioned this, this area was not cleaned in the following days. However, our vacation was great overall and we would love to go back! 6. Yorum: We stayed here at the end of May (sorry for the late review) for a week and had a great time. The pool facilities were excellent and great for the kids. The rooms were large and spotless, with the mini bar being filled every day. The food at the hotel was very good, with lots of variety and a new menu every day. We also ate at the kebab restaurant and that was also very good. The evening entertainment was brilliant and the kids loved it. Would you be more than happy to return or recommend it to anyone looking to vacation in Lara Beach? 7. Yorum: We had a great stay at the Miracle Hotel. It is very clean, the food is very good, we had a wide variety of dishes, desserts, fruits, drinks. The thing is very cool. I also did morning gymnastics, Kangoo jumping, yoga with the trainer… 8. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel between August 26th and 31st, 2024, 2 families, totaling 7 people. We were very pleased with this hotel, which we purchased on favorable terms during the advance booking period through Jolly Tur. We are already… 9. Yorum: The hotel was very good in terms of hygiene. The rooms are a bit old, there is no kettle in the room. However, the comfort was good. It was convenient for me to place it behind the glass window of the cafeteria. Waste is avoided and it is healthier. It was no problem as they gave us everything we wanted. The variety of food was good. Even though it was early September, at the end of the season, the service staff treated me as if I were the hotel's first guest that summer. Everyone was helpful and friendly. We LOVED the entertainment at the hotel. Not only the children, but we also liked it very much. The artists were very good. You can't find a spot around the pool unless you grab a lounge chair early in the morning. It's a disadvantage. Those responsible for life safety in the pools were very careful and attentive. My only complaint about the pool is that there is an age limit of 12 in the boat section. I think it would be much healthier if this wasn't limited by age, but by height and weight. Honestly, I only have one complaint about the hotel: the elevators. Almost half of the holiday was spent waiting for the elevator :(( I don't think it's enough for these guys. Other than that, thanks. Enjoy your work. Managing all this and maintaining the standard is not an easy task. 10. Yorum: This is my real time at this hotel. I was very pleased with my stay. The restaurant staff were very friendly and helped me choose the food as I have allergies. The hotel has a very beautiful beach with umbrellas… 11. Yorum: We left the hotel yesterday. We wish this would never end. The food is incredibly delicious and hygienic. Everywhere is shining. There they prepare your meals and serve them, and you eat them hot and fresh, served by the chefs. Desserts and cakes were made with a care that I have never seen in any hotel. The food and desserts were delicious. There was a lot of variety. The waiters and all the staff were incredibly friendly. Mainly to Mrs. Gülseren, who cleaned our room, made different decorations for us every day with towels. My son was opening them one by one and examining them, wondering how he did it. Yusuf, the water park attendant, was excellent with his warmth and smiling face. We were pleased with all the staff. It is obvious that they were all chosen with care. Your clothes, your equipment, your speed, your skills. They have a giant swimming pool. I think it was the biggest pool I've ever swum in. The only downside is that the sea is not clean. You can't see two feet in front of you in the water. There is no garbage, but the water is not clear. We were sailing along, hoping everything would clear up, but no, I definitely couldn't see my wife swimming 3 feet away. Everything is close to each other and walking distance is almost non-existent. That didn't bother us at all. The pool, the sea, the pita restaurant, the doner restaurant, the gozleme restaurant, the restaurant, they are all close by. 12. Yorum: Unfortunately it's not as convincing as the previous comments! Not being able to get a seat in the restaurant with children and having to leave is not appropriate for such a highly rated hotel. Perhaps there should be more tables available if there are a large number of guests. In terms of space, the situation is similar in the pool. It feels like you're lying on top of each other and there's barely any space to walk between the loungers. I am also not satisfied with the cleanliness of the rooms as the bathroom had not been wet for several days. 13. Yorum: This hotel has spacious and pleasant rooms. We were here with children and grandchildren. The rooms are very clean and nothing is too much trouble for the maids. Definitely worth praising. The food is served. We certainly don't consider this a… 14. Yorum: The hotel we chose as Honeymoon Hotel, we had our doubts before arriving. However, after we arrived, we thought everything would be perfect. From our hotel rooms to the kindness of the staff, from the good taste to the cleanliness and hygiene, everything was perfect. We would like to especially thank Mrs. Burcu and Mrs. Mine from Guest Relations for all her support, advice, sincere approach and helpful demeanor. The hotel is perfect in every way, the service is great. We were very, very pleased with your gestures towards honeymoon couples. The pool was clean, the food was delicious with a wide variety, especially the delicious desserts. Although we have stayed in very luxurious hotels in Antalya, this place really deserves the money we paid. Positive aspects: sweets Breakfast Diversity Cleanliness Staff attention Location Service Even small negatives Red meat could be more delicious The sea is a bit wavy and rocky We definitely recommend it and plan to come back. 15. Yorum: Disappointing stay at Miracle Antalya My stay at Miracle Antalya has been a huge disappointment so far. The beds are terribly uncomfortable, making it difficult for me to sleep every night. The hotel food is inedible - it is cold, tasteless and leaves a lot to be desired. Furthermore, there is an unpleasant smell throughout the hotel which only makes the stay worse. The air conditioning in the lobby is very cold, which makes it unpleasant to stay there, even for a short time. I'm here a week into a planned two week stay and I can't wait until we can finally head home. This hotel offers no holiday feel whatsoever and is absolutely not worthy of its stars. 1. The staff outside is not friendly. 2. They ask for tips 3. Employees sell you free alcohol 4 you make a complaint, they don't treat you like you are a liar. 5 very slippery for you and unsafe Advice is better to get another hotel, it's a waste of money!!!!! 16. Yorum: First of all, are we satisfied? Sim. I will evaluate it with its pros and cons. Almost 90% of tourists come from abroad. They stay for a week for our 4 day price, including airfare. Turkish families are very few. In my opinion, the number of staff is not sufficient and while foreign guests are sitting around their tables, there seems to be little interest in the Turks, or at least that's what it seems to me. The food is an open buffet, but as in the pandemic, they prepare it themselves and you can't easily get what you want. It is very difficult to find empty sun loungers. The sea is not made of sand, it is made of fine stones. It is very difficult to swim in the sea. That's why we didn't know how to swim. It's very easy to find food 24/7. But there are almost no food menus for babies. Danone is sometimes placed above the kiosks. As for the rooms, there is no make-up mirror, the rooms are very poorly lit. This is also the first time I have seen this hotel without a heater. The hotel is very central and the market is just a few steps away. I would also like to thank the owner Fadime from the restaurant, she is very friendly and attentive... The distance between the hotel and the beach is very long, I wish there was a golf cart, people get very tired at the hotel. 17. Yorum: At the pool bar, Kadir and Ismail were the best ever. Always going further. We will definitely be back, they made our holiday unforgettable and always did their best to make us happy. My kids don't want to leave and I feel the same way ❤️❤️❤️ 18. Yorum: The hotel was great!|Restaurant, a lot of variety of food every day.|We were always served by the same waiter, that is, Őnder Őzrűrk, a very nice and friendly man, who always served us with a smile. A man who likes… 19. Yorum: *We came with hesitation due to the negative comments. When I entered the hotel, I can say that the only thing that didn't meet my expectations were the rooms. It's not bad, but the carpets need a cleaning and the toilet water is spotty. In other words, while it is hot, it can suddenly flow cold and then hot again. *The beach is beautiful, we usually went to the beach around 10-11 am and we always managed to find a spot. *It is impossible to find a place at the pool, you have to wake up very early and leave a towel. We could never use it. But there is a small, quiet pool in the back. * Breakfast and dinner were enough for us. We like it. We never had lunch, we preferred hamburgers, pizza, etc. Its taste was normal. * There are many negative comments about the staff, but on the contrary, we were very satisfied with the staff (with 1-2 exceptions). The attitude of the waiters in the restaurant was very, very good. We are especially grateful to Mr. Önder for your help. They have become fans of our 10 month old baby. Our requests were met within reasonable timeframes. * The guys at the bars were also very friendly and warm, and prepared delicious cocktails. * The cleaning staff was very attentive, especially the lady on the 1st floor was very helpful, we thank her. * When we told the friend who was stocking the minibar on the 1st floor that there were some drinks missing from the fridge, I received an unpleasant response saying “I filled it, otherwise you must have drunk it”. When he replied, "I wouldn't come to you if I was drinking, I would go down and buy whatever I wanted," and he came and checked and completed the missing items. * Overall we were satisfied with our vacation, it met our expectations. We would like to thank the staff at Miracle Resort Hotel. 20. Yorum: We've been here for 7 nights. Almost everything was perfect: Advantages: - big room - amazing and varied food. Very tasty. No one cares if I order more food (as others say the staff serving in the restaurant are rude) - very nice and spacious lobby - good drinks, cocktails at the bar - friendly staff - cleaning was done every day - very close to the Antalya airport and shops Disadvantages: - the pool water was cold! - in the children's pool the water was even colder - sometimes the animators speak only German and Turkish. No English. - the music at night was very loud, every night, until 1am. My 10 month old baby could barely sleep - the beach has no sand, just small rocks. In conclusion, I will give 5 stars and perhaps we will return in the future. 21. Yorum: Wonderful || No surprise, another fabulous vacation! ||This year we were 3 families from France, ||The program included sun, tanning, swimming pool, sea, cocktails of your choice, varied quality cuisine... frankly everything was great like… 22. Yorum: I kept looking at the reviews until I got to the hotel, and things were mentioned, like the sometimes glum faces of the restaurant cooks, where the staff couldn't keep up, and the busyness of the elevators, all I can say is never. What I liked most about the hotel was the staff. They were very friendly and patient despite the hustle and bustle and the heat, and there are no sisters in the extra mini club. I would like to thank each and every one of them. your sweetness and interest, and I thank all the staff. In addition, the boy who distributes mobile drinks in the hotel does his dedicated job very well. When it comes to food, anyway, I was cautious because I have intestinal sensitivity, but my stomach was never affected for 4-5 days. This reveals the cleanliness of the food. chefs in glass, my hotel preferences will definitely be to have chefs serve the meals. It is a child friendly hotel, there are many options for children. As an endless coffee lover, their Turkish coffees were wonderful, their food varieties. were plentiful and my mind is still on the things I couldn't eat. Your employees are like friends. I wanted to evaluate everything one by one and nothing is missing and finally, the detail of the train for those children was wonderful, the adults were happier when they got on, the young man who drove the train was very friendly, nice and lively, we also loved him, the hotel is extremely diverse and large, we discovered the pita place on the last day, so many varieties It was 4 nights and 5 days of snacks, it was not enough, I still stayed. the hotel, it was great that you are not affected by negative comments without experiencing anything new, I can talk about many more things, these were the most important for me, I definitely recommend it for families with children. 23. Yorum: Rooms: The hotel is very nice, but the rooms are a bit dated (the carpet could use a good cleaning and the shower doors replaced). There is no coffee/tea corner in the room, which is a shame. Cleaning was fantastic every day and also fresh towels every day. Nothing to claim. Sweet, kind and professional staff. Elevators: Sometimes you have to wait more than 15 minutes in the elevators because there are few elevators to the building. However, there is the option of using a ladder. Restaurant: This was what I liked least about this hotel. It's very busy during dinner time. So busy that people often had to argue to get a table. Some people have started carrying tables by themselves, but you need to be strong enough to do so. Because of the crowd it was complete chaos, you barely bumped into each other. What definitely deserves praise is the staff. Despite the chaos and hustle and bustle, they remained polite and smiling throughout. A lot of respect because they walk around with their legs in the air. Pool: No space at the pool after 8am because of all the towels. We spend every day at the beach and sometimes we go back to the pool for a swim. Despite everything, I was very busy in every way. Maybe a tip for management to do something about this. Again it has nothing to do with the staff because they are extremely professional and friendly, but this hotel cannot cope with this capacity of people in terms of facilities! The hotels across the street had very loud music until after midnight, which made our room vibrate. This hotel is highly recommended for people who like all that hustle and bustle, but never again for me. 24. Yorum: The food is good, the hotel is clean. Standard rooms, no tea or coffee making facilities. Nice pool area but lots of people falling on slippery surfaces. A handful of really lovely staff, the rest were… 25. Yorum: I definitely recommend the hotel. The food is diverse and delicious, the staff is attentive and friendly, I would like to especially thank those who take an interest in the relationship with guests. We liked everything. We are thinking about going back. 26. Yorum: “First time at this hotel. It is a large hotel but very child friendly. The room was a good size and a big compliment to the cleaning lady. There were a lot of people in the restaurant for dinner, but there was always space. The children's buffet… 27. Yorum: In itself it is not a bad hotel, but for us it has so many negative points that we would not choose this hotel again. The biggest disappointment was the hostility of the restaurant staff and other restaurants. Most of them work there against their will and stand behind the buffet with a sullen face. Although we are always very friendly with the staff, we had difficulty receiving a word or even a look in return. Food is also served to you, which is hygienic on the one hand, but we ourselves prefer to take small portions of several dishes. Now - even after ordering - a (very) large portion was served, so either you have to leave a lot of stuff behind, which we are absolutely against, or keep that plate. Plus there was a lot of choice and it was tasty. The restaurant's capacity also seemed quite limited given the large number of guests. On the first night we searched for at least 10 minutes for a table that was available for just 3 people. It was also very noisy and unfortunately you can't sit outside to eat. To avoid the hustle and bustle, we only ate around 8:30pm, but by 8:45pm a large part of the buffet was already empty while you could eat until 9:30pm. There were a la carte restaurants but you cannot use them during your first stay unless you pay extra. It's not a very motivating tactic to get guests to come back to your hotel a second time. Since we had a night flight, we asked about a late check-out, it was possible to use the room for longer for no less than 120 euros! before you give 6h. Paying extra for a room with a sea view is money in the water. You can only use the balcony to dry swimwear. There are large air conditioning fans on both outside sides, making it impossible to relax on the balcony. At night you have a lot of noise from the neighboring hotels on both sides, so you can dance in your bed until midnight, even with ear plugs. Elevator capacity is quite limited for a hotel with so many rooms. In the morning and evening you can easily wait 10 minutes for the elevator. We were lucky to have a room on the 3rd floor and usually took the stairs, but with a room on the 6th, 7th or 8th floor it's a different story. Especially with young children. The animation shows (both for children and adults) are also of a much lower standard than what we have seen in other hotels. Finally, there is the battle for the sun loungers. It's against our principle to put out towels in the morning, but here you simply have no choice. From 6am to 6:30am all the queues around the pool are already occupied. With children, it is essential that you can see them while they play in the pool. It is stated that towels are taken from guests who do not return to their seats before a certain time, but we did not see a single day where this was enforced. 28. Yorum: We've been there twice this year. In April and July/August. I am absolutely thrilled with the hotel, the hotel complex, the service and especially the cleanliness of the hotel. There are always little things, really little things, that don't… 29. Yorum: We arrived 3 days ago and we are still staying. I read a lot of reviews while researching the hotel and we chose it because it was one of the rare hotels with almost no negative reviews, and we have never regretted it. It met our expectations in every aspect. All colleagues working in all areas were very attentive and friendly. Especially the chef Hüseyin of the restaurant welcomed us wonderfully. When he found out that we were from Rize and realized that we couldn't have bergamot tea (all the teas in the hotel were bergamot, unfortunately it didn't suit our taste), the next night Çaykur prepared our tea for us and served it with his own hands. We thank him very much again. It was a pleasant holiday experience for us 👍 30. Yorum: I can say that it is one of the most beautiful 5 star hotels I have ever been to. It is very good that the hotel is close to the airport and it is a very large hotel pool. You can find many places every day. On our first vacation with my wife, the place we chose for our honeymoon was the Miracle Hotel. Thanks to Mrs. Burcu, we were able to collect many beautiful memories and a very tasty breakfast was delivered to our room. Dinner was great, everything was there, I really appreciate all the staff, everyone is smiling and does what we want right away. Above all, it is a very grateful gift to my sister. She was everywhere and accomplished. what we wanted. Hope to see you next year. 31. Yorum: We just got back from our 7 day all inclusive vacation. The rooms and restaurant are perfect. Everything is clean and tidy, the food is fresh, tasty and diverse. As for the service outside the hotel I am disappointed. All the… 32. Yorum: Very beautiful and well maintained hotel. The rooms feature a classic interior design. The downside is that the bed is very narrow (140cm) and the air conditioning in the room doesn't work well. Unfortunately, it's also a sport here to set your alarm for 7am to put your towel in the pool. If you don't participate in this game, you won't have a place in the pool. Another downside is that there is little choice of children's dishes at the buffet, which is strange for such a child-friendly hotel. Otherwise happy with this hotel 33. Yorum: My stay at Hotel Miracle was fantastic! The staff were extremely friendly and professional, the room was spotlessly clean and comfortable. The excellent service and many little touches made my stay unforgettable. The breakfast and restaurant offered excellent food. The central yet quiet location was perfect. I highly recommend Hotel Miracle and am already looking forward to my next visit. Thanks to team 34. Yorum: We had a great time with my wife and children at the hotel where we stayed for 6 nights. Although we checked into the hotel around 11, we got into our room in no time. All the staff were very attentive. We started with the interest and friendliness of the people at reception. A Sra. Hatice and Katya, and Sr. Gökhan and Coşkun were very helpful. The service team always did their job diligently. Sr. Özkan and Muhammet, as well as all the service staff whose names I cannot remember. It was also very important for hygiene that meals were served by employees. In our opinion, the biggest and perhaps only downside of the hotel was that it was weak on desserts. Even the bakery was only open for 1 hour during the day. Other than that, everything was great. Thank you very much. 35. Yorum: We stayed at the same hotel again in July last year and were so pleased that we chose the same hotel this year as well. We have stayed in more expensive hotels many times, but this hotel does not have a kitchen anywhere. Everyone is… 36. Yorum: After using premium hotels for several years (including Rixos and also the IC Residence hotel in Lara), but due to rising prices here and we could no longer justify it and a good promotion at this hotel, we took the step. We traveled in the first week of July (7 days, 2 adults + 2 children, promotional room 4p) and paid 3200 euros including flight. Conclusion: for this price a very good price/quality ratio. We heard from other Belgians/Dutch people that they paid €1500 per person (we converted €800. Personally, I would not spend €1500 per person in high season at this hotel). There are better hotels in the area, but as long as we keep our price in mind, we can put the work points into perspective and can look back and have a great vacation! Good points: Spacious room (it was also very clean! Clean towels every day). Minibar was well restocked every day! Slides ideal for small and big children Train was fun! Food is served (this means you always have a good portion), good variety Working points (compared to other hotels or if you would pay more): Small bathroom for 4 people, no tea/coffee in the room, bed only 1.40 meters long (very tight for 2 adults) and very bad mattress! There is also a lot of noise at night (music is loud) and the rooms are noisy! Poor room darkening is a disaster. Allow fifteen minutes to board during peak times. The restaurant is really a cafeteria (very noisy, busy, almost no table service; you have to get your own drinks). There are no snacks between 11am and 12pm (with small children who are out of structure, it's best to provide something like bananas or cookies from the restaurant to tide them over at 11am!). Snacks: I never got to try the kebab. Very busy and therefore always out of space. Also limited opening hours at the kebab! Pizza: still an option at the beginning of the week, just tomato/cheese at the end of the week. Burgers: just regular burgers, no cheeseburgers, fishburgers... such limited choice! Ice cream: single scoop ice cream Drinks: very long lines!! Restaurant: the desserts are not tasty, there are few European desserts and if there were any they were not tasty!! BE CAREFUL with the floors! I saw people fall several times (they even slipped!)! They are trying to solve this in the pool with mats, but these need to be changed (very dirty in some places). Sun loungers: put down your towel early or there will be no room! There is a lot of rubbish under the pool bridges (cups, straws, mould,...). Clearly it wasn't cleaned during our week! The staff speaks very poor English (at all levels, even in the kids club). Children's club: main animator a disaster, also organizational! In general, few employees for the busiest period. Therefore, there is no immediate tidying up at the pool (cups/straws in the children's pool, under the sun loungers, plates on the pool tables, etc.). It will be cleaned at night... in the restaurant/bar you have to wait a long time for drinks If you pay attention to the details you will see a lot of need for renovation In short; it is certainly not a hotel to do during the building permit (due to the lack of staff)! And definitely don't pay too much for this hotel! 800 euros is a target price for the quality they currently offer! 37. Yorum: General information: History: It is mid-September and the weather is very good, warm and pleasant. The last time we came in August it was also good, but if you are very white, be careful, you might get burned! Target audience of the client: There are usually guests from Germany, Romania, Belgium and some from England and Scotland. Landscape: Simply magnificent! The layout is also great. Animation: You are very active, never idle. The most legendary show was that of the Mongols (Grand Onyx). The weakest show was the group that came on Turkish night. From the animation team: RESULT: He never stands still, on stage, at events, at the bar... Everywhere! He keeps in touch with everyone, it's like he knows everyone. 😅MİRAY: We met thanks to water polo. “I’m hesitant, can I not go?” You don’t get a chance to say it! He is so warm and enthusiastic that he immediately draws you into the game. I wish we had been involved from day one. (By the way, I think he was the best player among all those greats. 🤣) Events: Don't miss Darts! Mini golf, table tennis, volleyball and bocce were all very enjoyable. Pools: There are many pools and they offer a variety according to your preference: Relaxation pool: Quiet and calm. Large swimming pool: Activities are held here. Children's pool: Ankle-deep water, with toys. Indoor pool: Also among the options. Slides: There are 5 for adults, 2 of them were added recently and are great. Rooms: Large and clean, medium sized beds. The mini-bar is full of cookies, peanuts, crackers and various drinks. There is plenty of storage space and a large number of towels. Minus of the room: the lighting is poor. It affected me because I had to have meetings, but I don't know how many of you work on vacation. 😅 Sea: It is impeccable and has a blue flag. However, a warning to Miracle Hotel: one of the hotels around it must be pouring frying oil into the sea in the morning, because there is a discharge of oil and smell into the sea for about 2-3 minutes. If you resolve this situation, you will better protect your customers. Other than that, the sea is pleasant, the beach is beautiful and the pier is very comfortable. Cons: I was very excited about the archery 2 years ago, sorry you removed it😅 The bathrooms by the sea should be renovated, it doesn't fit with such a perfect hotel. Also, it is a bit far from the sea and the pool. Something should be done about the bathroom there. There are 6 large elevators, but at dinner time at 7pm you may have to wait 12 minutes and finally walk down due to heavy congestion. That's why it's better to leave 5 minutes early. 😅 It was a pity that there was no meat donor instead of chicken donor on Turkish night. But the rest was great, especially the raw meatballs and the hunkar which I enjoyed! The meat sections were busier 2 years ago. This year meat was a little scarce and desserts were poor. The pita and pizza section is LEGENDARY. Pancakes in the morning are amazing. Paper cups are used for poolside drinks and they get soft quickly, which is a bit of a problem. The baked potatoes finish at 4 o'clock and we can't make it in time. When the events are over, the baked potatoes are over. Events end at 11pm and dinner starts at 12pm. You may miss meals when rushing to events, so you may be hungry at night. I would like it to start at 11. Pros: Food is everywhere! The poolside bakery (Ortaköy quality), pizza and burger section, which opens at noon, is legendary. The gozleme and doner kebab house is also very popular. This part is not available at other hotels❤ Bars: When my wife and I went to order at the bar on our second day, Mr. İBRAHİM asked "Should it be xxx, bro?" he said, we were shocked! 😅 We didn't understand how he remembered, but he knew what my wife and I liked. When we came across Mr. HAKKI last night, he made our tired faces smile in 5 minutes. He had such a pleasant conversation that it instantly improved our mood. On the last night of our vacation, everyone was so nice that I almost cried because we were leaving :) We were so happy to hear that Mr. TUNCAY, whom we had known for 2 years with his interest and concern, was promoted. We met a few times during this holiday but it was so busy we didn't want to bother. Maybe we'll see you leaving tomorrow :)) Final Note: We had a happy, quality vacation that made us feel like a special part of a big family. Miracle is the nicest hotel I have ever seen! We will DEFINITELY be back. ❤ 38. Yorum: The hotel itself is nice, the food is good but nothing special in terms of taste. The service, from reception, restaurant staff, food delivery is a disaster. Very hostile. Without motivation, nothing is easy. I stayed at the hotel for 9 nights. 95% of employees are hostile and unmotivated. The reception is disinterested. The beach bar staff don't have a smile on their face. You feel like you are a burden to the employees. The hotel was overbooked and I think there are too few staff and those that are there are just not nice, not welcoming, just not 5 star worthy. With both eyes closed I would classify the hotel as a 4 star hotel at most. But 3 stars would be fairer. They say the hotel was better in the past. That's what guests who have been here have always told me. Probably disappointing this year. 39. Yorum: We spent a family vacation at Miracle Resort between August 26th and 31st and despite some shortcomings, we were very satisfied. First of all, I would like to thank the staff, the lady who is the guest relations manager… 40. Yorum: We recently returned from our stay at the Miracle Hotel (w.38). We were 2 adults and 3 children (from 1 to 7 years old). Overall we were very pleased with our stay at the Miracle hotel, the kids had a great time and there is something for everyone!… 41. Yorum: I gave 2 stars overall because I had an unpleasant experience. The hotel does not have UAl services and is a scam... you pay for orange juice and alcoholic drinks after 2:00 pm... They charge whenever they have the opportunity. The cleanliness is impeccable, the food is good, but the staff who serve your food are racist and the food is not served properly. Few sun loungers, you have to go to the beach at 6:30 in the morning. Every day I had a heated argument with a hotel employee, you need to have patience and nerves of steel with these hotel people. I leave you with a photo where I ordered pasta with shrimp and only found one shrimp on the plate. When I asked the lady serving to give me at least one more, she started shouting that she had to get to everyone. At reception, when we were leaving, we had another heated argument because they didn't want to give me a label to stick on my luggage, they wanted everything in euros even though we were in Turkey and they should ask for the amount in dollars and so on... 42. Yorum: I stayed at the Miracle Resort Hotel during the Eid al-Adha week, June 18-23. The facility is approximately 15 km from the airport and can be easily reached by taxi, even if there is no shuttle. There is a buffet system… 43. Yorum: 03/08/2024 I have nothing to complain about the hotel itself. Nice pools, nice beach, good location... But that irritates me!! Some of these lifeguards (lifeguards) are a real FLOP that will make your vacation miserable! Including 1 highlight... a great savior who apparently has more to say🙄👎 (inappropriate, aggressive and challenging behavior with customers!! However, some 5 year olds can do it all on their own and my 9 year old daughter was sent back several times by that rescuer. Then everything is fine for 3 days and they can go up the slides and suddenly everything goes wrong again😡😡. I also spoke to that guy twice about this because I saw kids younger than my daughter alone on the slide. But yes... Turks with children are allowed more than other people🙈 SAD!!! and the cherry on the cake when I spoke to him about it for the second time, within 2 seconds, about 15 lifeguards were in a circle around me discussing it... challenging me, etc... and they were able to talk to me about it. This is very inappropriate for a hotel you pay such a high price for. I also reported this to the hotel manager. And as the only solution, they made me sign a paper that placed all the responsibility on me. I really don't think that's possible in a hotel like this! In other words, in 1 week I heard from 4 couples with the same problems!!! So no...(I'm certainly not difficult). Tui also does not mention that children are not allowed on slides with tires, only those over 12 years old. I understood this on behalf of everyone and I also did not attend with the children. But as said before... some can do it again and with very young and very small children! 🤷‍♂️ I was immediately pointed out by that first responder who told me... I have no problem with you 🤔 it's weird if you just come and say that as a first responder. Holiday 03/08/2024 44. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for the second time as a family. Again we were very pleased. There has been no change in service quality since summer 2021. Both the rooms and common areas were very clean. The food options were very diverse, especially the salad varieties were very clean. All the staff are friendly and very respectful, although there are some whose names I unfortunately do not remember; I would like to especially thank İrem, Ali, Mustafa, Durmuş, Tuğçe, Müşerref, Gizem, Yıldız, Özkan, Yunus and the restaurant chef Hüseyin Bey. I would also like to thank Mrs. Burcu, public relations manager. Congratulations, Nuriye Akbıyık. 45. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel a year ago and were more than thrilled! Very nice and friendly staff. Non-intrusive, just great! We decided to visit the hotel again and spend our vacation there Next week we will be back to this hotel. The staff also speaks very good German in some places! The rooms are clean and nothing is missing. The rooms are spacious and not noisy 46. Yorum: Overall, the hotel's location and facilities met our expectations. Food: It met our expectations in terms of taste and variety. The only problem with food was the free time in between. As a family with children, problems can arise when we do not have access to food. As you will notice, it is not clear when the child will want to eat. We just couldn't get some breakfast products late in the morning because they ran out. Room and room service: Nothing to comment. Very good. We found that the waiting times for the elevators were a bit annoying for guests on the upper floors. Restaurants: Very clean and well organized. But there is a problem with the waiter. Either there are not enough waiters or there are not enough experienced waiters. We stayed for 1 week and no waiter came to our table without calling us. Waiters who only serve drinks will usually bring the drink you ordered at the end of the meal. The duration is very long. I'm usually a generous person when it comes to tips, but there were very few waiters at this hotel who deserved it. Stacbar's burger doesn't taste very good, but we have nothing bad to say about pizza, baked potatoes, pita bread and döner. Congratulations especially to the pizza masters. Customer relationship: They are very attentive and did everything possible to solve problems. They made us very happy by skillfully resolving even a small misunderstanding. The number of pools is sufficient for adults and children. The only problem is that the mats placed to prevent slipping are old and smelly. The kids club is very good, perfect activity in the midday heat :) There is no service in the beach section. At least mobile snacks can happen occasionally. There were other hotels. Entertainment. The activities were sufficient. Music systems can be improved, but they are not a priority. We generally liked the hotel. First of all, if the waiter issue is resolved, I'm sure they will have a trouble free season. Thank you for everything. 47. Yorum: Another excellent holiday at this super hotel, busy location but more than spacious, with more than enough sun loungers in and around the pool. Even at around 9 o'clock it is still possible to find sun loungers… 48. Yorum: Frankly, I had my hesitations before coming. I chose this area because it was closer to the airport. As we usually stay in hotels in Belek, I expected the service to be below my expectations. It never happened like this. Firstly, the restaurant section is very good. The food is delicious and of high quality. The service is very fast. The staff is not made up of seasonal employees. It's really nice that they own this hotel and treat you like their own guests. Before talking about the pool and marine facilities, I would like to point out that I wanted to extend the vacation because the weather was bad for the first two days, but there was no space. It was at full capacity, we couldn't extend it. You don't realize how crowded the hotel is at the pool or the sea. We didn't have to get up in the morning and put on a towel. We just couldn't find an umbrella because 150 umbrellas were broken in the storm. Those that remained intact from yesterday were damaged again in today's storm. The room we stayed in is very large in square meters. There is a single bed and a twin bed and the same amount of free space. I think it's more than 30m2. I cleaned the cabinets before putting them up. They were also very clean. The cleaning staff was very attentive. The cafeteria section is very well organized. We found the gozleme restaurant, which was a little far away, by searching. As I don't have small children, I don't know about the kidsclup, but almost everyone in the hotel is a family with babies. Although there are not so many foreign tourists, there are also many local tourists. I will return without hesitation. Edit: There were no problems with umbrellas in the days after the storm. The pita and doner restaurant is much quieter than other diner restaurants. We had to go to the hospital due to my allergies. We completed our work and returned to Anadolu Private Hospital within half an hour. It was very easy for us to access the hospital. 49. Yorum: Have a nice holiday at this hotel at the end of April. Excellent hotel for an all-inclusive holiday. I enjoyed the variety of food in the restaurants, the relaxed atmosphere and the excellent staff (very friendly). Great location close to the airport (easy transfer but far away). I loved the pools, the beach and the entertainment. It is also easy to book sightseeing tours or adventure trips through the hotel's tour operator. 50. Yorum: Hi guys, This year I went to Miracle for the second time, last year being the first time. In 2009, I went to the Titanic in Antalya for the first time. We liked Miracle so much that we ate there again this year. I was there between 12/08 and 19/08, family of 4 people, the children are 14 and 7 years old. Leaving aside the service, which is not good on the islands, they gave you a little, and if you asked for more, they looked at you strangely, we adults had food poisoning on 17/08. Abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea. We like to try each other's food and I'm suspicious of the tzatichi sauce. Even now, on 23.08, you returned to the country in 19, in treatment we are not fully recovered, the dysbiosis produced was cruel. Fortunately, we had a lot of medicine with us and we treated ourselves, including from then on. This is the first time I've had gastroenterocolitis on vacation. On another note, it seems that sunbed reservations were earlier in the morning than last year, by 7am almost all sunbeds were occupied. One day they came from the hotel and took the hotel towels from the reserved sun loungers. There was a little scandal with some Turks. So I know the problem, but it's difficult to solve. The beach, sea water, pool, room, Wi-Fi, everything was impeccable!!! All the best! 51. Yorum: This was one of our best hotel stays in a long time! The hotel is wonderful and the staff are very friendly. The guest services desk is one of the best I've ever experienced. Just a small example: I forgot a beautiful t-shirt in the pool and thought it was lost. The team found it without any problems! A family member's luggage also did not arrive. The hotel called the airport every day and after 3 days the luggage was taken to the room. A very impressive and well organized hotel! The food is also beyond words. A huge buffet with everything you can imagine. There are also 4 separate good restaurants available. The rooms and beds are also good. A highly recommended hotel. We will be back! 52. Yorum: We went for daily use I would like to thank Mrs. experience a quality I haven't experienced in a long time. As a hotelier, I haven't seen such a professional and successful service with hotel quality in a long time. Normally the staff in these hotels are not very friendly, but in this hotel the management achieved that. They teach professionalism classes 53. Yorum: We spent our vacation with my family at this hotel last week and we were very satisfied. From the moment you enter the hotel, staff in all departments are friendly and constantly ask if you have any requests. Rooms are cleaned regularly every day. The mini-bar is restocked daily. The hotel is good in terms of location. The food is very delicious. Restaurants can seem a bit complicated, there are staff serving food at open buffets and everyone is always giving you new things, even if you order less. The water park was fun. The children's water park was the place where I had the most fun with my children. Finally, don't ignore that beauty can vary from person to person. Thank you miracle resort hotel 54. Yorum: The hotel, food and location were excellent! The hotel's entertainment was also very good, especially the yoga classes with Katya, who, in addition to being professional, is a very kind and sweet person. ❤️ Thanks to her I participated in all the yoga classes during my stay! 😊 I love coming back!… 55. Yorum: In a word, horrible! We don't take bad reviews seriously, please take them yourself. First of all, no one helped us when we entered the hotel. We were shown to our room. Furthermore, as with other hotels, we were unable to obtain any information on the matter. and the website wasn't even working. Mainly the reception staff and all staff in general will give rude responses and almost hit them. The rooms were not the quality I expected, the shampoos provided were terrible. We paid an extra fee to have a sea view. At reception they laughed and said the sea view was special and gave us a room at the back. It may be the meanest hotel I have ever seen in my life. The dining times inside and outside were the same and were very short so you didn't have many options like in other hotels. a spoon and put it back before we could swallow it. I don't have much to say about the food there, it was very good, the barbecue meat was never overcooked, I recommend eating with caution. It's already impossible to find a place by the pool, it's crowded. The hotel doctor referred us to a hospital (Life Hospital) where they asked for €400 for a blood test. If we don't say anything, they'll only take blood for €400. I have been to many hotels so far and there has never been a hotel where I have had such a bad experience. There were ridiculous events at night, they were never worth the money you paid. For dinner at night, at other hotels, while they offered you a menu, they served you raw hamburger, soup and spaghetti. The capacity of the staff was very poor. This must be the reason for the employees' aggressiveness. There were too few employees and they couldn't manage them normally. There is only one night lamp in the rooms, in short, you feel, see and experience meanness everywhere. We made a mistake, we didn't read the bad reviews, you should read them. And I recommend that you research other hotels well and choose them. 56. Yorum: We were at Miracle at the end of June. The facility was very nice and spacious. Upon arrival we were immediately greeted by a very unfriendly and angry employee at reception. We then took our room (land side) and had only a frontal view of the entrance hall dome. The dining room staff (who serve food) are so unfriendly that you don't feel like eating anymore. The only really nice employee was the gentleman at the little pool bar. Thanks:)! The cleaning of the rooms was also a joke. The description said sandy beach. There is sand on the sun loungers, but facing the sea and there are coarse stones in the water. After the first night my son got sick with vomiting, this lasted half the holiday and now we have it too. We will definitely not be returning. 57. Yorum: I don't even know where to start, first of all our son got sick because the pool wasn't clean enough. Other guests also told me that their children also got rashes because the pool was not clean. The team is not trained to work in a service-oriented manner. I have never seen such hostile people in any country as in this hotel. At reception they don't even look you in the eye, almost no one speaks English. Elevators take forever! At peak times you still have to wait up to 20 minutes!! Only the lobby has air conditioning, all other areas are not warm. Overall I have to say I am very disappointed, I really expected a more service oriented work. Never again in a hotel like this! 58. Yorum: Get ready for a fascinating hotel experience in Antalya Lara. You will enjoy the summer coolness with its magnificent large swimming pool. It will boost your energy with its delicious meals. A wonderful hotel where you can spend pleasant moments accompanied by live music in the evening. It will also provide you with unforgettable memories with different shows every day at the Amphitheater. With the Mini Kids Club for families with children, your child will have a lot of fun with instructors. There is a separate entertainment area for children in the pool area. The hotel is a 45-minute drive from Antalya city center. I wish you in advance a pleasant holiday with MIRACLE RESORT HOTEL, which offers you the value you deserve. 59. Yorum: We had an amazing vacation with our 3 year old!! The hotel complex is very large, we didn't feel the need to leave the resort during our 10 days. Even if you have a late breakfast you can still find sun loungers around the pool and on the beach. The towel service is perfect. The food is amazing, lots of choice and very good standard. The entertainment team around the pool are very welcoming, fun and energetic. Our daughter loves seeing them every day and night, they work so hard. The all-inclusive drinks are also of very good quality, using all famous brands. We'll be back :) 60. Yorum: As a family with children, food and hygiene were very important to us. We didn't encounter anything unpleasant during the 5 days we stayed. All the meals were incredibly delicious, with a homemade taste, and we had no hygiene issues. Everyone at the hotel, from the housekeepers to the waiters, were so helpful and incredibly friendly. Our only question before going was whether we would have elevator problems in a crowded hotel given our previous bad experiences. But we were incredibly surprised and happy that we didn't have to wait for the elevator, no matter the time of day. In short, I sincerely recommend it to anyone who is thinking of going. 61. Yorum: It was a wonderful adventure, on Wednesday Mr. Miracle Mohen lived it with the animation team including Resul. Good food everywhere and especially chef Kadir (my Turkish friend). I had good service everywhere and would like to thank Mine (Customer Relations) for all the help. Mine was very useful and helped me a lot. Thank you very much for your hard work. 62. Yorum: Are “resort fees” legal? Especially when they aren't announced until checkout?|Are these MBA managers trying to break into the big leagues?||Also, it seems like tourist groups are favored over… 63. Yorum: 10 at the Miracle hotel as 2 children and 2 adults We stayed the day. The hotel itself is beautiful, spacious and clean. The food is really amazing!!! The biggest downside of the hotel is definitely its service. 90% of employees are extremely taciturn, people are shy when asking for something! Of course, if you find someone to ask because the staff is too short… The service of a 5-star hotel should definitely not be that bad. There are so few places to sit in the restaurant that you spend more time looking for a seat than eating. The night shows are usually very bad, people get bored and leave. Unfortunately, this is a hotel we would not choose again. 64. Yorum: Have a great holiday. We had a wonderful time. Special thanks to the people in the photos I posted for being kind even at the end of such long work days. A very special mention must be given to a girl named Pelin. Thank you from my wife and I, you were so attentive and always on the go, while also being kind and pleasant not only to us but to all your clients, and that is rare these days, so cheers 👍. We will definitely come back here. 65. Yorum: We have been to Lara several times in different hotels. I must say that the food that you put on the plate is unusual - no disadvantages, but the choice of food in terms of variety at dinner - not very much! Speaking of service, one of the weakest, not trying to bring you something to drink and standing in the corners with their cell phones! (not all except a few are very friendly and try hard, especially the older ones are very friendly in service) As far as the mini disco is concerned, it is really one of the worst where we barely had any people to entertain so many children. A person who paints children at lunch, many of them were expelled, for example. Otherwise a good facility, hotel, etc. I don't just want to criticize everyone, but I wanted to mention that maybe they can improve something! Another tip: maybe you could modernize a pool bar in place of the palm tree – people would celebrate 66. Yorum: Hotel is highly recommended! We stayed at this hotel for the 2nd time. It is a very nice hotel with nice and clean rooms. The reception is very helpful. The staff here are generally very friendly. The buffet is beautifully decorated and there is always something you will like. One plus at this hotel is that they have really good soup! I have never had such a delicious soup on vacation outside of this hotel! I think the buffet behind the glass is good, of course it is much more hygienic and there is no mess on the buffet. However, I'm a person who likes to try a little bit of everything first, and if you then order a very small amount on your plate, it's still a lot and I don't like to leave excess on my plate if I'm not allowed to in the end, so I've always opted for 'safe' things that I knew I could do. 😀 I've always loved everything I've eaten here! Some of the staff behind the buffet could use a few more laughs. (they are there exactly against their will) For example, the girl who always served the soup. I greeted her with a smile and a word every time. It wasn't until the penultimate day that she was finally able to smile again. (Perseverance wins 😉) The waiters at the restaurant are very friendly. Some more observant than others. We were served regularly by Sahin and Göksel, among others. These are top guys! Waiter Göksel in particular cares a lot about the people in his care! First class service and certainly a great asset for the hotel. I've never seen anyone do their job with such dedication. So it was natural that we always tried to find a seat with him in the restaurant. The biggest advantage of this hotel is the number of sun loungers by the pool. No matter what time of day you will ALWAYS find free beds at all pools! Ideal for late sleepers like us who don't like to lay out the towel 😜 We will definitely come back here! 67. Yorum: This magnificent facility is the pearl of the region. The architecture is beautiful. The gardens and pools are wonderful for families with children. But the most important thing is that everyone's food is served with a special presentation by the staff. This means that not everyone takes their food with the same spoon and then puts it in it 🤣 You should definitely go there. 68. Yorum: This is our second vacation at this hotel, we really enjoyed the first one, so now we have gathered the whole family and we have three rooms. The food is delicious. The hotel is clean, hygienic and the staff is friendly and helpful. Drinks from high-end brands (Jack Daniels, Chivas, Absolut, Gordon, Yeni Rakı Tekirdağ Sarı Zeybek) are some of them. What more could anyone want? We will come for the third time next year. 69. Yorum: We go every year, compared to Titanic, Mardan, Kirman, they are far behind here, in terms of service, food, staff mentality, everything, for a 3 star hotel it's okay, 5 star is definitely very high. the staff chase you during dinner, the pool is always awesome, it's the 3rd day but you still can't find a place in the pool. IF YOU REALLY WANT A SERVICE, this is not the place for you. with all due respect to some employees, but 80% do something so they can finish quickly and go home. The balcony doors cannot be locked, we have 2 bedrooms, although 2 of the bedrooms have balconies, they are permanent. In one of them he is disappointed by 13,500 thousand in 10 days. 70. Yorum: We vacationed with my family of 4, checking in on June 14th and checking out on June 18th. Overall we were satisfied. The rooms and cleanliness are very good. The restaurant is delicious. The staff generally tries to provide good service. Internet is cool. The bars are adequate but there is no bottled beer. The pool was the warmest pool I have ever swam in. The sea is very beautiful in the morning. Then it becomes wavy. In my opinion, the disadvantages of the installation are the wristband and the towel card. But I recommend installing it. A true family hotel. Also, a special thanks to chef Mehmet from the pool bar. 71. Yorum: Very good evening shows and entertainment programs, the daily yoga classes with Katya were very good. The staff speaks mainly English. All in all a very pleasant stay. Good for family holidays, unfortunately there are fewer young guests on site. 72. Yorum: We had a great vacation at Miracle Resort! Everything worked well and our daughter loved the kids club. The staff there were very friendly and also spoke German, which helped us a lot. The food and drinks were great with lots of different options. The outdoor area with pool and children's pool was perfect. However, we didn't like the fact that the buffet staff weren't always friendly and didn't really want to work. Of course, not all of them were hostile; some were very helpful and good. We also found the service at the hair salon quite expensive. We paid €50 for two braids of hair for our 4-year-old daughter, which we considered excessive. Overall, we highly recommend Miracle Resort and look forward to our next visit! 73. Yorum: The best: the staff. |They are attentive, smiling, friendly: they will do everything to please you. The maintenance team even came in the middle of the night to fix our air conditioning! They create a beautiful environment in the hotel, and this… 74. Yorum: In my opinion there are no 5 stars, at most 3-4 stars. The worst hotel I have stayed in Lara so far. Personal disaster, you don't get greeted or anything! In all areas! The rooms are fine! Always eat the same thing! The pools are extremely slippery and not as clean as I was used to. (I've been to Türkiye 10 times) For that money you could really have a better vacation somewhere else. 75. Yorum: This hotel was very beautiful and very quiet and very child friendly. There were fun programs and wonderful shows in the evening. The food was very tasty and varied. I will definitely stay at this hotel again 76. Yorum: Today is our last day here, we have been on vacation at the hotel for 5 days, we came after looking at the reviews, we had our hesitations but it was ok, the staff are very dedicated and do it with love, I didn't listen- them complain even among themselves, the food is great, the chefs are serving, it is better, in terms of hygiene, there is no problem in the slightest disturbance in the meals It didn't happen, the hotel is very. full but not chaotic, there are sun loungers for everyone, we had no problems in that regard, the staff are solution-oriented, they attend to your requests immediately, there are friends constantly wandering around the lobby, they never leave you standing still, I would also like to thank them. Our rooms were cleaned daily, new towels arrived every day, the rooms were incredibly clean. That was my most sensitive point and I never had that problem here. Every employee, no matter where they saw me, would ask if you needed anything. in the elevator, in the pool, if you were happy My advice to anyone who goes is to never pay attention to the negative reviews, it is the best hotel you will ever visit, it is really different from now on. I don't think I will look anywhere else and most importantly there is no discrimination between foreigners and Turks, the staff speaks Turkish and foreign, I have never had any problems with that, it is a wonderful hotel in all aspects, the variety of food is delicious. We had a delightful and trouble free holiday. THANK YOU MIRACLE AND YOUR EMPLOYEES 77. Yorum: Be sure to try a very nice hotel for your vacation, where the service, cleanliness, catering, food and drinks are extremely good. It's very good when it comes to food, it's the best hotel I've ever been to, they serve meals that more luxurious restaurants don't offer. 78. Yorum: One of the best resort hotels in Türkiye. Very close to the airport and on the beach. Great amenities and the staff is very friendly. You have everything from food, drinks, swimming pools and children's entertainment. Highly recommended. 79. Yorum: My seventh stay at this facility in the last 12 years. Amazing, despite being in great condition, it is constantly improving. Rooms don't age. Some recognize you, despite the intervening years. Mr. Hüseyin, do… 80. Yorum: Overall, Miracle was a great hotel. Good service: *The rooms are very clean, regardless of the time. *Tables are cleaned quickly and thoroughly and new cutlery is opened immediately. Enough places for everyone. Friendly and helpful staff: *Overall, I only saw smiling and friendly staff. *Yusuf in the lobby gets 5 stars. Very helpful and always smiling. Love your job. Restaurant: *Very hygienic restaurant, service fast enough for everyone. I expected more variety and it could be tastier. Swimming pool: It's beautiful and big. The large bathtub was too hot for this weather. Enough and plenty for small children. Especially that shady spot, very well thought out. The only downside is waking up early to put a towel in place. Sea: Delicious! 81. Yorum: The chaise longue is used by those who can or who wake up with the night on their heads to cover it with towels. It is unacceptable that there is no system in this regard. Miracle, see the example of Güral Belek - the staff unjustifiably tighten the towels that block the sun loungers. This means not putting them on the card and risking losing a few more. But it's worth the loss for how much you'd gain in customer satisfaction. The beach is flanked by piers, which steal the view of the sea. There are pebbles at the water entrance. Too close to the coast, unfortunately. Rooms - decent size, cleanliness ok. But the mattress is very hard and warped, and the pillows are lumpy lumps. Food - good, above average. It is served like in the covid era, you don't put your own plate. I didn't mind that aspect, it's hygienic and anti-waste. But the waiter doesn't speak a word of English, can't answer a simple question related to the dishes, puts balsamic vinegar on the salad instead of the requested pomegranate dressing. They joke with each other in Turkish while serving you. Anyone who comes to drink and eat non-stop should go to another resort. The snack and ice cream area (in bulk) opens at 12pm and closes at 6pm (on the beach) and 7pm (at the pools). The slides, the main reason I came to the resort in Türkiye, were the big disappointment. I understand the need to impose safety rules, but in the case of roller coasters, where 2 teenagers (16 and 14 years old) or father + 11 year old son cannot ride together, it is a useless exaggeration. The kids enjoyed more spectacular slides at other resorts. Here they had to make do with just the 3 that were allowed. Entertainment - beautiful shows in the amphitheater from 9:30 pm. 10 out of 10 for the fan on stage! It is also in the amphitheater and on the big stage, and in the pools during the day and at the photo shoot. Always full of extra energy and smile. Congratulations! 82. Yorum: July 2024 We had a very nice vacation at Miracle resort. Hygienic and clean rooms and resort. Tasty and varied food (sometimes very busy with dinner) The food was also served to you in the restaurant. This is probably to avoid food waste. Friendly service, the omelettes in the morning were delicious! :) Very nice resort for kids because of the many slides. Friendly staff. Also good entertainment for young and old. We also booked a boat trip in Kemer with our friendly tour operator Gamze from Sunweb. To be repeated. 83. Yorum: Miracle Hotel I come to twice a year 💗|All the staff are attentive and friendly. The hotel is a very nice facility to spend a holiday and relax, I recommend it to everyone. The staff who work in restaurants and bars… 84. Yorum: 3 days of our vacation and our experiences with the hotel. The hotel's location, cleanliness and friendly staff are very good. 1-Let's talk about the quality of the hotel, you won't find any employees by the pool. 2-It is very difficult to find sun loungers after 7 am. 3- Part Döner haus, you want to get out of the pool or the sea and buy or eat something. Unfortunately it's not easy because it's à la carte and you can't go in wearing a swimsuit or without a t-shirt. A section that has nothing to do with à la carte. AMAZING (it's definitely a mistake that needs to be corrected) I HOPE THE HOTEL AUTHORITIES TAKE THIS INTO CONSIDERATION 4-The show style activities carried out in the animation amphitheater sections have nothing to do with these hotels, they are totally amateurish. 85. Yorum: We had our five-day vacation at the hotel, we came without hesitation and that's how it was, we were very satisfied, even though the hotel was full, we didn't wait in line anywhere, it's a facility that doesn't compromise on service and joy, we don't understand how the five-day vacation was, we wish it would never end, even though the facility is twenty years old. There is nothing visibly old or worn, just white lighting that completely covers the space. blocks at night are out in some parts, and the room is not pleasing to the eye. THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING MIRACLE FAMILY •):(• 86. Yorum: Hüseyin, the restaurant's chef, made us feel at home with his excellent service and smiling face. I think the barmaid, Rukiye, is wasted as a waitress because she gave us perfect service. The blue-eyed cook at the pita and meatball restaurant outside really makes the best pitas I've ever had in my life. I think this kid is talented and friendly enough to run his own restaurant one day. If I wrote to everyone, one by one, you would get tired of reading. We are leaving the hotel today and it feels like I am leaving my family behind and going abroad. I definitely recommend it. 87. Yorum: Perfect hotel for holidays with children. Our 5-6 year olds were delighted and so were we. The food is delicious and very diverse, with a wide selection: local, Italian and Asian cuisine, including sushi and wok. Live cooking. Great breakfasts. Ultra all inclusive is brilliant: top-shelf alcoholic drinks like Chivas Regal, free in-room fridge refilled daily and food available 24 hours a day. Swimming pools and slides for all ages, children's pool with playground, slides for children aged 4 to 7, for teenagers, heated pool on the side of the hotel, indoor pool, good gym, lots of well-kept greenery, direct access to the sea with the beach of the hotel and sun loungers, very friendly service and very clean. From 12pm to 4pm every day there is pizza, burgers, ice cream, doner, Turkish pancakes by the pools. The hotel fully deserves 5 stars. 5 minutes walk to the street with bazaars, 30 minutes by taxi to the historic center of Antalya for a maximum of 50 euros in both directions, 20 minutes to the airport, but you don't hear the planes and they don't bother you. Guests are mainly Dutch (more than 3/4). There are no Russians. It's worth paying extra for a room with a sea view. Wifi works very well throughout the hotel. I recommend 100% 88. Yorum: We stayed at this hotel two days ago, we had to cut short our normally five-night vacation. I am writing about what I experienced, you can be sure that it is a very monotonous place, entertainment, zero disco, zero animation team, terrible night, there is no way for children to stay in the amphitheater because of the heat, there was loud music the first night we went, tomorrow we thought it would be something different, but the same style of music came out the next night. Even foreign guests showed no interest. There is no space on the sun loungers. For these reasons, all hotel guests are families with children. We, three families, left the hotel early. The authorities listened to us respectfully and very attentively. They refunded our money and apologized. hygienic. The food is very good but there is little variety and the rooms are generally very nice for foreigners. 89. Yorum: The hotel is great. Super clean, very friendly and courteous staff. | The rooms are great, we want to come back, it was very nice and the staff was very friendly (gr Huseyin very friendly, thanks for everything) top notch hotel, top notch service 90. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 8 days. We are three adults and two children and we were very satisfied with everything, from the staff to the entire reception team. The food is very good, there are different options every day. The hotel is very clean, our room was cleaned every day, new towels were placed, the waiters were always smiling and most of all I would like to thank Mr. Ömer for making our perfect vacation more beautiful. We also thank our Chefs. We would like to thank Mr. Manager İsmail for your interest. We were very pleased and will be back next year. 91. Yorum: The location of the hotel is great, you can get there from the airport in about 20-30 minutes, but everything else is not recommended. We were there for 10 days as a couple with a 7-month-old baby and a 2-year-old child, with everything included. The all inclusive plus just means you can use the minibar and it wasn't even restocked every day. When I asked the staff about this, I was told my room was being searched. The staff at the entire hotel (with very few exceptions) were very unfriendly, hardly anyone said hello. When the food was served, you had the feeling that they were being forced to work there. The children's pools were freezing cold all day, as was the indoor pool. It was necessary to reserve sun loungers, otherwise it would be difficult to get anything later because the hotel was full. I don't know why the hotel is considered family friendly? At night you could hear loud music until half past midnight and the children could hardly sleep. It was 18 degrees in the mini club. We definitely won't be back, just because of the hostility. 92. Yorum: We were there for the second time (we were at this hotel for the first time in 2022) and overall we were satisfied. The food is good and the service is good too. The hotel is starting to show its age, but is well maintained. The pool area is really nice, our kids had a great time. The exercise room is also excellent. There is a 2 star deduction because the room cleaning was absolutely inadequate (we were on the 6th floor). Our room was never vacuumed, and shampoos etc. were quickly replenished when we asked. The bathroom was also cleaned very superficially - this is unacceptable for a 5 star hotel. Check-in went well and quickly, at check-out the receptionist was quite unfriendly: he didn't thank us or wish us a good trip back... didn't even seem interested in knowing if we would like to give feedback on the stay... What a shame! 93. Yorum: Amazing service, amazing friendliness, amazing food, great cleanliness, I got tired of the friendly behavior of the staff all day. People have problems with themselves and this inevitably reflects on you. anyone. I watched them in admiration. The animation team is very attentive and very friendly, Mrs. Ayyıldız, the customer relations department manager, I can't help but mention her, she is very kind, she is a lady who adapts perfectly to her department. , she has a smiling face and her contribution to the hotel is great, Vedat, one of our waiter friends, especially everyone adopted the hotel very much, Resul animation, Mrs. Miray, mini club team, everything was great, thank you very much to everyone, by the way, we were very happy. Definitely visit the hotel shops. Don't worry if it's expensive or anything. the bags section. Thanks again for everything. 94. Yorum: Just 15-20 minutes from the airport and on the beach. The service was really great. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. And if something wasn't right, it was fixed immediately. I kindly asked for food on the way to the flight back, and food and drink were organised without any problems over what felt like two days. Here again, a big thank you to İsmail and Tayfun for organizing. The pools were also very clean and everything in the kids area was great. The entire outdoor area is tidied up and cleaned every night so you can easily return to the pool the next morning. There are lots of activities for children and a mini disco with various performances in the evening. Definitely recommended!!! The only thing I personally didn't like was the standard room. For the asking price, you can expect a bit more modernity in the rooms. It didn't bother me too much because the rooms were inviting and clean, but it could still be improved. 95. Yorum: We have been going to this hotel every year since 2019. I really like the location and the comfort concept of the hotel. This year I was pleased with the Children's Club. Svetlana is a professional in her field, she will always interest any child… 96. Yorum: I'm still staying at the hotel. And I found this inadequate in many ways. The logic of the open buffet is a little different when it comes to food. The service staff serves food and there is usually only one person there. Naturally, long lines form. Breakfast starts at 7am and most staff arrive at 8am. Sometimes you can't get the food you want. The beachfront towel rack was still not open at 8:30am. The view from our room and the size of our room are very good. The food is delicious. The location is close to the airport and the sea is beautiful. If you don't care much about service, it's a good hotel. 97. Yorum: The hotel itself is in good condition and clean. The rooms are spacious and the cleanliness is great. The outdoor area is generally well maintained, but unfortunately the pool section is overcrowded with sun loungers, so you don't get far from other guests. The service is not offered at the pool or on the beach, you have to serve yourself anywhere. Unfortunately, things don't look any better at the restaurant. The dining room is overcrowded, there are not enough waiters/staff for this crowd, you can see that the staff is overwhelmed and you look in vain for kindness or a friendly smile. We also serve drinks here! The food was never hot, only lukewarm food is always served. Sometimes you have to wait a long time in line to get something because the staff can't keep up with the food. The selection is also manageable!! 98. Yorum: Upper installation. Great service. Hüseyin bey of the restaurant is always courteous. There on the pier was also great in terms of sun loungers etc! We just had a spider in the room, it was removed immediately! Diverse cuisine, lots of choice! My 6th visit here already. Always happy to come back! 99. Yorum: Today I called the hotel three times to make a reservation for my son, and he hung up the phone three times because he saw that the reservation phone number was Turkish. Then when I presented my complaint at reception, the reservation responded. The first question was whether the person who would come was a foreigner or a Turk. What does this question have to do with this mindset? All our acquaintances who come from abroad say that we won't go there anymore, the prices are too expensive. You are kidnapping, you are preparing your bad end, but I love my country very much, I was sending all my acquaintances abroad, to Turkey, you are destroying our dreams, you should be devastated too. 100. Yorum: The hotel is simply great!!! The hotel complex is 5*, the pool is 5*, the food is 5*, the beach is 5*. The hotel is simply beautiful, the rooms are large and spacious. The food was always delicious and there was a great selection. The cocktails were very tasty. What I particularly remember is the availability and friendliness of the staff. From the reception, to the service, to the cleaning of the rooms. A big compliment to the team. Due to the size of the facility, the guests were very well distributed. I can therefore fully recommend this hotel. 101. Yorum: Top hotel, busy, but always a room by the pool. Delicious food, beautiful large rooms and tasty cocktails mixed with well-known alcoholic drinks, great hotel!|The food is served on the plate by the staff, which is very hygienic.|It is also very tasty in the a la carte restaurant.||Willems Family 102. Yorum: A very good hotel, it is always an option for me whether with family or friends, very large pool area, nice room with air conditioning, there is more than enough to eat whenever and wherever you want, the staff and service were very good. And a huge compliment to the employee Hediye, she was always very attentive, always friendly and with a nice charisma, she always served us very well and put a smile on our faces and even little things like that make a holiday very pleasant. Thank you for this beautiful vacation. I look forward to next year when I can visit the hotel again. Kind regards M. Aoun 103. Yorum: Brief conclusion. The food is tasty and varied. The room was clean and tidy. What really bothered me though was reserving bunk beds. It was so extreme that it was not possible to get a place in the pool after 8am. Things didn't look so bad on the beach, but there were plenty of reservations here too. We left every morning around 9am. We didn't see anyone, but there were towels everywhere, some of them private since the towel distribution wasn't open at 6am. What bothered me most was the way the team handled the issue. I contacted the manager about this but it was not resolved. The beach security guard just wanted to convince me that this could not be avoided. The staff at the beach bar and children's entertainment as well as general entertainment were extremely friendly and motivated. At the pool bar the staff were less attentive and friendly. 104. Yorum: Overall it was a full week, a family hotel full of activities where you can find food at any time. If we come to the negative comments, the bartenders at the diner were sullen as if they were forcing you to work. the pillows were hard, the mini club staff didn't understand each other, the girls were uninformed, the chefs couldn't manage on their own, there were many children who spoke different languages ​​on their own. There were helpers who spoke languages, the cooks. they were good, but like in every hotel, here there was no buttered noodles, they did not approve of the mantiya they poured on it, the noodle givers did not approve 🙌 105. Yorum: I was there with my family and we had a successful vacation in May. This hotel is absolutely recommended. We have been there several times and have always been satisfied. Very beautiful beach, lots of space, very friendly staff and everything was clean. We would like to thank Katharina who works at the reception, she is very loving and always helped us. 106. Yorum: The rooms, food and activities are very good. It is a great hotel where you can spend a pleasant vacation with your children. Resul, from the animation team, was always smiling, interested and chatty throughout the holiday. All the hotel staff were helpful and friendly. Especially supporting the Dona Fatma restaurant section made our meal even more enjoyable. I would like to express my gratitude to the entire management team and all employees. It is definitely a hotel that should be recommended and visited. 107. Yorum: A beautiful location. The entrance to the sea is ok, no rocks. Although the hotel presentation says they have 5 restaurants, there is only one with several islands, with different preparations (Turkish, Italian, Chinese...), you cannot bring your own products, they are placed for you by the waiters on the plate, practically what they want and how much they want, if you ask for more they look at you with disdain. I didn't overdo it with the food, I'm not the type to fill my plate (I ordered the chicken thigh and they looked askance at the second portion). As for the care provided to children, I don't even want to remember how many times they were ignored and an adult was needed to accompany them. The water park is ok. At the pool they have several dishes. Cleaning is minimal. I was there on June 27th, 7 nights. P. S. At the resort, a pair of flip-flops and a beach dress were stolen from the beach.🤣🤣🤣 108. Yorum: I gave it one star for the quality and flavor of the food and one star also because there are 5 pools, 3 of which are for children, but I would like to point out that the buffet is NO LONGER SELF SERVICE. You have to queue up for each area and ask for what you want in the…