1. Yorum: The chairs are excellent, the rooms are very clean, the food is excellent, the service is excellent, especially the young men, Baqi Qader, Muhammad Hulan and Marwan are excellent in terms of speech, manners and service. Thank you, Abjar 2. Yorum: A beautiful place and a comfortable hotel. Also, the service and care for customers is very respectful. I thank them very much and I advise everyone to visit them. 3. Yorum: The service and customer care was great and the place is very beautiful 4. Comment: Very good 5. Comment: Great 6. Yorum: Great hotel. Perfect service. Delicious food. It is impossible to get bored. The rooms are cleaned daily. Everything in the best possible order. I recommend it to everyone. The staff speaks Polish without any problems. Everyone will find something for themselves. 7. Yorum: We traveled here as a family during the autumn holidays (2 adults + 17 and 9 year old children) and were completely satisfied.||The service at meals was always friendly and polite.||Also the whole range of animation and theme evenings was really good.||I can't say… 8. Yorum: We were in the hotel in 2018 on a holiday trip. The service was great! The pools were the cleanest I have ever seen. As for the cuisine and quality of the food, I think it's delicious. On the menu, we had lobster and toasted ice cream, it was so delicious! The rooms in the hotel are clean and very large. 9. Yorum: I stayed for 3 nights starting August 30th and left today. It was a lovely holiday especially the animation team is very good, there is constant activity in the hotel, the food is very successful, the rooms are clean and spacious. The water park is a bit small, and since there is no one waiting at the slides in the water park, people almost slide over each other, I have criticisms about that, and I hope the hotel management will take it into consideration. The sea reaches you at a height of 2 meters and the beach is rocky but the stones do not bother you much, it is just very wavy, so the sea is a problem for families with children, my children did not swim in the sea. There is a pier so it makes sense to enter the sea from there, it is difficult to enter the sea from the beach because of the waves, I think the pier stairs also need maintenance, let's report to the authorities here. Overall, I left the hotel satisfied, the biggest factor being the cartoon friends. If you asked me if I would come back again, I would choose it because I had a great time. 10. Yorum: We knew what we booked in advance because we knew in advance that Alanya or Side are 35 km away. We had a great time. The way you open yourself up to another person also determines whether or not they will be friendly to you. The service, food and room were all good, but the staff could speak a little more English. The animation team is great, something for everyone and many different themes in the restaurant "Love Night" Turkish Night "Italian Night" As far as we are concerned, highly recommended for 5 people aged 20 to 74. We Dutch people always have something to say about someone or something, but for the money we paid, this comes highly recommended. 11. Yorum: Overall, we were more than thrilled again. The whole team puts in a lot of effort and is very helpful and friendly. Our request for a room upgrade was also promptly accommodated. We are really enjoying our time in Mukarnas and the kids are already wondering when we will fly again. We will be back... 12. Yorum: This was our fifth visit to Mukarnas and as always we had a great time. All the staff are amazing from Valentina, Simi, Farouk, Barouk, Khaldoun, Ahmed, Mateen, Ali to name a few. The service was amazing in all the bars and restaurants. There are a lot of… 13. Yorum: Good evening.|I decided to write a review about the hotel for the first time.||We arrived at 9:00 and checked in at 10:30. Thanks to Maxat at the front desk for the quick check in, so after two days of travel we didn't have to wait until 14:00.|The room was… 14. Yorum: We just came back from vacation and rested at this hotel. We really loved it and I would like to thank all the staff. The kitchen is great! All the staff are friendly. The rooms are clean. I recommend it. We would be happy to go to this hotel 15. Yorum: We have been to Mukarnas Spa Resort several times now. It is a beautiful, well maintained hotel with lovely staff who are like a big family. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I would especially like to highlight the Nezaket of the service. She is very professional, kind and takes care of everything. She anticipates all your wishes. We are already looking forward to our next vacation! 16. Yorum: Hello, We stayed for 5 nights with 2 adults and 2 children aged 14 and 11 years. The entrance and reception were very bad, he kept saying "we are too busy, we can't come". The friend in the lobby checked in at 12:00 noon and could go to our room at 14:10. Overall the hotel was very busy and we chose a sea view room, I am glad we did. The rooms are big and spacious enough and the housekeeping staff were very helpful. The food facilities are adequate, but especially at dinner, it is very crowded and it is very difficult to find a table. Waiters are more attentive and attentive to foreign tourists. They always help and follow them in handling their business themselves. Let's get to the marine part. The sea is very rocky and wavy. We couldn't enjoy the sea at all. Only on the last day the waves dropped a bit and I was able to go into the depths immediately. You cannot go in without sea shoes. Due to the sea conditions, the pool is very crowded and it is impossible to find a sunbed; we always reserve sunbeds at 07:30 am, otherwise there will be no space left. The pool cleaning was not very good. Also, the animation team by the pool is constantly playing loud music and making announcements constantly, we warned them 3 times that the music was too loud, but after 2 minutes it became clear again that it is impossible to relax our minds in this hotel. The water park was adequate, but the swimming pool was not enough. As people were always talking in the pool the kids were swimming there was only one officer in the pool and he couldn't see anyone in the boat section at the top of the room. The outdoor dining facilities could have been more diverse. Also, it was ironic that pet water was only available in the lobby, fresh water was provided from dispensers in other areas, and cold water was almost never available. When you put ice in the water we bought, there was a bad smell. You can put 3 tanks and give water to the pets. There were only sun loungers on the pier and nothing to drink, so I don't understand how difficult it is to fly there, but in the hotel's promotion it was made clear that we serve drinks on the pier. Overall, we couldn't rest much, and the biggest reason for that was the animation team and their constant music streaming, and the performance could have been different. Thank you 17. Yorum: Small, clean hotel but far from 5 stars. At best 4.|We were 6 families on vacation. Most of the rooms smelled like sewer, had to ask to change rooms. The rooms are very basic, there is mold on the ceiling in the shower, rusty trash cans, and fallen roses from… 18. Yorum: I recently stayed at a very clean resort and was very impressed with the service. All the staff are professional and treat guests very well. The food is delicious, with a wide range of choices and different dishes for every meal. The plates and cutlery are very clean and new, and the tables are beautifully set up. Waiters are always available if you need assistance and are happy to assist guests. There are indoor and outdoor playgrounds for children. The resort has a large swimming pool and a children's pool, and is located directly on the sea. The rooms are luxurious and the housekeeping staff is very efficient. Overall, a very positive experience! 19. Yorum: I am in the hotel now, we came to the hotel as a family and we are very happy with everything, especially the staff, they are all smiling, loyal and helpful, they all work with dedication as if it was their own hotel. It is very good for children. Aqua is a bit weak, but it's enough, I'm not someone who makes comments easily, but I'm making this comment only based on the efforts of the staff. Mr. Helos 1. Ali Tanzi 2. Ali 3. Ali Mahmut Yilmaz Eren Bey Yunus Emre Mehmet Lobby Bar Lady Amina Servet Agha My brother Faruk Salih Sea Lady I would like to express my gratitude to all of them and some other staff whose names I cannot remember, and I congratulate the hotel management from the bottom of my heart for having these staff...👏👏👏👏 20. Yorum: A great place for families with children. Lots of attractions for kids and adults. The rooms are clean and tidy. Friendly and professional service (Polish, German, English). The hotel restaurant is amazing with its variety and taste!!! Two nearby bazaars for shopping lovers. 21. Yorum: The food was lovely, there were lots of activities, the sea was in the hotel area, and all the staff were very kind and helpful. But most of all the entertainment team was amazing! Every event organized was fun, interactive and very funny. I recommend this hotel 100%! 22. Yorum: We have stayed at Mukarnas Hotel for 10 days now, great hotel with lots of offers, good cocktails, clean rooms and nice staff.|The kids took part in activities at Mini Club every day, there is a weekly programme, my son especially enjoyed the bubble party. … 23. Yorum: Thank you very much for the wonderful holiday I had at your hotel. Very friendly and helpful staff || The kitchen is great. The rooms are clean. Lots of entertainment for kids.|| I recommend it to everyone. Our family rating is 5+.|| We will definitely be back. 24. Yorum: I'm in Mukarnas for the second time (and hopefully not the last). Wonderful apartment, breathtaking view. High level service, kind, polite, and most importantly, you can communicate with everyone (even without knowing the language). The ladies and gentlemen at the reception were very nice and open to any needs. The cleaning ladies were great. The rooms and bathrooms are clean. Great animation and pool staff. The food is delicious and most importantly, very varied. Vegetables, fruits and cakes - fresh and delicious. The great work of the entire Mukarnas team is evident every day. Bravo to the managers. Great, I recommend it. 25. Yorum: We stayed with my family between September 21 and 29. First, the rooms are very large and clean. We were very pleased with the variety and taste of the food. The staff is friendly and smiling. The bar staff and animation team are great. I would especially like to thank my brothers Youssef and Othman from the animation team for their care and attention. We were very pleased with the activities throughout the day. You can enjoy the best vacation experience in terms of price performance. We plan to go again next year with a bigger crowd. 26. Yorum: The place is great. I recommend it for families with children and also for couples without children. The rooms were clean, well maintained and air conditioned, and of course cleaned every day and the mini bar replenished. The hotel itself is lovely, lots of bars and places to eat. There are not enough elevators. The hotel staff was nice and smiling. The pools are not heated, so the water will likely be cold in April/May. I was there in early May and June, at first the water was perfect, then too warm 😂 The water park and water attractions are divided for young and old kids, which is enough in my opinion. Playground, park (open only twice a day for 45 minutes), football and basketball court, kids club (was a bit boring), table tennis. The food is delicious, the portion is large and the service during the meals is great! Apart from the main restaurant, there are also other bars outside where you can grab something to eat. Delicious snacks and more! Every day in the hotel there is a festive evening and various shows - it's great, during the day there are also attractions like a foam party or various competitions, in the evening there is a party for everyone until 11 pm, then adults can go to a children's disco. The drinks are low in alcohol and tasty and the wine is good. The problem with sun loungers is that people use them too early, which is frustrating in my opinion, but what can you do? I have always somehow managed to find a sun lounger for my family of 4, but it has not been easy. The beach is rocky, but in my opinion it's better than sand, beautiful water, and a nice pier! In early May/June, the water was as warm as in Poland in a hot summer in a small lake. completely! The only big drawback is the location of the hotel - there is no place to go out in the evening, the markets are 15 minutes from the hotel, in my opinion it is not great. I recommend it, I think the hotel is of a high standard, and this is evident in the staff, there are a lot of them, each person has his own task and they work together like an efficient machine. A place worth recommending. 27. Yorum: Good: Great hotel, clean, well maintained. Great variety of food for lunch and evening meals, lovely pool, friendly and helpful staff, variety of things to do. Not so good: We went during the summer holidays so it was crowded, and all the sunbeds were gone by 0800 every day. Breakfast was repetitive, and the different bars had drinks of varying quality. I would definitely book this hotel again! 28. Yorum: Super stuff. Excellent hotel, nice animation and entertainment, in short a great stay. |Very nice swimming pools and green garden with a poet and restaurants,|We were in Mukarnas for the second time and I hope to go next year. In June/July the temperature was around 38/40. 60 minutes of siorb isn't too bad. 29. Yorum: With its successful architecture and aura, you will feel like you are having your dream vacation from the moment you enter. I would also like to thank the reception staff and guests for their smiling faces and sincere concern. The rooms are clean, the food is delicious. The entertainment team is always friendly and full of energy. I have… 30. Yorum: It's our second day at the hotel and we're coming for the second time. We arrived at the hotel around 11am. They welcomed me and took me to the room immediately and didn't make me wait. First of all, the rooms are clean, the cleaning ladies are very attentive, thank you, they do everything right. Families with children can come with peace of mind, as the food selection is wide, and breakfast and dinner satisfy all tastes. The bartenders do their job right. The organizations are very good. All staff are very caring and solution oriented. I would like to thank General Manager Mehmet Sirkeci Bey Efendi for his gesture. Youssef, Ozi's friends, waiter, in short, I would like to thank all the staff. Hope to see you again next year Muqarnas 👑 31. Yorum: Great hotel, lots of attractions, full commitment of animators and staff. There is no boredom. The rooms are clean and undamaged. Bathroom accessories are completed upon request. The food is very good, everyone will find something for themselves. The only drawback is the "fractionated" bottled water. For a large family, one envoy will only receive two 500ml bottles. Drinking water is available throughout the property through dispensers, bottled only in the lobby and in the in-room refrigerator. The dispensers have 200ml cups, which is annoying for a larger family. I recommend! 32. Yorum: Stay from July 13, 2025 to July 20, 2025 I. Hotel location: If someone likes to spend their vacation in the hotel and on the beach (because the hotel has its own beach), they will be satisfied. The hotel has everything you need (including a 24-hour doctor, a supermarket and shops) and in general if you don't need to leave the hotel, you will be happy :-) But if someone likes to walk and see the sights, there is nothing to see around the hotel, but basically there are 3 markets: 1) In front of the hotel, always on Fridays, there is a very large place under tents - a typical Turkish bazaar where sellers from the region come. 2) Soho Bazaar, a little bit to the right of the hotel, I didn't like it, it was hard to bargain with the vendors and they were a bit rude. 3) Alara Grand Bazaar, a little behind Soho Bazaar, is very large, with over 670 shops and everyone will find something for themselves, plus a market/discount store (at the end of the bazaar). If someone likes sightseeing, you need a bus to Alanya (about an hour). secondly. Hotel: Impressive upon entering, big, clean and fully air conditioned, staff is very nice and speaks good Polish :-) Third. Room: The room we had was clean and well maintained, but after three days there was a smell from the air conditioner or the siphon was dry after reporting it to the reception, there was no problem anymore, but the problem was repeated twice and the staff suggested changing the room, but we gave up. The fridge is replenished daily with soft drinks. Polish channels on TV. Fourth. Food: The biggest surprise here, because it's not monotonous. There is a very large selection of breakfast and dinner (we didn't go for lunch as there are two snack bars near the pools, open from 12:30pm to 17:00pm). The themed dinners are a big plus (we had a Turkish, Mexican and, in my opinion, the best French evening). There is a separate menu for children, so you don't have to run and choose, because everything for them is in one place (well, except for pancakes :-) 5. Swimming pools: There are two large pools, one with slides and the other with a paddling pool. I had no problems with the sun loungers, they were there after 9am. In general, there are plenty of sun loungers and there are no problems with that. There are occasional attractions near the large pools such as Zumba, Fitness, Dart, etc. (The hotel staff encourage you to have a good time) plus the music is very loud (it didn't bother me). The pool with slides is a great advantage because the kids have a great time :-) There is a pool bar next to the main pool, it is open 24 hours :-) Sixth: The beach: rocky, like a cliff, with sun loungers, a bar and a pier with sun loungers also and you can jump from the designated places :-) You can forget about snorkeling because the water is turquoise and you can't see anything (at least it was when we were there), but in Alanya the conditions are perfect for snorkeling. Seventh. Children/Entertainment: There is a club where you can leave your child under supervision from 10:00 to 12:30 and then from 14:00 to 17:30, where children can enjoy games, fun, drawing, exercise classes, biscuit baking, etc. My son (7 years old) was not bored there and willingly went :-) In addition, every evening there is a mini disco on the main stage and then every day at 9:30 pm there are shows (circus, fire show, dance show, etc.) In addition there is a disco for adults until 02:00. Overall, I can recommend this hotel, especially for families with children but also for couples, because there is something to do and you will not get bored. 33. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel between September 21 and September 29. We were 5 adults and 1 child. Staff - The animation team were friendly, chatty and smiling if it helped friends. In terms of cleanliness, it was much cleaner than many hotels we have been to. A place where you can stay with peace of mind. The food was varied and equally clean. A hotel where you can stay with your family and have a great time, I recommend it in every way. 34. Yorum: The rooms, park and buffet were great! |Kudos to the entire hotel team!|The hotel entrance and lobby with transparent elevators are the trump cards!|The buffet tables are beautiful with different decorations, and of course the selection!|The stay was worth every euro. 35. Yorum: The hotel pier is very nice and clean and I think it's good that the hotel has its own water park for kids. But I didn't like the hotel. The sea is very bad, wavy and dangerous. Dock anchors are always ground and sharp. My brother's leg was badly injured by the sharpness of the iron. I can't say I like swimming pools either. It's definitely not clean, the water park isn't very nice, and I didn't like any of it except the orange slide. Especially since the yellow chip is very fast. The main reason we don't like the hotel is that the hotel food is really bad. Every day is a different day, and as Turks, we are particularly disgusted by Asian cuisine. We didn't know it was this bad, we were starving. The hotel's desserts, cakes, ice cream and sausages were really nice, but I wouldn't recommend eating fresh cakes. I really like the hotel pudding and rice pudding. In short, I do not advise you to come to this hotel, as its negatives outweigh it. 36. Yorum: Excellent hotel, all family members stayed here for the first time. The food is excellent and very tasty and the entertainment and sea are first class. We went to an Italian restaurant, very delicious and filling. The animation is great, and there are many interesting shows every day. We would be happy to return to the Muqarnas Hotel! 37. Yorum: We are so happy that I wanted to comment before our vacation is over. There's nothing we would wish for if it were that way. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. The food is so diverse that every guest, including foreigners, can easily find a dish to suit him. Apart from the main restaurant, it is also very enjoyable to have a variety of different drinks, snacks and desserts available at the bars that serve during the day. Having an indoor pool in addition to an outdoor pool was an unexpected joy. We mostly swam in the indoor pool. The water park is quite adequate. What impressed us most is that Mukarnas is a truly child-friendly hotel, they thought about the kids as much as they thought about the adults. It is a complete family hotel. We have been here for two days and there is nothing we can criticize. Holiday like holiday thank you Makarnas 😊🙏✌️ 38. Yorum: The hotel is very clean. Not modern, but everything is in good condition and not worn out. The lounge chairs at the pool are new and the sun protection is great too. Clean pool and beautiful landscaped area. The beach is rocky (bathing shoes!). I don't find the rambler area visually appealing, I've seen much nicer ones. As I said, nothing is broken. The slides are great. All bars are self-service. I don't think this is a bad thing, but if there was service it would be 5 stars in the rating. Especially in the evening it would be better if the waiter came. You already have something to do. German is not spoken very much. You must know some English. The location is great, after a few meters you find yourself in a big shopping mall (Suhopasar). The bus station is there too. Very great connection. You can reach Alanya for 2.50 euros. The price-performance ratio is right here. 39. Yorum: Our whole family spent a vacation here in the second half of July. The overall impression of the hotel is very good. We had a room (2 adults plus 2 children) with bathroom and balcony with a beautiful sea view. Medium room: 3 beds (1 double), air conditioning, TV. You can see that some things in the rooms and hotel have worn down over time, but it didn't keep us up at night. The air conditioning worked flawlessly throughout our stay (11 days). Food and service at Mukarnas for 5+. Very clean everywhere. The public toilets had toilet paper and soap and were clean throughout the day. Food....a fairy tale. Themed dinners like Turkish Night, Love Night or Italian Night (every evening) are great. Choose from: Caporia, fish, shrimp, sushi, lamb, veal, salads, fruits, full desserts. Everyone will find something for themselves. In fact, food is served from 7am to 9pm in various bars throughout the hotel. When the food service ends, say at 3.30pm in one bar, the other starts serving pancakes, tortillas, waffles, hot dogs, etc. ad infinitum (you'd need 7 stomachs, like a thousand) to handle it ;). Ice cream, fruit and cakes are available all day. There is no problem with the tables in the restaurant. Sometimes there are more people, but the site understands the topic quickly. Throughout our stay, we had a table for 8 at all times, as we needed one without any major issues. Service....I take off my hat. Everything quickly and efficiently to please tourists. They are always smiling, happy and chatty with children and guests. I haven't seen a site like this in a long time. People drink and eat by the pools. Empty dishes are removed immediately, as if the staff is growing out of the ground and removing unnecessary items immediately. Sometimes (I emphasize “sometimes”) we tip the waiters for dinner (that’s how it is in Turkey – and sometimes it’s all their earnings, because in some hotels accommodation and food are provided for the staff, and their salary comes from tips). When you give 1, 2, 5 euros to the waiter or the room cleaning staff, they will carry you in their arms, and they are very grateful. There is Showtime at the hotel every evening. Some are very interesting, others not so much. You have to choose what you want. We also had a beer party and a foam party... We recommend it :) The only drawback is the temperature (from 40 to 48 degrees in the sun) and the location of the hotel. The closest ones are Side and Sea Park (great), the rest are all-day excursions, hard to do with kids in this temperature. The beach consists of small to medium sized pebbles, and water shoes are required. The water in the sea is warm and clean. Sun loungers are always available by the sea, near the pool only in the afternoon, as they are busy early in the morning. Overall, I highly recommend the hotel, the pools and the sea. You just have to remember that if someone wants to go sightseeing, it will be a trip from this place. 40. Yorum: I really loved it, this is the best hotel I have ever been to. Smiling and friendly staff and everyone is ready to help with a smile on their face. Room cleaning was 10 points, I was satisfied. The animation, food and service are all top notch. I will definitely be back again ❤️ 41. Yorum: Another great holiday here. The staff can't do enough for you. The hotel is very clean, the staff never stops cleaning, sweeping or gardening. If you are looking for a family vacation this is the place for you. There are two things to note, the beach is pebbly and the location is relatively remote. There are only other hotels and a few shops in the immediate area. However, transportation to the city in both directions is quick and cheap. 42. Yorum: We were at the Mukarnas Hotel for the first time in June, but not for the first time in Türkiye. There is something to compare it to. The hotel is excellent 👍! Without words, starting from the attitude towards the guests, the service flies, the variety of food is off the charts, we did not have time to try everything 😅, theme evenings, parties on the beach with cocktails and desserts. The bartenders in the lobby Farkut, the receptionists Mustafa and Rustam, the manager Valentina, the animators, the DJ, a real team that creates positivity and mood for everything💯. Keep up the great and friendly team. We will definitely be back next year! Thank you ! I recommend 👌 43. Yorum: The hotel is located about an hour and a half drive from the airport in Antalya. From the entrance you feel a friendly atmosphere. The friendly staff took our bags so we could safely get to the room with the kids. The building is well maintained with a great emphasis on cleanliness. Most of the staff speak our language. The swimming pools and the entire infrastructure are worthy of appreciation. The restaurant has a wide range of dishes. Everyone will find something for themselves. We really liked the cartoons and the mini disco for the kids. If I were to look for negatives, I would point out the poor sound insulation in the rooms, you can hear party goers coming back at night :) 44. Yorum: The best hotel I have ever been to, it is beautiful inside and out, I am Polish and thought I would not be able to communicate with the staff, but as it turned out, all the staff spoke Polish, maybe not perfect but very decent. When I had to come back from this hotel I cried because it was one of the best holidays of my life 45. Yorum: We had a great holiday at the hotel with friends and kids from 24th to 31st July 2024. My son was happy with the pools, water park, amusement park and games room for an additional fee (8 year old). Top level - great;), the hotel cleanliness was very good - nothing to complain about, the service was perfect, you can speak Polish everywhere (starting from the reception). Animation for adults and children every evening;) The only drawback that comes to mind is the replacement of beach towels at certain hours, but you can survive;) Spa services (massage) are implemented perfectly. I recommend the hotel with a clear conscience to families with children ;) I hope to return there one day 😍 46. Comment: 1. The food was very low quality, with a small selection, and everything tasted the same. Only the watermelon was consistently delicious. 2. The drinks were of very poor quality, especially the alcoholic drinks which were disastrous. 3. The beach was rocky and poorly maintained, with old and uncomfortable sun loungers. 4. The entertainment program was very low quality. There was nothing designed for 10 year olds, and they were not allowed to participate in any activities, which was a huge disappointment for them. 5. The sun loungers by the pool were crowded together, making it very difficult to move around. 6. In general, the hotel lacks beautiful and aesthetic spaces. 7. Annoying music is played all day, mostly Turkish. 8. There is no space where you can sit quietly without being disturbed by noise. 47. Yorum: Very high standard hotel. Comfortable and clean apartment with views of the pools, palm trees and the sea. Air conditioning works wonders ;) Nice service. Numerous bars and restaurants offer a variety of meals and drinks, so nothing is missing. Everyone will find something for themselves from morning to night. Wi-Fi internet access even by the sea. Private beach, several swimming pools and many attractions for children and adults throughout the day. The minibar is replenished daily and towels are changed regularly. If there is a problem, it is solved immediately. There are no screens here, as in the Baltic, but you need to hurry to get a place on a deck chair, because by 7 am most of them are already booked. I recommend. We are already planning our third stay next year. 48. Yorum: Great hotel, very good food, great service, nice pool with warm water. Most of the staff speak Polish, which adds a lot of comfort. Lots of fun and animation, you can't get bored here. I highly recommend it! 49. Yorum: I purchased a standard room with sea view from the ETS tour, but the room view I saw is attached.|I wrote a more detailed comment in the questionnaire provided by the ETS tour. |The food was good, the location was nice, we arrived at the hotel… 50. Yorum: Nice hotel with lots of things to do, friendly staff, excellent buffet. However, we personally found the beds to be very hard and the pillows not nice, the beach is covered with pebbles instead of sand, which is also a drawback for us. Furthermore, I would recommend it because there is so much to do and the location is excellent, about 40 minutes from Side and Alanya. 51. Yorum: Great hotel in a great location, lovely decor and friendly, helpful staff. Rooms equipped with everything you need. Outside there are bars, swimming pools, slides and many attractions. There are plenty of places to rest and relax. The hotel is ideal for families with children and more. The variety of attractions means that everyone will find something for themselves here! 52. Yorum: A quiet, hassle-free holiday at a reasonable price. The hotel offers plenty of entertainment for children and adults. A wide range of food and drinks. Very helpful staff. Room cleaning every day including changing towels. Themed dinners. 53. Yorum: We rested with a mother and her three children. The children are happy. I liked everything very much! |Delicious food and lots of entertainment for the kids including a mini club where the kids can easily spend half a day without their parents! |Lots of slides for both kids and adults 54. Yorum: The location of the hotel, the food, the drinks, the cleanliness and the animation were perfect, and I would especially like to thank our animation team friends and our friends in the lobby and the beach bar. This hotel felt like our own home It was our 4th visit this year...|| I recommend it to everyone 🙏 … 55. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel with one adult and two children. |Positive aspects:The variety of food is great.|The cleanliness is very good.|The location of the hotel is very close to the beach and the beach is tidy.|The air conditioning in the room is quiet and not annoying.|There is no noise.|. The hotel's architecture is unusual and exciting… 56. Yorum: We had a vacation with my family in August and we loved it very much. It is a very good hotel in terms of quality and performance and very affordable in terms of price, it is a complete family hotel, the children's activities are excellent, and we as adults did not get bored either. It is recommended. We are thinking of coming again next year. 57. Yorum: It has a high quality staff, the food is varied and delicious. However, the quality of alcohol is below average, and much lower than the quality of alcohol in similarly priced hotels in the Alanya area. I expect the hotel to fix this issue as well as improve the quality of the pastries they have. 58. Yorum: Great family hotel! This is our first time at this hotel, we stayed in room 1343. The room has a great view of the sea and the hotel grounds. Magical sunrise and sunset. Beauty any time of the day or night. I especially want to mention the hotel workers. They smile and try to help and make your stay at the hotel enjoyable. Our room is big and beautiful and the room is very clean, children are especially happy when there are different shapes made of towels on the bed, there are shower gels, shampoos and fridges with drinks for adults and children. We have breakfast and dinner in the main restaurant, which is very delicious, and every day there is a new original menu and a variety of dishes that will please both children and adults. At lunch we go to different bars on the territory of the hotel, where you can find snacks, desserts and have a full and delicious lunch, we definitely take watermelons, they are very sweet, and cold ones are wonderfully refreshing, the waiters are fast, everything is clear)) and help in everything! A charming woman makes very delicious gozleme bread with different fillings, our daughter goes there every day. There is animation on site throughout the day. The first day I participated in the Flyboard Show, my little dream came true. Thank you Mukarnas, thank you to the hotel staff who made our vacation wonderful, we are happy to be with you for another 5 days! 59. Yorum: I am a regular customer of the hotel, I would like to thank Mr. Osman the animator and Mrs. Bergul, the room cleaning officer, the attention and care from the staff was excellent and I think the friend who says that he or she is just the night manager needs some training, his position is the manager, but unfortunately he does not deserve this position, unfortunately, we arrived 9 hours away, explained our situation, and he did not let us in before 8:30, we were very disappointed with the children, we gave him a big "0", and we were happy with everything else, thank you Makrnas.. 60. Yorum: The hotel is excellent, the staff is helpful, the food is delicious, I really enjoyed it. The only thing is that the market added a little bitterness, the staff there are rude, and they seem to make money from people, always with an unhappy face.. And everything is fine! 61. Yorum: The first impression started off badly and unfortunately it stayed that way, poor internet connection, waiter service etc. is absolutely terrible. The food was also not good, the buffet smelled so bad you are lied about what you get, the staff were not friendly and were angry 9/10 times, the water cleanliness at the beach was also dirty (supposedly sewage) and the saunas smelled like an animal had died, the swimming pools were full of chlorine and were not suitable for children due to the crowding. In short, you pay a lot for what you get, only the sea was beautiful the rest was terrible! 62. Yorum: The hotel location is good, the rooms are clean and cleaned daily, and there is a decent variety of food. The staff is fine, and the animation team is doing a great job. However, the overall cleanliness of the hotel is really disappointing. There is a constant smell of mold, dampness and what looks like sewage in the bathrooms and communal showers, which was very unpleasant and seriously affected our stay. I also think that the pools are not cleaned properly; seeing a used bandage in the same place next to the indoor pool for three days clearly shows how low the hygiene standards are. The hotel claims to have ISO certifications, but without proper implementation, these certifications become meaningless. The restaurant, pool area and other public bathrooms were also shockingly dirty. It is very surprising and disappointing to see such conditions in a supposedly 5 star hotel. 63. Yorum: I will be very brief and to the point. The room bathrooms are very small. Bad drinks (including beer). Good food but poor variety for Turkey. The sweets are very good. Short slide and train program for children. The staff are sometimes visibly annoyed (maybe also due to the fact that we were a large group and the orders were always large) and also the staff serving only at the bar is not adequate. Poor to no entertainment. I do not recommend this hotel. 64. Yorum: First of all, Mukarnas Hotel is very good in terms of cleanliness. There is a great variety of foods but they are a bit weak and not tasty. The staff are friendly and caring. The hotel is crowded and it is normal to have to wait a long time for food and drinks. Finding an empty table is a bit difficult. Nice hotel for kids. The sea is clear but full of walnuts and stones the size of a fist. You will not find sand. And it gets deeper immediately. It is fun to jump off the pier and swim as the sea bottom looks clear and clean. Good quality fruit juices and alcohol. A facility that deserves 7 out of 10. 65. Yorum: In itself a nice hotel, we liked most of it, except the staff. In the restaurant you have to run after the staff to get drinks. Furthermore, after asking about the missing cutlery, it was simply thrown on the table. Then the cleaning crew finished the whole thing off. There were two 2 euro coins in the drawer, and the staff independently exchanged them for two Bulgarian 2 leva coins. Although we left a 2 euro tip on the bed. With such "little things" trust disappears... 66. Yorum: It was very beautiful and full of activities for the kids. We enjoyed the vacation very much, especially since my daughter went to primary school on 9/19.||The food was delicious every day and the staff were quick to serve.||The room is cleaned daily. 67. Yorum: The hotel is well maintained, its glory days are long gone, it is clean, but showing signs of wear and tear, many of the appliances are simply worn out, the food is very good, but a bit bland. The ice cream machine is broken, only pancakes for the kids every day for a week, which is a negative, there are no mats near the pool, which is dangerous in my opinion, especially for kids. This is a funny solution.. I don't know where these positive reviews and admiration come from, I have stayed in much better hotels at a similar price, and even the Ramadan resort at the same price, organization and location is much better. For me, the biggest minus is the fact that the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, there is simply nowhere to go, or a bus that will take you to a nearby city in an hour, but with children it is already known that in the heat it is a big trip. Alcohol and drinks only juices and cheap western substitutes, after two days I had had enough, the Efes beer was good, the wine was just sweet. There are no heated pools, in May the water was cold. The service was nice, they did their best I didn't like the bartenders, but that's my opinion if there is a tip, everything is fine, but another day without a tip is annoying... It's their job. The water park in the hotel is very bad compared to others and can be seen next to the neighbors on both sides. 68. Yorum: We rested from 06/24/09 to 09/17/24. The animation is excellent, the food is excellent, the cleaning of the area and the rooms needs improvement, there are some minor comments about the condition of the playground and the children's pool. Vacationers are mostly citizens of European countries. Overall the hotel leaves positive feelings and the desire to return is there. Thank you to the hotel management for your vacation!!! 69. Yorum: I went to many hotels in Alanya with my family, but this was the best so far. It was a perfect holiday experience and the hotel staff were simply wonderful. The food and hotel activities are great. I would also like to thank Ms. Valinin, the PR Manager, for her care and attention ❤️ and I look forward to returning here 70. Yorum: What an amazing time there. The swimming pool and activities/events are open to all to participate in. The bars are well stocked and the staff are friendly. Every day is a dinner night with a different theme and adds a lot of culture to the color palette. The check in staff checked me into an isolated room below the accountants office, it was dark and musty with no views at all as it was on the second floor. It took a lot of deliberation to get what I wanted/paid for the next few days. We made some reservations in advance and asked to book rooms together but they were not arranged, in fact on different floors and sides. 71. Yorum: I did a lot of research before choosing the hotel and I'm glad I chose it. First of all, it's very clean, the staff are friendly, the food is great and varied, the pool is quite big. If you have children, there are also park areas and drawing workshops designed especially for them. 72. Yorum: A great hotel that you will want to come back to. Very beautiful and very comfortable. Very welcoming and friendly staff. Quick check-in. Rustum Darwish is very friendly. A big thank you to the entire Al Muqarnas team for a wonderful vacation! See you soon, our beloved Muqarnas ❤️ 73. Yorum: Very good stay, location is very close to shops like bazaars. The service is fast, they take your drinks in the restaurant and serve them to you in less than 8 minutes. The rooms are clean and the cleaners put out drinks every day. The staff is always there to help, by showing you where things are, where to find things, and schedules. The snack bar has a variety of foods and desserts, including: pizza, burgers, wraps, meat, salad, fruits, and cakes. They have a variety of mock tails and cocktails. The amphi bar has things like: crepes, french fries, pancakes, ice cream, burritos, fruit tea and again a variety of drinks. I would definitely recommend coming. 74. Yorum: I stayed on September 23rd. Great hotel and delicious, rich food. Animation 5/5! The staff speaks English and German without any problems. Perfect location, right next to the beach and fireworks, we will definitely be back 75. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and the service is excellent and although it was very crowded, we were very happy with the cleanliness, food and service. It is very spacious and has many activities. We attended all the events and enjoyed them all. The mini club for kids is a lot of fun, there are separate playmates too, as far as I noticed, although our child doesn't quite understand because he is young, children aged 4.5 and up can have a lot of fun. My only problem is that I can't find anything that will feed an 11-12 month old. The meals in the children's section were suitable for ages 4.5 years and up. The soup in the children's section was the same for 4 days, and the soup for the other adults was too salty. But we ate the remaining rice and meat dishes with great pleasure. Overall we were very happy and would recommend it. 76. Yorum: After visiting Türkiye several times since 2019, I can easily admit that this is a 4 star hotel, not a 5 star. The artists and some of the bar staff were great but the majority of the staff were miserable. Soft drinks with the lobby bar serving only suitable drinks. It is advertised as a family holiday hotel but as a family of 14 who visited, we can happily agree that this is not the case. Once it hits 11:30pm, all the lights and air conditioning are turned off, practically forcing you to go to bed unless you want to drink in the dark at the pool bar. We had three kids ages 8-12 who got bored because everything closed so early, that way you know there's a problem if the kids still want to stay up and you're closing everything! Drinks also tend to stain your tongue because of the amount of Pepsi syrup you use without fizzing! The food is average for any all inclusive hotel to be honest, but spending only a few hours a day where you can have a little ice cream is absolutely ridiculous. When I first arrived, my partner and I were placed in room 2001. This room is not part of the hotel, it is the staff room. It is the only room in the area that has the management and accountants' offices above you. We felt very unsafe staying there so we had to squeeze into our family members rooms overnight until the issue was resolved. I would give a lower rating but the staff who care about customer service really earned them stars so this one is for them! 77. Yorum: I stayed here on my last day in Istanbul. Everything was top notch. The room has been upgraded. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was good. The location is amazing. One block away from Istiklal Street in Taksim. I would definitely recommend it to others and will be back again inshallah. 78. Yorum: The staff is friendly and responsive to all your questions and needs. I did not see any discrimination between Turkish and foreign customers. The animation and swimming pool activities are nice. The food is very nice. Good little club for kids. No playing around on the sun loungers at the pool. You can find sun loungers by the pool anytime you want. 79. Yorum: We stayed in this hotel from 06/04 to 06/11/24 What can I say, at first I noticed that the staff were not smiling, it felt like they were on the back burner. Either at the pool bar, in the lobby or at the reception. They gave us plastic bracelets, you sunbathe with them and sleep with them too, which is very uncomfortable, and scratching someone else with that bracelet costs absolutely nothing. The rooms are the same, two beds, one large and one smaller. The hair dryer works as intended. On the fourth day, shabby towels appeared in the room. The mini bar only has water, juice and pepsi. The pool bar and lobby bar do not have a drink menu and offer very few types of drinks. The waiters, as at a funeral, do not smile. There is only one nice waiter in the lobby in the evening, Farouk. There are no lifeguards at all in the pools, water park and sea! If something happens, you won't even have anyone to turn to. There was no fence on the pier, and the child, who was descending the stairs leading to the sea, stumbled and fell from the high pier into the sea. Only the adults themselves, who were nearby, were saved, because there were no rescuers. The only positive thing is the spa. We went to the spa, everyone loved it: the bath, the massage was great. In principle, I just liked the spa. From the third day of the holiday, it seemed like we were in Poland, as many Poles came in large numbers. In the evening, Polish music was played in the bar, discouraging any desire to dance. The concept of the hotel is certainly very strange. You can only eat at certain times. The food is bland and boring. Dinner is from 19.00 to 21.00 and at 20.00 the air conditioning is turned off. Also in the lobby, at around 21.40, they turn off the air conditioning, which makes the hotel very stuffy. The only drinks available at the beachside bar are beer and lemonade. I didn't see any UAI there; we rated the hotel a three. The hotel is suitable for people over 50 who have nothing to do there. 80. Yorum: Great hotel I have been to some hotels before, but this one is excellent. Large facility and many attractions. Great service, both from the waiters, bartenders and the entire hotel. The pool is clean, as are the rooms. Lots of animation, people never get bored. Food... Too much of it, it's usually impossible to finish. Every day, at any time, everything is fresh, fruits, vegetables, salads, and perfectly prepared meats. So much food was lost that people wondered what to eat. Alcoholic beverages, regular, unadulterated, good quality. The hotel is definitely worth recommending. 81. Yorum: The best hotel you want to come back to!. And so on in order. The area is green, landscaped, surrounded by flowers, and smells something. Top quality food, for breakfast, Turkish. Omelette, boiled eggs, our pancakes, toast. Well, there was dinner, this night Turkish and Italian. My favorite 🥰 . … 82. Yorum: Very nice hotel. The beach is rocky, but that was known from the start. The pool is big and has plenty of sun loungers, unfortunately it is busy all day and there are no people there. Very nice waiters and animation staff. 83. Yorum: The holidays were very successful, and the whole family was happy. The hotel met our expectations. One small negative is the elevators, some of which were blocked during our stay, especially since we were using a stroller, and there was a bit of a wait to get to the room or downstairs. 84. Yorum: The hotel is big and spacious. The drive from the airport is 1.5 hours. 15 minutes from the hotel is the huge Alara Bazaar. Very nice service, rooms are cleaned every day, interesting cuisine, everyone will find something for themselves. Interesting themed dinners. Lots of green spaces and attractions. Swimming pools and sun loungers for all. The beach is rocky, but it is possible to enter the sea from the pier. Bars with drinks everywhere. I recommend it for families with children. 85. Yorum: Overall, a successful holiday for a 2+2 family. One downside, but not the hotel's fault, is the cold water in the pools, even in the paddling pool (first week of October), so it's best to go in high season. Plus: amusement park for kids. I would recommend it, but I definitely won't be back again. 86. Yorum: It's the worst hotel I've ever been to, the rooms are clean, the food is 8/10, the alcohol is a complete disgrace, you don't know what you're drinking, most of the foreign staff are generally interested in it. Female customers, so they exclude men if you go with men or as a family, I do not recommend it, do not go, look elsewhere. 87. Yorum: We went to Mukarnas 3 times! It is a very nice, well maintained hotel with friendly staff. The variety of food is great! From arrival to departure, everything went smoothly. Highly recommended for a comfortable and relaxing stay. We will be back and recommend to everyone! We would like to thank Mustafa for his help and care and Suleiman! 88. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful and very family friendly. Plenty of entertainment throughout the day and evening for children and adults. The food is beautifully presented and the choices and variety of food are great. The rooms are okay, but they crammed four of my family into a small room that should only fit three people at most. The bed is comfortable, the bathrooms and shower area are perfect and there is nothing to complain about. The cleaners are there every day and do a good job. There are four elevators in the hotel, which are slow and always have queues, especially in the evening. Do not plan to use any of the hotel's additional amenities as they are very expensive. 1. Hotel shop, 5 euros for a pack of crisps and 25 euros for a mask but no snorkel. Go to the shops outside the hotel, I recommend going to the bazaar on the same side as the shopping cart path. (15 minute walk) where prices are at least half of the hotel store prices. 2. Spa, 30 euros for a basic massage. External companies will take you to the Turkish bath for free and give you the business for the same price. Please read Trip Advisor reviews for any place you plan to go first. 3. The clothing store is very reasonable where you can get 3 designer shirts for kids for 10 euros or 20 euros for 3 adults. 4. jewelry store. I did not go into this so I cannot comment. 5. Water sports center. Very expensive with prices as follows. A. 70 euros for 10 minutes of parking. for. 50 euros for 10 minutes for jet skis. Take a bus or taxi to the local public water sports centre and haggle, it is possible to get them for half the price of the hotels. 6. doctors. £120 for unification. The lobby bar doesn't open until 10:00 a.m., which doesn't help if you want to have a drink while waiting to catch your flight. Instead, you have to walk to the main bar at the back of the hotel complex near the beach. The slides are only open for a few days at specific times. Children/toddler pool area slides are available most times of the day. The plastic cups you drink from at the bar are small, and we started ordering 2 each when we went to the bar because the signs were not occupied with enough staff. The snack bar is great but has no seating if you don't get there early. The main restaurant is air conditioned and pleasant but you have to get there early for the evening meal or you will have to sit on the veranda and it is very humid and can be quite uncomfortable. I hope this helps. Enjoy your vacation. 89. Yorum: A bit crowded at the pool. The lounge chairs were occupied and most of them were not used. The beach is rocky, but entering the water from the dock was a nice solution. You can jump off the platform. Relaxing on the sidewalk is a 90's revelation. Yorum: We were on vacation a month ago. The hotel is okay, but there are some drawbacks. The first was the elevators that were running at their will, and the elevator on the first floor was stopped due to "too many people". Another thing: when we went on vacation and paid a lot of money, it seemed to us that we did not have to "give" tips yet. On the part of the gentlemen who brought the luggage and the staff at the tavern, this was outright "extortion." The air conditioning in the room was broken. The added bonus here is that after reporting the issue, it is fixed within 30 minutes. The only regret is that it was difficult to eat or drink on the Ultra after midnight, bottom line, the hotel was ok, nice experience, but I wouldn't go back there. 91. Yorum: It was a really great experience, the food, the cleanliness, the pool bar, all the staff are great, friendly and helpful, we were very happy, they didn't make us feel like strangers in the hotel, we have no regrets about our experience and choice, thank you to Mukarnas 92 Resort family. Yorum: The hotel was well maintained and clean almost everywhere. The service was very nice and funny, the waiters tried to speak to us in Polish, and the animators were great at organizing different games. The water in the pools is very warm and the slides are very fun. The beach is rocky and pebbly, so it's worth taking water shoes with you. The food was very good, but a bit bland. The rooms were clean and well maintained, but the air conditioning did not work well. Children's attractions are very well organized, and the kids did not get bored. The shows in the evening are very fun and not boring at all! There are two markets near the hotel, it is worth going there! Overall, I highly recommend this hotel! 93. Yorum: Great place to relax! The hotel location is excellent, rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly. The breakfasts are simply amazing, a wide variety of dishes. We will definitely come back here again and recommend this hotel to friends and acquaintances. Thank you for a wonderful vacation! 94. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, rooms and public areas are very clean, beds are comfortable, staff are lovely, food is simple but plentiful and drinks are always flowing. The cleaning staff always make your sheets or towels into works of art every day, it's so beautiful, makes me smile every time! I would definitely stay here again :) They really work to make your stay a great experience! There isn't much in the local area, so you need to drive or ride everywhere, but it's easy to do! The air conditioning doesn't really work, just circulates warm air, it's May here so it doesn't really matter but imagine it might be difficult in the height of summer. The evening entertainment is hit and miss, but it's good that they try :) (and even when it's a bit silly, it's kind of entertaining in a funny way or another) 95. Yorum: As an update, the downsides are that you're not allowed to take sweets into the room like the military, you're not allowed to take anything into the lobby - there are two common areas, you're not allowed to take anything from the cafeteria there, we get comments like our boss is walking around and getting angry. It's not good institutionally, as riding a scooter is prohibited. Constantly banned, banned, banned. For the first time in a hotel, we encounter phrases like “this is not possible, it is forbidden” to the client. 96. Yorum: I recommend, very good food, large selection of dishes. The service was very friendly and efficient. Very clean, sometimes can complain about something. The higher level comfortable rooms are large and suitable for a family of 4. Our room had a sea view. The bathroom is large for a hotel. Beach towels and buffet in the room are included in the price, in the all inclusive offer. We lacked nothing. I have not seen any normal rooms. 97. Yorum: I recommend this hotel to everyone. Its greatest asset is the people who work there. The manager Mohammed is very polite and helpful. The best bartenders (Marek, Farouk, Servet, Ali, thank you for everything), the best animators who are impossible to get bored with (Migi, Nordan, Yusuf and Ozi - it was a crazy time...). And of course Haldon, who made sure all the guests were satisfied. Discos with Martin - it's impossible to get bored! Best Showman Serhat - The evening shows he hosted were so much fun. In addition, the hotel has a lot of attractions for children - a mini club at the highest level. Everyone will find some entertainment for themselves: darts tournaments, air rifle shooting, yoga, dance lessons, water aerobics, water polo, etc. The food is very varied, and the waiters do their best to ensure that no one misses anything. This is a hotel to return to. 98. Yorum: This is the hotel we've been rushing to in April for two years in a row. The hotel is built on a large area and the landscape is very beautiful. The staff is friendly. There are activities you can enjoy at every moment. The friends in the animation team are so cute. Especially Ozi and Youssef are always there to make sure you enjoy every moment. The food is amazing. Main course, dessert, salads, breakfast, everything is amazing. It is very enjoyable to watch the sunset on the sun loungers on the beach in the evening and watch the stars on the pier at night. 99. Yorum: Nice hotel, lots of green space, clean rooms. I have to compliment the staff more - everyone is nice, helpful and smiling. Many bartenders speak Polish. Varied and delicious food. Animation, attractions for everyone. If someone needs silence, I recommend the sidewalk. There are no negatives! 100. Yorum: I highly recommend it for those who want to celebrate. Lots of shows, great beaches and lots of food. The waiters are nice. A little loud and crowded. Dealing professionally. Lots of kids programs at the mini club. 101. Yorum: Solid 4 stars for the hotel. The facility is huge, you can't get bored. It is very clean, the meals are varied and delicious. All the bartenders were smiling, friendly and helpful. Cons: Very cold water in the main pool (May), only one float for the biggest slide! Double and one! Individual ice cream in such a hotel should be served all day, not just for 2-3 hours. Overall it's a good hotel! 102. Comment: عظيم !!!! I would especially like to thank the front office team very very much. Even though we checked in early, they helped us to the room. Mr. Qurban and his team, we are happy to have you. I'm glad I met you..... See you next holiday. 103. Yorum: Such a good place that I'm speechless. Mediterranean as always - the best in the world. Very hospitable hotel. Almost everywhere is all inclusive. Every moment in the hotel is very organized (if you want to participate in the activities), I recommend it with all my heart. Internet throughout the hotel (even on the beach) is satisfactory. 5/5 104. Yorum: I will say this... The best hotel we have ever been to, the food was amazing, the service was great, the rooms were beautiful, everything was so amazing I couldn't help but cry when they left. 105. Yorum: This is the fourth time we have stayed at this hotel. Everything is good as always. Four solid. Except for the waiter at the lobby bar. The brute is still the same. Just a dog. In principle, he did not see any tips from us, unlike other bartenders and waiters. This may be one of the motivations for the behavior. His name is "Farouk". Also known as "Farouk". He acts arrogantly with women. Makes bad drinks. Yes, he is not a waiter, but he poured... In other respects, the hotel is good. Rooms, service, restaurant and animation are at a good level. 106. Yorum: Great hotel!! We are currently finishing our stay at this facility and I can honestly recommend it to both families with children and couples. Great area with a shallow children's pool and slides. Lots of attractions for adults, including a water park, 3 saunas, a jacuzzi, a large indoor pool and much more. There is plenty of food and very good quality. Throughout the day, whether in the cafeteria or in the snack bar, wonderful "snacks" are served, and in fact, a full dinner. The hotel staff was a big plus. I would really like to appreciate the bartenders who are very friendly and can surprise you with what they can do. Special shout out to Ali and Segundo Ali from the pool bar, along with Servet, Ramadan and Ahmed. Thank you all for the beautiful moments we had. The animators also made our stay more fun by playing many games, always with a prize. I don't know if it's written that way, but greetings to the cartoon site Józek😀 Next to a rocky beach, but this is information only for connoisseurs of sandy beaches. 107. Yorum: The food is delicious and varied with a large selection. Several pool bars. Private beach with sun loungers and a bar for free drinks. The service is helpful, courteous and courteous. 108. Yorum: Nice experience. The staff was friendly. The hotel is family friendly and offers plenty of activities for both children and adults to do. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are free - included in hotel bills. Snack and drink bars are available at various locations in the hotel - all free of charge. The hotel has direct access to the beach - although the stone beach is not sandy. The rooms are clean and cleaned daily. The weather is very nice and the views are great. 109. Yorum: The hotel pretends to be 5 stars, but it feels like a crappy 4 stars. The food is nice and the same every day. Everyone expects a tip, and if you don't tip, you won't get any service. Alcohol is diluted. My daughter and I were sick for days because of the stale food. Cleanliness is non-existent. The rooms are not soundproof. There is a drain pipe for the canal into the sea right next to the dock. People are swimming in human sewage. Room access cards are not working properly. You will need to replace your card every day. This is my first and last trip to Türkiye. My impression of Antalya and the Turkish tourism industry is terrible. Exceptions - The room cleaning staff were very polite. One of the waiters was very nice to us. 110. Yorum: Great experience. The food and service are top notch. A good place to relax for families with children, young people and others. (If someone wants to relax in peace and quiet, they should go somewhere else, because it is impossible here.) My rating is 5/5. 111. Yorum: The hotel is good, but there is a nuisance - the beach is pebbly, so I recommend buying sheds. The restaurant offers something new every time, and the dishes are just delicious. There are no fresh juices, which I don't care for, but my mother wanted them. October 6th was my mother's birthday, and room was… 112. Yorum: First of all, the service is amazing, all the staff are friendly, let's not outdo Ali Bey at the pool bar, his jokes and conversations are great, the cocktails are excellent, no problem at all with eating and drinking, the room cleaning is excellent, I am still staying at the hotel currently and I don't want the holiday to end if you are coming with your family, I can say Mukarnas Resort without hesitation, I can say it is the best. The hotel I visited in Alanya area is full of activities from morning to night and I will visit Muqarnas again on my next vacation. 113. Yorum: We are in Türkiye again. We always come back here because it is beautiful and we love it. The hotel is great and so are the staff who care about our comfort. The food is delicious and lots of variety: Turkish, Mexican, etc. Hats off to the bartenders from Türkiye who speak Polish, especially Marek from Elbląg. 114. Yorum: Even though it has been more than a month since our visit to Makarnas, I decided to leave a good review about the hotel. Since I have a particularly picky child when it comes to food, I loved the fact that porridge was on the kitchen menu. Also, the service staff in the kitchen restaurant were very helpful, very active and hard working. I liked the work of the maids, they cleaned the rooms well and tidy, a lot of attention was paid to the children, the pool, and also a lot of active activities, working as a waiter was a bit disappointing, because I did not get any cocktail or beautifully decorated drink at one point, when a child bruised his arm while going to the room. Never go to the help desk located in the hotel area, it is better to contact your insurance agency. 115. Yorum: Good hotel, but we won't be back. || Negative: |- Always the same food |- The staff at the reception are not very friendly |- There are too many children (so if you are looking for peace and quiet, you should not come here |- Not centrally located, no shopping opportunities … 116. Yorum: I recommend it, nice resort. The food is varied and very delicious! Wonderful sea water, the only minus, although it was not a nuisance for us, is the stone beach, I recommend special slippers. It is ideal for families with children. Large and clean rooms. On the downside, the staff is not friendly at all, unfortunately, from the bar to the restaurant staff. Dinner lasts from 7:00pm to 9:00pm, around 8:40pm they start turning off the air conditioning, start collecting food and somehow try to force you to leave. The hotel is mostly occupied by tourists from Poland. The bazaar is very close, about 15 minutes walk. 117. Yorum: Only one star. I'm sorry but the services are terrible! Unfriendly staff! Cocktails are only good if you tip the bar! Every time! Beach bar opens at 10am. If you have children and go to the beach at 8, you must take water from the hotel. The food is not good! You have no taste! The quality of the offers is poor! 118. Yorum: At the beginning of my review, I would like to thank all the staff from the bottom of my heart, you are amazing, you are the ones who created this hotel and this atmosphere - you are professionals!!!!!! I have a rule that I will never go back to a hotel I've been to before, but... I will be back for you!!!!! May Holiday 04/27/2024 - 05/03/2024. The temperature is from 24°C to 29°C during the day, there are no clouds in the sky, just sunshine and sunshine. The water in the sea is warmer than in July and August in the Baltic Sea. The water in the pool is warm. A hotel worth recommending. The rooms and bathrooms are clean, and there are no signs of wear and tear in the rooms or other rooms. Delicious meals, large selection, no monotonous flavors, no fighting over tables or plates. Service that looks out for you, not you Service Alcohol - European brands from Heineken, Beck's, Tuborg and Kalsberg beers to rum, whisky, vodka, gin and wine. A wide range of delicious drinks. Coffee Shop - A lovely idea with a wide range of different types of hot and cold coffee, as well as cakes, cookies and ice cream to choose from. Sea - sandy beach. The entrance to the sea is sandy and practically rocky. No fighting for sunbeds. Outdoor pool - clean, plenty of sun loungers, no fighting for them. Near the pool there is a toilet (clean), snack bar, garden bar. Language - English, German, Russian And now the cons: - We arrived at night and at the reception we heard that the hotel day starts at 8 am and we have to wait for our room, but when I took out 10 euros, we quickly found a room - sad !!!!! Nice welcome to the guest!!! - The TUI offer clearly states that the outdoor pools are free. I went to the hotel rooftop pool and at first they asked me to pay 10 euros per person. They wouldn't even let me see what the pool looked like, what the conditions were like, whether I liked it or not, it was like buying a cat in a poke. I have to pay and that's all they care about. - What bothered me the most was the lack of designated smoking areas. Cigarette smoke is everywhere, whether at the pool, on the restaurant terrace or on the beach. While eating my meal, I ate with cigarette smoke - so delicious!!!! In a nearby hotel, such as Mukarnas or Meryan in Okurcalar, where I was staying, they managed to solve this problem by allocating smoking areas and there was no such problem. This problem not only annoyed me, but also irritated other guests as we exchanged opinions while sunbathing or chatting in the evening at the lobby bar.