1. Yorum: this is the fourth time we have been to this hotel which is very very good in every way, including the staff and all the services. We arrived on September 15 and were given a room number 1014 on the ground floor of... 2. Comment: Top top top hotel. There are French people here. The rooms are beautiful. Lots of different food 😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌 animation does not speak French but he manages to set the mood 😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌😌 … 3. Yorum: The hotel is really beautiful | Private beach with enough deckchairs to find what you are looking for | Those at the pool are constantly reserved despite the sign asking not to do so, but that is the case with all hotels... 4. Yorum: The hotel is really nice but the service is so so bad that we won't go back. They don't know how to welcome you, talk to you, respect you. This is not worthy of a 5 star rating. If you go there for very little money, ok, but otherwise there are 10,000 hotels in the surrounding area that are better. You don't go to a 5-star hotel to beg. To not be served and welcomed. I stayed at the Sirius Deluxe hotel not far away and I can tell you that it is perfect, a real 5* hotel, you are welcomed and respected. Azura Deluxe they are just beautiful but that is not enough. For the record, I had a cockroach on my chair in the communal restaurant and 2 cockroaches at the entrance another day. Some days there were way too many flies. The cha cha bar is a disaster! Not once in 2 weeks has a waiter come to see you or at best help you carry the drinks. On their counter you can see lots of ants and wasps. The deckchairs are piled up, no room. I really liked the pastry side where you can drink a good coffee with decent service and a very pleasant view. You should know that in the very luxurious surrounding hotels they give you lovely attentions when there is a birthday. At Azura everything is chargeable, even just making a table with HBD balloons is €50 (shameful). The entertainment leaves something to be desired, they don't put an ice cube in to take care of the children. The elevator disaster. I have been to this area near Alanya 7 times and I really regret being fooled by azura. There are so many hotels nearby that are better than this one. Really RUN AWAY from this one. Don't get scammed by the beauty of the reception. Never in my life is it a 5* given the deplorable service. 5. Yorum: A perfect stay! No bad surprises, excellent service from check-in to departure. Excellent, rich and varied buffet. All the staff are smiling and extremely polite. Large, very clean swimming pool with no odor... 6. Yorum: A luxurious all-inclusive beachfront hotel with plenty of choice and quality for food and drink. The rooms are large, comfortable and clean. The beach is a little small but well used. The only downside is that the hotel is colonized by Russians who are not very respectful! 7. Yorum: We just returned from 11 days at the Azura Hotel deluxe. We were a group of 18 people (10 adults, 2 teenagers and 6 children). Overall we had a great holiday.||||We would particularly like to thank the … 8. Yorum: Everything is perfect, the staff is very kind despite the language barrier, and the services are fabulous. Everything is very clean, the food is varied, the Turkish bath is wonderful. The only downside, but one that will not lower the rating, is... 9. Yorum: This hotel did not give us the sea view room that we were supposed to have during our stay. We had to insist for a long time to have the sea view room 5 days after our arrival. In terms of catering, very little variety, poor quality fruit and desserts (only pudding) not at 5 star level. Positive point, well maintained room and hotel. This hotel is not a 5 star but rather a 4 star. 10. Yorum: The hotel is very clean. It is a hotel that I recommend because we have a lot of fun, there is always something to do, several activities are available to us throughout the day and evening. There is no need to leave the hotel because everything is inside. The hosts are great. 11. Yorum: For the 3rd consecutive time we come on vacation to Azura Deluxe with family.||||We are satisfied with the staff and the hotel.||We spoke with Guest relation Aysel with whom we were able to discuss the services of … 12. Yorum: A very good hotel, The reception 0 We booked a room with a sea view On our arrival a woman told us that unfortunately we cannot give your room we will put you in another room this they did not reimburse us for our sea view room that we had booked 13. Yorum: Good location Nice beach, nice pool Nice design Everything is correct BUT when I ask the waiter for a cocktail he gives me milk mixed with a tiny bit of pineapple juice (for the pina colada) so when you drink it you feel like you're drinking milk... Not much choice in the dishes... and since I eat there my poop is green... In short, the restoration needs to be reviewed 14. Yorum: Good hotel in general, BUT the staff is very aggressive! They attack directly, even physically. I strongly advise against it. Very disappointed!!! Good hotel in general, but the staff is very aggressive!!! They attaques directly, and not only by they words. Very disappointed. Don't advise you really... 15. English: English: Nice stay as a couple, Mademoiselle Hülya often takes care of vacationers if all goes well.|Just one drawback is finding places by the pool. 16. Year: Very nice hotel Lacks a bit of greenery Correct meals and drinks Super nice and helpful staff I recommend this place dymps 17. Comment: #Made4U show#dance 18. Yorum: We were on vacation with two families. The hotel was very disappointing. It all started on the first day we arrived, when they didn't have any rooms available and we were placed in a family room. Of course, they made up for it with champagne, but they also waited two extra days. The cherry on the cake was that it was my wife's birthday and we ordered their decorations. Arriving at the appointed time, we sat at the table and saw cockroaches crawling on the table (I am attaching a photo), they claim they were crawling from the street. I do not recommend this hotel. The food is absolutely horrible. It was an Asian night, so there was only vegetable sushi. Disgusting. I don't recommend it to anyone. 19. Yorum: The hotel is simply exceptional and offers its guests a first class experience. Every day, varied and entertaining entertainment ensures pleasure and good humor. Whether you like to be active or prefer to relax, … 20. Yorum: We visited the hotel with our families from October 5th to 12th, 2024. The weather was great during this period, very sunny and around 28 degrees every day. I loved the pool which was quite big and with a large number of … 21. Yorum: We came here to relax just at the end of our honeymoon, the hotel corresponds to the photos and reviews advertised. We are about 23 and 27 years old, we have vacationed in many places, including many times… 22. Yorum: You just arrived and you're already in a bad mood. The recording was short, sweet and quick. Then I trotted up to the room alone and first disappointment: the room overlooks the street and that is unreasonable for a family with small children. The noise from the windows is practically non-existent. I quickly asked if I could have another room and was only told that for an additional fee. So the hotel is now taboo for us! 23. Yorum: We made a reservation through ETS tour and arrived at the hotel. The welcome was very pleasant, the friend in the room presented the hotel in a very descriptive way. When we entered the room it was very nice and spacious. She welcomed us with her view and cleanliness. The variety in the mini bar and everything from headphones to towels in the bathroom was in sufficient quantity. There wasn't much variety at our first dinner, as there wasn't much variety, the few types of meat we ate were tasteless. The guys working the lobby bar the night of our first day of arrival (I think the 4pm-midnight shift) were very attentive, cheerful and friendly people, so kudos to the F&B manager. But the morning friends I met the next day saw us raising our hands as if we were forced to work here, but the fact that they didn't come and the boredom on their faces didn't stop me from thinking they would be angry. with us when we asked for something. Likewise, the bartender friends at the bar who looked alike were in the same situation. Usually, hotel staff give priority to foreign guests as soon as they realize you are Turkish, either they don't look you in the eye or they don't care when they take an order and don't bring it. So I ask the F&B manager to speak with the guys on the morning shift. Seeing no harm in reminding him again, he said: "I exclude bartenders who work between 4 p.m. and midnight." 24. Yorum: In general, it is a nice hotel right by the sea, there is a children's pool and an adult pool, mainly German and Russian guests. There is a Turkish bath, sauna and spa (for a fee) on the ground floor. M. … 25. Yorum: Cleaning rooms, etc. There is no problem with issues like this, it is very clean and everything you need is available in the room. Many positive comments can be written about the hotel, but I would like to include more negative experiences for people who will stay there. The staff gives priority to foreigners. We made an a la carte reservation, chose our food from the menu and when we went in the evening we found that one of the hot starters was missing. When I reported the situation to the server, I received a ridiculous response like "you ordered hot during the reservation". The quality of the food is low, they compromised on the quality to reduce the price. Alcohol is unlimited by the glass only, so most of what you drink is water. Don't be fooled by the phrase "all-you-can-eat local and foreign drinks." When booking a la carte, we were asked to scan a QR code to give points to the hotel. The staff was watching us and we had to give high marks. Don't be fooled by the very high hotel ratings left and right. 26. Yorum: This is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at. It is definitely a family hotel, but you can find entertainment for adults and children. There is so much food that you will gain weight hahaha|I … 27. Yorum: When I arrived 6 years ago, everything was fine. But this time I was not satisfied at all, I have 2 days of vacation left. The shared toilets are very dirty and the smell is horrible. Compared to 6 years ago, food is not enough and the variety is very limited. We ask the restaurant waiters for tea or water, but they bring it to us very late. They distinguish between Turks and tourists, they treat them more politely, care about them and even chat with them, but when it comes to work, they act slowly. This time I was disappointed. Would I choose it again? It's very difficult. 28. Yorum: Our 5-day vacation period, which we accompanied with the ETS tour, ended very well today. It was a complete family hotel. Our holiday was very comfortable as there were many friends for my 3 year old daughter. The children have a lot of fun in the swimming pool. The mini disco for the kids in the evening was great fun. Except the show reserved for children!!!! The costumes of the characters were extremely scary, my child had nightmares until the morning!!! I would like to thank the sisters on the 6th floor (sister Emel) for their helpfulness, smiling faces and work focused on customer satisfaction. And I would like to add that the friendliness of the dining room staff and the lobby bar staff was 10/10. We would expect the same kindness and service from the bartenders around the pool. 29. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, I recommend it to everyone, friendly people!!! The food is varied, the drinks are great!!! On the pier, bartender Isak makes exclusive cocktails!!! When we arrived we asked for a … 30. Yorum: We were there as a family from 03/09 to 13/09/2024. The hotel is good, meets 5* by all criteria. There is plenty of entertainment for children, the sea, the beach, the swimming pools, the shops, everything is great. The WI FI is crap, keeps crashing. It's better to buy a SIM card and not worry. When we got home, everyone caught some kind of virus, fever, vomiting, diarrhea, etc. We don't know it at the hotel, at the airport or on the plane, but from the first day home, everyone got sick. 31. Yorum: The hotel where we stayed for 6 nights and 7 days, first of all, I want to thank the kitchen team one by one, they are very good in terms of food and drinks. I would also like to thank Mr. Polat, who prepares excellent coffees every day with his smiling face in the lobby pastries, and Mrs. Gamze and Yeliz, who make people happy with their smiling faces and strong communication in the piano bar. What I can say negatively is that the hotel campus is narrow and the swimming pools are insufficient. Another negative aspect is the lack of evening entertainment. Apart from that, thanks to the Azura team for giving us a great holiday in general with their staff 🙏 32. Yorum: Very good location of the hotel. Personnel poli. In the restaurant, everyone can choose the food they like. I recommend visiting the hotel. We are a couple who have been married 6 times in this hotel. We hope to come back next year.................................. 33. Yorum: The hotel was perfect. From arrival to departure. Excellent service, the hotel is perfect, the food is excellent, the activities for young and old are perfect. Rooms freshly cleaned every day, everything was ready. The view … 34. Yorum: Unfortunately, check-in was late.|The staff was nice.|The service in the restaurant could be more attentive.|The hotel is visually very nice but very small, which is why they are very close to each other … 35. Yorum: This is our third stay at the hotel. The hotel is very successful in terms of cleanliness of the rooms and hotel staff. However, the beach was small and the sea was not very clean. This year in particular, the cleaning of the public hall and the toilets on the ground floor was insufficient. Mrs. Yeliz and Mrs. Gamze, who worked in the lobby floor service, as well as all the employees in the piano bar were very friendly and helpful. 36. Yorum: Very nice hotel. Friendly staff, very good food. But what makes the hotel special is the town of Avsallar, just a 2-minute walk away! This means that you don't need to take a taxi to a big city for shopping, but you can get to a big city for shopping in 2 minutes. This is my 3rd time staying at the hotel. Every year the hotel gets better and better! Nice entertainment and plenty of space to stretch out at the hotel. The rooms are very clean, large and have a beautiful view of the sea and the town of Avsallar itself! One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in! 37. Yorum: A nice clean hotel. If some of the customers had behaved better in terms of cleanliness and consideration towards other customers, it would have been even more enjoyable. The staff (everywhere) always tries to find a solution and is courteous. Despite a small misstep that meant we were unable to access the room we had booked as an upgrade until later (a solution was found, and again they did their best to make us happy despite the hotel's high occupancy rate), it was a great stay! We recommend the town, accessible via an underground passage right next to the hotel. The evening's programme was varied and interesting, there was something for everyone. The food was delicious, but some dishes were cold and should have been hot. But that's how it is at the buffet. The pool and beach are very clean and it feels like something is always being cleaned somewhere. Thank you Azura, we will come back with pleasure if the opportunity arises! 38. Yorum: We went to the hotel with my mother. We were very satisfied with everything. The employees are very friendly and attentive, we never felt out of place. The cleanliness was excellent, the food was varied and perfect every time. We loved the cha cha bar and the entertainment team, everything was great. It definitely deserves 5 stars. 39. Yorum: We're only here for our second day of honeymoon, but we're already bored. We couldn't go to the pool, but we were lucky to find some sun loungers on the beach. The swimming area is very small. We had to leave the hotel and head towards the activities that would take place. Same food every day and tasteless. The internet is slow. The good news is that the servers and staff are friendly. 40. Yorum: Let's be brief. The hotel is excellent, the service is wonderful, the staff is polite and discreet. Cleanliness and order. |The food is delicious, but there are not enough fish dishes.|Personally, our holiday was a success as always.|Many thanks to all the holiday organisers. Peaceful skies to all. 41. Yorum: We stayed 4 nights in August. We had no problems in terms of cleanliness, comfort of the rooms, comfort of the hotel and attention of the staff. There are many activities for children. There is a mini disco. , there could be more Turkish music. The view is beautiful and the pier looks stunning at night. Since it's in HD, there's no problem with eating and drinking, you can find whatever you're looking for, but the main meals might be. better in terms of variety and taste of the animation team. (Except for one friend, those who go there will know who he is) very cute. It would be great if there was a Play Station. It was a great vacation. We will return. 42. Yorum: I definitely do not recommend this hotel, it is not a hotel that deserves 5 stars and the positive reviews have nothing to do with reality. First of all, families with children should not consider this hotel. There are groups of young people who are around 24 hours a day for whom hotel regulations are something exotic. Smoking, drinking and eating in the pool is a daily order for them, and shouting in the rooms and hallways is also normal for them. The music playing from boomboxes by the pool can drive you crazy after a few days. For a moment I felt like I was in a "men's" dormitory. Despite this, the hotel staff does not react to such behavior. The food is very bad, it's always the same, only the location of the dishes changes. The cleanliness of the hotel also leaves something to be desired. From the start, the sofas and carpet in the lobby look like they came out of a trash can. This is my opinion and I will not remove or change it at the request of an interested person. 43. Room: The rooms are spacious and air-conditioned. We had a room with two bedrooms. The room has a hairdryer, towels and toiletries. The room also includes a safe and a refrigerator with … 44. Yorum: Excellent hotel, large rooms, there is a mini bar with soft drinks. The neighborhood is small but very comfortable. Excellent beach, when the hotel is full there are always empty sunbeds on the beach and by the pool. Great selection of good alcohol. Friendly staff. 45. Yorum: Very noisy guests at night. The food was not very good. There was a lack of spices. Beach and rooms good. I would not recommend this hotel. However, if you really want to go to Türkiye, you can come here…………………………………………………………………….. 46. Yorum: The hotel is very nice 😍the breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets are very generous. The massages at the SPA are spectacular. The animators are friendly and involve you in the activities. We always found the room clean. Around the hotel you will find several nice shops and bars. 47. Comment: Experience brilliant. |Azura Deluxe was perfect, we stayed there for about five days during this vacation the employees did everything for our satisfaction. Everyone was great and nice. The food was delicious and the … 48. Yorum: Everything is wonderful and perfect. The services were very good. The view is beautiful, the rooms are very clean, the sea is beautiful. The staff is friendly and the restaurant's cuisine is varied. An incredibly beautiful view of the pier. We were very satisfied with everything. Thanks to all the staff. 49. Yorum: First of all I would like to thank the owner of the Iphraim restaurant because he asked me if I would like to take a look at the hotel's pastry shop. As a pastry chef, the way they work there was very interesting and informative. The delicious treats are made with lots of love and know-how 👍🏼. We were very, very pleased with the hotel, the food, the service and the staff. 50. Yorum: We came in July and stayed with family for the first time. They welcomed us in our car, they were very warm and friendly, they accompanied us to our room and gave us all kinds of information. The rooms are clean, they are cleaned regularly every day, the minibar is constantly replenished with free soda and water, the meals are varied and sufficient, you can always eat something. The pool is clean, the sea is wavy but it has sand and a nice warm sea. I can say that after a long time I could feel the interest in the service sector that we have seen in the past. I will come back. Happy holidays to all 51. Yorum: The experience is good in this hotel, the best part is the drinks. The food is tasty, not particularly varied. all the servers are really good. There were a few situations like Poles going wild in the middle of the night and Russians shouting too, but there were only two exceptions. The hotel territory is not large. in terms of value for money, a good option. 52. Yorum: We had a wonderful holiday! The hotel is super nice with very well maintained gardens! The pier is just wow😍 It's definitely suitable for all ages! Employees strive to ensure the well-being of guests. We had a mega view from our room. There is a large shopping area opposite the hotel. We would definitely go back. The only negative was that we were picked up at 6am on the day of our departure and there was no breakfast at that time, even though we had been told otherwise the day before. The lady who cleaned our room could have done it a little more conscientiously. 53. Yorum: We leave this hotel with a heavy heart! People for people... Delicious food, everyone will find something to their liking... I can't complain about the drinks either... Despite the illness, nurse Fatima is wonderful.... the doctor too. everything that is under your nose.... It's really worth it! Great hotel! Thanks to every person... It was a wonderful vacation!♡♡♡♡ 54. Yorum: First of all, I would like to thank all the staff who are trying to do their best in terms of service, even though the staff is insufficient. The last time we came to the hotel was 4 years ago with my girlfriend, who is now my wife, and we were very satisfied. We had also been to this hotel twice on holiday. Coming back to our last point, 70% of the hotel is converted into a male student dormitory. This is by no means a place for a family vacation. Even by the pool, everyone plays music with their own sound cannon. The level has fallen in places. I regret that we spent part of our vacation here. Anyone with family should not come. 55. Yorum: This is our second stay at the hotel. Again, we preferred this hotel. Cairo, in the main restaurant, offers very good service, very attentive and pleasant employee. |Cleaning could be better. |Beautiful comfortable rooms. |The bar will always be restocked. 56. Yorum: The best hotel in Avsallar region. Animators 1000000% super Vildan, Ozlem, Eda and Fatih super super super the most fun, it was good to chat with them, they did their job excellently. The food was excellent. … 57. Yorum: Good evening everyone, We stayed in this hotel for the third time as a couple and in a group of 20 people for 8 days. In recent years we have appreciated the cleanliness and excellent service, which is why we chose this hotel again despite the high price. These benefits have always been related to costs. When we arrived as a couple, we were led into a dirty room. The shower smelled strongly of sewage, there were constant power cuts, the bathroom was very calcified and the balcony door was full of fingerprints. Visibly dirty areas such as the mirror and chrome fittings in the bathroom were particularly disturbing. We immediately complained about this to the reception. We were promised that the room would be thoroughly cleaned the next day, but this promise was not kept. It was only three days later that we were asked again for our satisfaction. Since everything was going as usual, the response was correspondingly poor. We were again promised that the room would be cleaned -> without success. The general condition of the hotel was appalling: obvious contamination was visible in all areas. The waiters often stood in groups of three next to our table and ignored us, preferring to chat among themselves. We even had to take care of the cutlery ourselves. The "new" tablecloths in both restaurants were mostly stained with food leftovers. Even outside the room the hotel gave a neglected impression and in no way met the 5 star standard. Unmotivated and hostile staff reinforced the negative impression. The hotel seemed seriously understaffed and the staff indifferent. The hotel is also a little further from the airport. This has not been a problem in the past as the excellent service justified the extra travel. But in this context, the journey is no longer worth it. Overall the hotel has lost a lot of quality and is in no way worth the increase in price. We have stayed in better 3 star hotels before. The price-quality ratio is no longer a given. Our criticisms were ridiculed. We are not ones to post our complaints online, but we want to prevent other potential customers from having such a disappointing stay. Not only do we share this opinion, but also the 20 people in our group. We cannot recommend this hotel in any way. Kind regards 58. Yorum: Unfortunately, it is not a relaxing vacation. Unfortunately, you can't get much for a lot of money. This is anything but a family hotel. It may have once been a family hotel. During our stay there were a lot of young people outside, many of them behaving in an antisocial manner... shameful. It was sometimes very noisy until 5am. The complaints were at least dealt with by the staff. However, it is the hotel's job to ensure order. There were power cuts every day. The bathrooms smelled very bad. The lobby was nice in itself but felt like a train station as people/large groups of young people were sitting there with jukeboxes. By far the worst hotel. Positive: The food was really good and the staff was very friendly. 59. Yorum: The hotel is clean, the room was cleaned every day. The hotel staff were nice, but some of the staff barely knew English - only Russian - which caused a problem with the booking at the …60. Yorum: It is a very nice hotel, cleanliness is very important here, the food is varied and you can always find something to eat in the afternoon it starts with a pizza, the staff responds to your wishes I can only say that everyone is there for you. 61. Yorum: Very difficult to rate this hotel. The hotel itself is not bad in my opinion. There is a nice pier, the swimming pool doesn't look bad either and the service is also a positive aspect. What is not nice, however, is the typical reservation of deckchairs at the swimming pool; you have to get up very early to get one. Also, the pier is beautiful, as described, but its shape, which resembles a small enclosed bay, collects a lot of dirt. You really don't want to go on windy days because a lot of plastic builds up and there's a disgusting film on the water. The biggest problem, like many others, is the large number of groups of men and, to a lesser extent, groups of women, which are characterized by an incredible lack of interest in their fellow men. As you walk across the footbridge you have about 5-10 different groups playing music loudly through their jukeboxes. There is a sign in an elevator that prohibits it, but these groups are not interested in it and the hotel does not prevent it in any way. What's even worse is that music can be heard in the rooms at any time of the day at a volume that fills the entire hotel with sound. We have already changed rooms once because the party continued several times in our neighboring room at 4am, probably after the disco had finished. Unfortunately, it's not better in the new room, it's even worse because of other additional noises at night. If you want to party in a group of young people, then this hotel is probably pretty good. If you just want a relaxing family or general vacation, everyone who still has the opportunity should cancel their vacation and book another hotel. 62. Yorum: We had a great vacation. I will definitely come back. The service, food, room quality are at its best. Additionally, there are plenty of activities by the pool or in the amphitheater in the evening that have … 63. Yorum: Overall, it was a vacation that we were very satisfied with. Gökhan and Johnny from the animation team were incredibly pleasant and entertaining. I can say that I will come back just for them. The rooms and entertainment were nice. The only problem was the food. If they improve it will be a much better hotel. Our rating is 8/10. It can definitely be preferred in terms of price and performance. 64. Yorum: My best friend and I chose this hotel because it had many positive reviews online and on social media and was very popular. Unfortunately, we were disappointed in many ways. Our trip started with problems: our flight was delayed by two hours and the subsequent transfer to the hotel was a disaster. The driver kept falling asleep during the ride, which was getting so dangerous that we eventually had to get off and take a taxi. Since we were two women traveling alone in the middle of the night, the situation was very scary. Even though this was beyond the hotel's control, it is certainly a big negative point for our travel agency TUI. Upon arrival, we immediately noticed that the room did not meet our expectations. However, after this stressful trip, we were too exhausted to deal with it any further, as the room seemed pretty decent at first glance. However, as the week progressed, we discovered some unpleasant details. A big problem was the behavior of the hotel staff, who were very aggressive, especially towards us, two German girls. On the first night we were pressured to leave a review for a hotel because the host said he would receive a €20 commission per review. We felt under pressure and had no way out of the situation. This probably explains the many positive reviews this hotel has received. Some employees were also extremely pushy and constantly flirted with us, asked us about our Instagram profile and wouldn't let go. Unfortunately, our room had some flaws. Although we had booked a garden view room, our window looked directly onto the hotel's noisy and unsightly air conditioning units. After a few days we also discovered an ant nest between our beds. The hotel staff responded quickly and sent a cleaning crew, but it still left us with an uneasy feeling. Finally, when we left, we also found a cockroach in the room. In addition, it was often very noisy at night because many young people were partying in the hotel, which significantly disrupted our desire for a relaxing holiday. Additionally, we were disturbed almost every night by loudly meowing cats, which made it seem like they were right in our room. The food at the hotel was initially varied, but after a few days it became monotonous as the dishes hardly varied. The servers were very friendly and accommodating at the beginning of our trip, but that changed as our stay progressed. When we refused to respond to flirtation attempts from some servers and refused to reveal our social media profiles, we were increasingly ignored. In summary, the resort is nice, but less suitable for families with children due to the high proportion of young people who do not always behave appropriately. Considering the price, we expected a lot more and would not book this hotel again. 65. Yorum: I am going there for the second time with my daughter. The first time I went there, it was very nice. I trusted him and went there for the second time, I just came back from there this year and I was totally uncomfortable with myself. My young daughter and the young Germans who came were extremely rude and disturbing. We regretted it when we went there with my daughter. The service was good, but these young Germans were very uncomfortable, they made a lot of noise at night. , we couldn't sleep, the hallways smelled of cigarette smoke, they ate and drank in the sea and polluted it, we couldn't swim, I don't even want to talk about the pool, people had cleaned their bathrooms, people were literally throwing up, it was horrible, the staff was very patient and well-mannered, I felt really sorry for them, I would like to thank the favorite lady in the lobby for her attention, I would like to thank Mr. Tayyip. the dining room and Mr. Thank you to the reception for your attention. We had a small problem and he solved it immediately. Thanks to him, we finished our vacation comfortably as far as the room was concerned. The hotel was very nice, but we were worried about the location. The young Germans were so rude and disturbing. 66. Yorum: The hotel is very nice, clean and the sea is warm, but at every meal we politely asked "Can we have a spoon?" "Can we have 1 plate?" When we say, there are two employees who say to go here to get it instead of bringing it. (Ömer and Gül) I gave the service a 1 because I experience the same thing at every meal. The waiters literally told me to go get it myself, which was a real disappointment to me. I only exclude Mrs. Aleyna, no matter what we asked, she helped us immediately with a smile. 67. Yorum: We came to the hotel yesterday with my 2 children. A high-end hotel. I have stayed in many hotels, but this place is so different. It's extremely clean everywhere. Even though we got a standard room at … 68. Yorum: I can say that the hotel services were perfect. The food, the waiter service, the organizations, the different activities were all very enjoyable.|I can say that we had so much fun, we didn't have … 69. Yorum: The rooms and service were incredibly good. The employees are really friendly and provide good service. My only criticism is that the food is always the same. This also poses problems in terms of taste. But it is a reasonable hotel where you can come with family. I advise you. I can say that the price and performance are good. My wife and I rate it 8/10. 70. Yorum: This is my first time staying at this hotel. The impressions remain rather good. The cleaning of the rooms is very good. And the numbers themselves too. The food is varied. The only thing in season is that there are no strawberries or seafood at all. This is probably the only drawback. But generally everything is a strong 4. 71. Yorum: I don't understand all these negative comments. The hotel is not deserted, nothing happens here and the food is not bad. We had an unforgettable party on the pier the second night here. The pier was full and everyone was having fun. Live music heated things up even more. The food is super tasty and varied. Everyone will find something to suit them here! The service is great! Everyone is incredibly friendly and has a smile on their face. Here, everyone really does everything they can to create a cozy atmosphere. Just the welcome on arrival! This view... Above all, a huge thank you to our favorite waiter Mehmet. Such a nice young man who does his job with heart. The hotel has a victory with him!! The fans were all great, especially we got along very well with Larisa! Thanks for that! We hate coming home! I can warmly recommend this hotel. Yes, the complex is not very big but it is very comfortable and familiar! Et! There are parties here and everyone joins in! We had a really great holiday! If you want to complain, you will always find something! What I would suggest: play more Turkish music. It was noticeable that everyone especially liked to rush to the dance floor whenever Turkish music was played. This is exactly the kind of music people want to hear in Türkiye. 72. Yorum: We stayed with my wife and 2 children for 4 nights and 5 days. Everything was perfect. We were very well received by security and reception at the entrance. The bartenders and kitchen staff were all very friendly and attentive. this wonderful stay. See you next year. 73. Yorum: Old, dirty and not worth 5 stars! We chose this hotel because of its attractive online presence (TikTok and YouTube) - big mistake. 2500€ for a week in ultra all inclusive and we are just disappointed. The hotel is very old and dilapidated. The rooms are a disaster - dirty and outdated. You definitely expect something different from a 5 star hotel. The food was a total disappointment. After the first day we both had stomach issues and have been battling bloating for the past three days. At one point we couldn't take it anymore and ate out for the rest of the day. Outrageous for the price and category! Entertainment side: no entertainment, except for a few occasional radios by the pool. In order to hear some music, we lay down on the end of the deckchairs to watch the party at the neighboring Granada Hotel, that says it all. We're not the only ones disappointed either: many guests we spoke to share our opinion. We fell for the perfectly staged videos, but unfortunately the reality is different. CONCLUSION: Old, dirty, bad food and no entertainment. €2,500 thrown out the window for a week! Clear advice: stay away! 74. Yorum: The hotel is also very good in terms of good service, food and drinks. But the expat hanzo is full. They walk around swearing left and right. I don't think they came with their families. Without this, everything would be fine. 75. Yorum: We were at the hotel to relax. My conclusion about this hotel is not for families with children or couples over 40 looking for peace and relaxation. This is a hotel for young people who want to party from morning until late at night. The music they play is extremely loud, starting at 9am and continuing until midnight, every day, with no consideration for the guests. Impossible to fall asleep before midnight because the loud music doesn't turn off until midnight, especially techno music that makes your ears explode. Anyone with a sea view in front will be tormented until midnight. As for the restaurant and the waiters, the food is very tasty and varied and the waiters are very kind and try to make the customers happy. The beach is small, about 50 meters wide and the nearly 150 sun loungers are so close together that it is impossible to have any privacy. You might think that all the guests are lying on top of each other. Also, almost half of the umbrellas are defective, no one takes care of the repair, even if you talk about it, it's a nice conversation. The outdoor chairs on the terrace of the main restaurant are also mostly broken. In one case the screws even protruded 2 mm and I injured myself. The staff that works at the pool don't care at all if the kids bring plates full of food to the pool and eat it there and half of it flies around the pool, same goes for drinks and no one cares. Some German teenagers brought Jägermeister and Redbull with them from the airport. Although it is strictly forbidden to consume this type of drink, no employee was bothered by it, so the drunks rioted during the night and we were torn from ours. sleep and had to go to reception at 3am. There were no consequences and everything continued as before. Moreover, almost 30% of the guests are young Russians and just come to party. I could write about this hotel for hours but I think this is enough. Our conclusion about this hotel: If you are looking for a party and loud music, this is the place for you! If you just want to party all day, you've come to the right place! It's more of a nightclub than a hotel! Families or couples with or without children looking for peace and relaxation on holiday are not in good hands here. These are all my experiences that I have had with my partner. It is up to each person to decide whether they want to spend their holidays there. I will avoid this hotel myself in the future. 76. Yorum: Overall a very nice hotel, we will remember it positively, the rooms were clean, daily cleaning, towel change etc., there were some drawbacks, for example the dirty toilets by the pool, the food was a bit monotonous, it's always the same. at that time the room mini bar had to be restocked daily, unfortunately during a week stay they restocked it 2x. In my opinion there are no more disadvantages, the rest are only advantages, 77. Yorum: We are now back home and we are really happy about it. Take your time and read it This hotel has been highly praised on social media even though it is not true. The rooms are very old, the wallpaper is already peeling. The bathroom mirror is already falling apart. We don't expect a new part, but at least such small things shouldn't be there. The minibar has never been restocked for us and probably never will be. Once empty, no luck. Drinks come out of the tap with smelly water, which can of course be crushed with a lemon. Cocktails are made with syrup, it doesn't taste good. The alcohols are manufacturers that I have never seen in my life. The animation team is more interested in partnerships, the boys are where the women are. The long-haired animation manager is really very disrespectful, he insults the animators in the most violent way in Turkish so that no one understands. Constantly approaches women, whether they are taken or not. The food is the same every day and has no taste. The chefs are trying hard but without taste. Forget about the listless, tasteless grills. But what we found great were the Gözleme, Lahmacun and Pide down at the snack bar. The service staff is very accommodating and super friendly. Especially Ali at the restaurant. The atmosphere of the hotel is more like that of the 60s, there is no party atmosphere. The music is a huge mess, sometimes the 80s come on then the Turkish Halay and then Abba again etc... This is about the party on the pier. The music in Granada in the afternoon is very good. Dear management, you really need to change a lot. There is no point in sending animators and staff out to get good reviews. I saw it with my own eyes! The hosts want your cell phone to leave a review, which we immediately refused! When we left, we were neither said goodbye nor asked if everything was okay. It shows you the value you have here, other than leaving money behind. Thanks for nothing! 78. Yorum: My 3rd visit to the hotel, I fully recommend it, from the entertainment to the food and the cleanliness. Even though we tried a few different hotels, we cancelled the reservation and came here again and again. I … 79. Yorum: For example, right now; I've been waiting for toothpaste for an hour. Why is toothpaste not renewed when rooms are cleaned? Room cleaning is poor, reception service is disgraceful. Unfortunately, I have never seen such a disgrace in the service sector before. Also; They don't refill the minibar without asking. We were incredibly disappointed with this hotel we chose given all the positive reviews. 80. Yorum: I stayed at Azura Hotel for the first time with my sister. We liked it very much, we immediately felt very comfortable. The staff were always courteous and friendly. Our room was clean. The food was delicious. I would particularly like to thank Ms. Gülsah, Mr. Hüseyin (chef de cuisine) et Gözde (serveuse). They are doing a great job! 81. Yorum: I actually stayed at a hotel nearby and the music and bass was so loud you could literally hear it from at least 500m away. The music was played until midnight, it was horrible. Don't go there if you want to sleep peacefully. I feel sorry for the people who sleep in the hotel. 82. Yorum: In my opinion, the sea makes up for the hotel's shortcomings. The sea is really beautiful, clean, without waves. The servers are doing their job well. The animation is very bad, in my opinion it is very lacking, very weak, the sounds of the animations of the Granada hotel next door sounded better, we left Azura, we were literally attentive to the Granada hotel. I also found the toilets very, very dirty, they smell foul, they installed a TV, people look at each other every time they enter, we should give some importance to hygiene rather than to the TV. It was not a wowwww hotel for me, it deserves 4 stars, not 5. 83. Yorum: The hotel is super well organized. There are different sections for children and adults. The entertainment offers excellent activities. The rooms have beautiful decorations every day on the bed. Sofia from the Gueyt relationship is a really sweet girl. 🤗🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 … 84. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and 4 days for Ramadan holidays. We were there early in the morning on the 2nd day of Eid. They told us we had to wait until the room was vacated and cleaned. Mrs. Nalan at the front desk had it cleaned promptly and offered us one of the nicest rooms. The holiday had already started and we took breakfast to our room, but there was not much left. Even though we had a question mark in our minds, the lunch and dinner were extraordinary. I would particularly like to congratulate the entire kitchen team. Among these, I also congratulate the friend who prepared omelettes in the pita bread and oven section. They worked with great dedication. The rooms were cleaned daily and the quality of food and drink was very good. There's no way you're going to be hungry. There was food even at 3am. Although the evening soup was a bit mediocre, the other dishes were very good. The beach and pools are very beautiful and suitable for families. The animation team works well and with dedication. Also, it was not very good that the children's animation group asked them to give positive comments after each program. The waiters and their staff are very kind and friendly. We had a great holiday. We will return. Thank you to the entire Azura Delux 85 team. Yorum: SIR, IF YOU ARE LIKE ME CHOOSING A HOTEL BY LOOKING AT THE REVIEWS, PLEASE READ MY FRIEND, THE CLEANING OF THE HOTEL IS AMAZING, YOU CAN HAVE IT CLEANED EVERY DAY, THERE IS NOT A SINGLE NON STAFF, THEY ARE ALL SMILING AND CAREFUL, THE FLOOR PRESENTER MR. YASIN FROM DIYARBAKIR, IS VERY INTERESTED, THE SECOND DAY IS OFFICIAL MR. SEFA İNAN RECEIVED INFORMATION FROM US ABOUT OUR SATISFACTION, MY 6 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER NEVER GOT BORED, THERE WAS A MINI CHILDREN'S CLUB FUN AND ACTIVITIES EVERY DAY, THEY WERE INCREDIBLY INTERESTED, LET'S COME TO THE CHEF OF THE RESTAURANT HÜSEYİN BEY, IS IT A BAD TASTE IN A CUISINE I SWEAR THERE WILL BE NO MARKS IN THE WORD, EVERYTHING WAS A LOT OF VARIETY AND WONDERFUL, ALSO THE. THE PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER, Ms. MEHTAP, WAS INTERESTED AND SOLUTION-ORIENTED, THE POOL IS CLEAN AND MORE THAN ENOUGH, THE AQUA PARK IS VERY ENOUGH FOR CHILDREN, THE ALA CARTE RESTAURANT EMPLOYEES, MR. ERDINÇ AND HIS OTHER FRIENDS THEY WERE VERY WELL ACCOMMODATED AND THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT I THINK THE CHEF WAS THE NEPHEW OF THE MAIN CHEF OF THE RESTAURANT, HIS HAND WAS DELICIOUS AND THE PRESENTATION WAS SUPERB, IT'S A HOTEL BY THE BEACH, THE EVENING ENTERTAINMENT IS SUPERB, THE ROOMS ARE SUPER CLEAN, I WILL SAY I NEVER MADE THIS LONG REVIEW BUT THIS HOTEL IS WORTH IT, SEE YOU SOON CONGRATULATIONS FOR YOUR GUIDE AND THE COMMITMENT WE DO IT, HMM ALSO THE PHOTOGRAPHER IS HIKMET, I WOULDN'T REMEMBER HIS NAME EXACTLY, HE IS NUMBER TEN, HE IS A GOOD PERSON, WE THANK YOU TOO... CONTINUE WITHOUT REDUCING QUALITY... 86. Yorum: We experienced power and water outages during our 4 day vacation. Don't look for flavor in food The biggest problem is not a family hotel The majority of people staying are single and Syrian nationals. You can't even imagine why they came there and what kind of discomfort they caused. This is not a hotel where you can go with your family. 87. Yorum: The hotel service, food, staff, cleanliness, sea are very pleasant and satisfactory, the activities and entertainment are also very good, and it is a hotel that can be preferred again and again, where my wife and I stayed for the second time between 07-11 June 2024. We would particularly like to thank Mr. Oğuzhan at the reception for his kindness and interest🙏 88. Yorum: I have nothing to say about the room and the location of the hotel, but the food was really not good at all! We ate the same food every day and I wish some of the hotel staff were a little friendlier! And if you want to feel like you're in Germany, you can go there without thinking. I've only seen Arizona lizards, honestly I've never seen anything like this in my life. 89. Yorum: This is our first time here as a family, I don't have a word to say. My daughter came last year, she came back this year and recommended it to us, but I hope the services will. keep it up. The staff deserves more. Above all Johnny was very helpful and made me happy, thank you Johnny. I can say that I think the hotel management should appreciate this, they spend a lot of time on it. 90. Yorum: Very nice and clean hotel, the food was very good, the service was also excellent, there are no flaws, I would recommend it to everyone if a restaurant is closed there is another place to eat, so the … 91. Yorum: We stayed for 4 nights during the Eid al-Adha holidays. If I had to give information about the hotel under a few headings, Sea and Beach: The sea water temperature was very good, there is a beach which is not very … 92. Yorum: Super awesome! I love the hotel and the service is super awesome!❤️❤️ The pools are great, as is the beach. The food is very delicious and there is a lot of choice! 👌 The shows every night are very surprising and you can see many things you have never seen before! Amazing hotel!!! … 93. Yorum: A wonderful hotel, "Azura Deluxe". The staff is very kind, helpful, they understand everything right away, speak all languages. The beach is good, there are enough deckchairs. abundance: meat, vegetables, sweets. Il … 94. Yorum: The location is nice, the shopping area right next door. Unfortunately the food is disappointing, with the exception of the a la carte restaurant. |The hotel guests were sometimes rude and noisy. |The bar and restaurant staff are very friendly and accommodating. 95. Yorum: I went there once, then I sent my daughter there. The hotel is worth the price we pay, the service, food, rooms, cleanliness at the best possible level. 96. Yorum: Nice clean hotel. Just opposite is the Avsallar Bazar and offers plenty of shopping opportunities. Clean hotel complex and rooms. The staff always tries to meet your requests. You can communicate well in English. Activities take place daily and are varied. There is a spa area in the hotel where you can also book massages. Deducted one star for service as some servers don't really follow the restaurant when it comes to drinks and replenishing tables. Beach and pool loungers are also limited. 97. Yorum: The hotel is ok, aimed more at young people who want to party and not at families with children. The employees are not very friendly. The food could be better. 98. Yorum: Azura, which we chose for our honeymoon, really exceeded our expectations. The rooms are clean and spacious, the food and drinks are extremely delicious, the staff is attentive and friendly, thank you very much for everything. 99. Yorum: Very nice establishment, super friendly, clean rooms, the refrigerator is stocked daily, food for everyone. Not too crowded beach. The only drawback is that 10 percent are German and the rest are foreigners. But the hotel is 100 recommended. Yorum: This is our second stay at this hotel, it is highly recommended. The Menegers are very attentive and the service staff is even more attentive, very friendly and helpful. The food is very varied and delicious. The pools are clean and well maintained. The rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. The beach is a very fine sand beach. WiFi works perfectly everywhere. In short, we enjoyed the second Horaires at Azura Luxury Hotel and Spa. This will certainly not be the last time. 101. Yorum: Rooms are great⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Cleanliness and maintenance are great👍🏻⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Animation is also top 1 A quality (memo, yusuf and Özden are the best animators)⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ The food tastes really delicious, with something for everyone every day👍🏻 Pool, sea and activities are very good⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ I didn't know what to do. So that other people can get an impression of my vacation and my experience in advance. Thanks to all the workers for their efforts, congratulations to you⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Special thanks to Memo, Yusuf and Özden from the animation team for the entertainment. Thanks to Gözde and Gamze who work on the terrace for their sweet service❤️ Thanks to Aleyna and her twin brother in the catering service❤️❤️❤️ A big thank you to my Pizza Man from the Snack Bar⭐️⭐️⭐️ A big thank you to the master chefs⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ The owner of the hotel is from Kayseri, he is a compatriot, thank you for your efforts⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 102. Yorum: The hotel is nice, but the small shops in the hotel are really boring. The photographer arrives at the children's pool with a parrot in his hand. If you are a local tourist, they will consider you poor. If he doesn't take a picture of your child, he will take it reluctantly. Because local tourists are free. Then he will scold you and leave. You silence your child's cries. Do not allow parrots into the business. If you do, check it out. I have no objection to photos taken on the pier, but it would be useful to teach your photo operator some manners. The staff is friendly. The food is not bad. The cleaning is good. There are not enough deckchairs. 103. Yorum: Wonderful hotel. Pleasant, smiling and helpful staff. Very clean. Rooms are cleaned daily, towels and sheets are changed. The spa is amazing. Mrs. Inna at the Spa reception is very committed, helpful and always smiling. Mrs. Sahiste - a wonderful woman. The massage she does is amazing. Merci 104. Yorum: We have just returned from a holiday at your hotel and we are very satisfied. High level service, both in the lobby, in the restaurant and by the pool. You can communicate in multiple languages ​​without any problems. The rooms are clean, the maids change the towels every day and the sheets are clean. Daily attractions for children and adults. The food is very good, everyone will find something to their liking. An added bonus is that after dinner you can always grab something to eat in a restaurant that is open 24 hours a day, any time of the night. I think we will definitely get back to you. 105. Yorum: Hello, this is my first time at the hotel.|I liked everything, the service is good, it is tidy and cleaned every day.|A lot of shows and right on the beach, nice location and nice people.|The food was also very good I can't complain | Everything is fine 106. Yorum: We are very satisfied. Except the cleaning ladies. We have a room across from their offices. It's impossible to go and rest in the afternoon. A thud, the clatter of trolleys, the ringing of the telephone, followed by calls from the cleaning service. Conversations between them. I mention the cleaning lady. Otherwise everything is perfect. I don't know if we'll come back. 107. Yorum: You are greeted by security personnel and escorted to your room. Although the beach is a bit small, we had no trouble finding a spot at the Havux and the poolside activities are very enjoyable. Cuisines from different countries are successfully presented. are delicious. The server Mrs. Gül and all the other servers The employees, the friendly employees whose names I don't know, standing by the grill, the staff who sincerely want to help, and the interest and concern for customer satisfaction, especially Coni. and his friends, in almost all events are admirable. Thank you all. 108. Yorum: Actually, it's a very nice hotel and a great location. Unfortunately the sea is very dirty with straws, cups etc. the beautiful pier is closed at the bottom and so the sea water is there! We went to the sea at the hotel next door. This is not a family hotel, lots of groups of young men partying there 24/7! It's a shame about this hotel 109. Yorum: Everything was excellent - food, staff, service ❤️❤️❤️❤️We were surprised how organized everything is, everyone is very helpful. The service is really exciting! And the room service was very good! We are glad we chose this hotel! 🥰🥰 🥰🥰🥰 … 110. Yorum: First of all, I absolutely do not recommend it. The hotel staff is partly friendly, partly grumpy. The food is really not good at all. The food always consists of fish, turkey and chicken. He grills the fish, cooks the chicken on it, and the fish smells, it's not raw, hit it quickly, it's done late, I absolutely do not recommend it, the animation is always aimed at foreigners and their children, they are constantly making announcements in foreign languages, as I said, your night speaks to you either in German or in English, I say I'm Turkish, you are there. They say what are you doing? 111. Yorum: The hotel is good, the food is good, the food could be improved a little in terms of variety and taste, the waiters are very good, they can handle everything, Ms. Tatyana from guest relations helped us a lot from the day we arrived at the hotel, we thank her, she solved our plane problems immediately, every hotel should have employees who know their job, in general, I recommend it, also the pool and the beach Very clean, we did not lack sunbeds even though. the hotel was full. 112. Yorum: First of all, you can't find a hotel like this for these prices. They have a wonderfully attentive staff and do whatever is necessary to make you comfortable without boring you. The food is delicious, I think the variety of food is good. the hotel is clean and if you look at any place for 5 minutes you will definitely see a cleaning staff. The entertainment is very good every evening. You can watch it to see what it's like and really enjoy it. I stayed there for 5 days. There wasn't even a grumpy staff. I can say that this is the best address to spend a peaceful and pleasant family vacation without being scammed. 113. Yorum: Well, first of all, I don't understand the negative recessions that exist here. With few reasons to give the hotel a particularly poor rating, I think to myself "TYPICALLY GERMAN!! "We stayed there as a family and would book again anytime. German holidaymakers were very popular. Some of the staff speak German. Otherwise, you can communicate in English (with the world language). The service is really great. I only met friendly staff there, not unfriendly ones. The welcome was great. The rooms are very clean. The minibar and safe in the room are FREE. The minibar drinks were sachets of Cola, Fanta, Sprite, water and drinks. It was filled every day without asking for anything. We talked about a figure on the bed almost every day. Regarding the installation, you can remove water and ayran from the refrigerators at any time. You can have coffee and tea in the machine. Ice creams are available from 2pm to 4pm. Then there are homemade pizzas at lunchtime. The cocktails are very good. The facilities and pools were very clean. The only downside is that the pool floor is very slippery. Some people write here that it is noisy. I don't know what some people mean by loud, but I didn't find it loud at all. The volume of the music was pleasant and not disturbing at all. The complex is barrier free, there is a lift for wheelchair users and pushchairs that goes down to access the beach. The beach is not huge, but it is sufficient and clean. On the pier you will also find a snack bar and plenty of sun loungers. The entertainment for the children was great... What I didn't like were the animators. They seemed very bored and almost always did the same program throughout the day. Every evening there was a different show, with dancers or acrobats. What everyone should know is that you can see in the photos (before booking) that the hotel lights up in bright colors in the evening (until 11pm). But there are curtains in the room ;) The food was always plentiful and there was something for everyone. Of course, at some point it's usually the same thing, but that didn't bother me. Overall it was tasty. And yes, you had to add salt or pepper to certain things, so what? There are children or adults who cannot eat spicy foods. There is salt and pepper on the table. The service here was always very attentive and friendly. Very open-minded, especially towards children. There are shopping opportunities across the street. There is a bridge or underpass here to get to the other side of the street. We can only recommend this hotel in Wärmsteins. It's really beautiful there. 114. Yorum: Responsive and cheerful staff, I recommend!!! Wonderful coffee, delicious food, clean dishes in the restaurant... Interesting interior, comfortable pier, plenty of sun loungers... Delicious beers and ice creams.|Changed room after request, didn't like the view from the balcony. 115. Yorum: Excellent compact hotel |Excellent service!|Varied food, very tasty |We visited the hotel for the second time and did not regret it!|Very good hotel with friendly staff, clean sea, beach of … 116. Yorum: A superb location, quality service, very helpful 5 star cuisine. At the lobby bar I had a bad experience with a nervous bartender named Ibrahim, if you asked for an extra drink he would get nervous and jumpy. Otherwise the other employees were exceptional we were treated very well. The sea was a bit dirty but everything else was exceptional. Thanks to the staff at Azura Deluxe. 117. Yorum: I am currently writing from room 1733. The hotel staff, all kinds of services, food and drinks, everything is great, the only problem is that the repertoire of songs has been the same for years, they are quite old, there is no innovation, they sing it to those who want a piece, it is so funny that there is not even a plum branch, we heard this at the Pier party tonight listening from afar 😂 Instead of showing useless entertainment, I wish those who are interested in the organization of the evening would add current foreign Turkish music. It was the same when we came 3 years ago. The same people always go out to have fun. However, we were able to enjoy ourselves from the balcony with the music of. the hotel next door, it was so current, lively, and even with Turkish music, foreigners were having a good time, apart from DJ Sercan, it's okay, it's old-fashioned, it's old foreign languages, some Turkish languages, and it's. it's the same thing every day, but people want to have fun, after all, I hope they understand and change... 118. Yorum: The hotel room is not clean and is not cleaned properly. Otherwise everything is fine. More suitable for families and people who like peace and quiet. 119. Yorum: We booked 2 rooms for 5 people. Unfortunately the hotel was disappointing. We read the reviews everywhere beforehand and also saw many videos about it on TikTok, where the hotel was also highly praised in the comments. Unfortunately, I don't understand the good rating of the hotel... Or maybe the facilitators push you to write a good note and don't leave until you write that note. Room: The room was clean at first glance. The housekeepers were also super nice and cleaned everything as best they could. However, there were red spots on the toilet seat that were already burnt. The grout lines in the shower are already yellowed and slightly moldy. Ants also kept coming into the room (bathroom, bed, table) from somewhere even though cleaning was in progress. Plus, all 5 of us had a new rash every day, from head to toe. And it didn't smell particularly good in the room, especially after cleaning. It still smelled like old rags. Overall, the room has fallen into disrepair over time. There were exactly the same problems in our second room. There is a bird's nest in the corner of the balcony, but it is in every room, which I was able to observe from the pool. These birds constantly fly over the entire facility and sometimes make you notice them. And their droppings are everywhere else (including in the pool). Beach: The beach was beautiful. Bird droppings were also found on some of them, but they were clean on the pier. Food: The food is really varied and there is something for everyone. There was always something to eat from morning until 5 p.m. You just have to orient yourself a little to find all the bars and restaurants. Service: Most of the staff were friendly. The waiters were also very kind and attentive. So overall the hotel, especially the rooms, needs to be renovated and I can only recommend it if you don't pay too much attention to the negative points mentioned and hygiene is not the priority. 120. Yorum: Return Trip from May 18 to May 25, 2024 Positive: Very clean rooms, very clean facilities Attentive staff, always doing their best, always very helpful Very clean beach, good quality water Food was good, maybe too much stew, would have liked more vegetable platters Cocktail quality could have been better, but ok Entertainment at parties was very good, great team at departure who encouraged people to party Negative: Layover from airport to hotel and also on return at a scam tourist stop, Latvian chips for 4 euros, freshly squeezed orange juice 0.3 for 9 euros Room was too noisy for me (I have tinnitus, I have hearing loss at night), I couldn't sleep with the window open. When I requested a new room, my request was NOT followed up (the hotel occupancy rate after consultation was 60%). The hotel reception was not ready to help immediately, alternative options were reviewed on the computer. I was told I would have to apply again in the next few days. It's unbelievable that I have to run after the hotel, no one comes to me from the hotel anymore. Very low for a 5 star hotel. The music at the parties was too geared towards young people, too much tech house and modern house music, no universal house music for the over 40s. No disco house, too bad. Absolutely negative: Animation Manager Özden is very unpleasant. I immediately noticed that he was flirting badly with a woman who was traveling alone with her children. Original sound from Özden, my German is so good because I slept with many great guests It has nothing to do with being funny or cheerful anymore. Absolutely outrageous behavior well below the belt. Apparently there were already complaints about him in our time. In any case, after a complaint, he went to our friend's house (a single mother, whom he had harassed several times) in the evening and verbally threatened her if she said or said anything about him. He also grabbed her hair. What invasive behavior. This guy should never do this job. Overall the holiday was ok so far, but not exceptional, I was on holiday with my daughter. Are we coming back again? I don't know. 121. Yorum: The hotel is a complete disaster. The rooms stink. I have a house dust allergy and even though I asked them to clean the room because it smells and is dirty and I have an allergy, they did not. We were also deceived by the climate. We were told it couldn't get colder than 23 degrees (which is a joke given the temperatures). We then discovered that it gets even colder if you do it from the computer. Even then, we had to fight our way through. But the best joke was yet to come: two of our friends wanted to come and called to see if they could come as visitors. They were told "no problem at all" even when we asked at reception it shouldn't be a problem. at all. As a result, the friends drove away for 8 hours in a rental car + rented a guesthouse because the hotel told them they were allowed to come. When the day came, we informed the reception and they told us that it was not possible. If you said that from the beginning it would not be a problem at all but we had everything organized and paid for, then something like this?! This doesn't work at all. They will hear my lawyer!!! Has already been forwarded to the lawyer. The conversations were all recorded and I will not give up until the person is fired and we get back the money we spent on compensation because we were told visitors were allowed!!!! NEVER AGAIN. IT WAS ANYTHING BUT A RELAXING HOLIDAY!!!! 122. Yorum: The hotel is perfectly located and easily accessible directly by the expressway, unfortunately the hotel is quite old and the room is nice, but the cosmetics in the bathroom cabinet were not refilled and there were only empty packages. It was not cleaned properly either, only superficially, that is, the bed was made... Dusty ground, see photo, a bit disappointing compared to 2 years ago. We had a bird's nest on the balcony. see photo and on the other balcony with sea view there were even 3. Upon closer inspection, it was on every balcony. The food was good and the choice was varied, unfortunately we had a huge cockroach next to us wandering around the table. See photo, we were quite scared. Overall we are quite disappointed even though the service is very helpful after our complaint. Completely forgotten when we arrived, the room smelled of cannabis 123. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel for 11 days and was completely satisfied! I have been to Turkey 3 times before by the sea in 5 star hotels and I can say that this hotel overall was the best so far! The swimming pool is right next to the hotel and there are stairs leading directly to the beach. Location: The hotel is in a typical coastal location, popular with some. The hotel is occupied. By car you drive about 25 minutes to Alanya city center. Tip: There is a bus station directly on the expressway from the hotel. The bus makes 3.4 stops to the city center, which is about half an hour. The ticket costs only 50 lire. The bus runs every 10 minutes during the day and every 30 minutes at nightfall. The bus service runs until 11:30 p.m. Otherwise you pay around €30 for a taxi ride from the hotel to the city. Swimming: The loungers at the pool sell out pretty quickly, but there's always plenty of room on the beach! The beach is exclusively a sandy beach and to no longer be able to stand in the water, you only have to take a few steps! , which I personally find very pleasant. Eat: At the buffet you will find all kinds of salads and dressings. Baked, fried, smoked, deep-fried and raw fish are available daily. Unfortunately, the squid was only available cooked. Otherwise, there is also a lot of meat and for dinner there is always fish, vegetables and meat fresh from the grill. Every other evening there is a theme evening: Turkish, Asian, Italian, etc. The meal usually lasts about 2 hours. But you can also come 10 minutes before the buffet closes and eat in peace without being pressured by the staff to finish eating. Server: Servers usually know basic English and German, which is more than enough to communicate. They are attentive, helpful and friendly! Room Service: The room was really clean when we arrived. Housekeeping is done every day, even if you don't leave the room until around 3 p.m., for example. The only downside: to turn on the air conditioning you have to go to the wall, there is no remote control. Otherwise, all sockets and the hair dryer work with 2 setting levels! It is also a little higher quality than other hotels. Snacks: The pool bar serves cocktails and alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks until 6 p.m. Right next door you can take small bottles of water out of the fridge at any time. There are also ice creams, waffles with various toppings, fresh pizzas and lahmacun in between. You can serve yourself here until 6 p.m. There is another snack bar on the beach where you can eat typical dishes such as hamburgers with fries, chicken with rice, kofta, spaghetti, etc. Fruits are always provided: watermelons, sweet melons, bananas and apples. It's just a shame that the beach snack bar is unfortunately only open until 4pm. 124. Review: Hotel Seper 👍 !!!!! Very well located, right by the sea. Friendly staff. Correct room. 2 hours drive from the airport, a bit long, but the atmosphere makes up for it!!! Delicious and varied cuisine !!!!!!!! Hot in July, 😁😁😁 but nice… 125. Yorum: Cleanliness, safety, service, atmosphere and politeness are very important here! Very nice hotel. Short distances to the pier and beach. Enjoy your food. The bar is open until 5am. The sea water is crystal clear and suitable for snorkeling. Shopping is possible at the hotel and there is a mega-large shopping arcade opposite the hotel. You will be happy to come back here a second time. 126. Comment: 1. The rooms are spacious and the cleanliness is very good. 2. The dining options are very reasonable and very delicious. 3. Too many types of drinks 4. swimming pool very close to the sea 5. The pier is particularly magnificent. So this is a great hotel for a clean and tidy holiday in a very good location. The employees don't tire you out and are very friendly and smiling. We are currently at the hotel and we cannot use the pool much because the sea is cold, but I clearly say that I will definitely return during the season. It is a hotel where you can easily come without worrying. The rooms with sea view are magnificent by the way 127. Yorum: This is my second time here and I am delighted. The property and rooms are well maintained and clean. The food is excellent. The program is incredible, you never get bored. 128. Yorum: The food was a disaster. Lots of choice but no taste. Hygiene was also poor. The only thing that was satisfactory was the service. We save too many things. The system works well, but some are broken and need to be replaced. The room was also very small even though we booked a Leon economy room. 129. Yorum: Friendly staff, clean rooms, a family friendly hotel. The entertainment team is very interested in children. Thanks to Ms. Bediş & Cansu. 130. Yorum: The hotel is amazing and very beautiful!😍 The service is great!👍 You don't have time to eat and the empty dishes or glasses are immediately taken away🙂 really cool guys. The food is new every day. There is really something to choose from 🤗 Very good location. In front of the market and pharmacies. The only downside is that around 7am all the sunbeds by the pool are taken and people occupy them all day, even if they are not at the pool all day🙄🫣 Thank you Azura Deluxe❤️❤️❤️ 131. Yorum: No window or air conditioning in the toilets. Otherwise nice room, side. Sea view as booked. Friendly staff, nice hotel. Hamam and massage for an extra charge (very expensive) also Unfortunately the photographer is much too expensive 132. Yorum: THE FIRST AND LAST TIME I didn't know if I was in a partner portal or a meeting place. My family and I felt very uncomfortable and the hygiene of the room was a complete disaster. My husband had to sleep on the couch, even though we had booked a family room. and complained but their response manager wouldn't eat at home, it was always the same, the only thing I would call very good was the waiters and the entertainment, every penny is a shame to spend 133. Yorum: This goes out to everyone who gave 1 star either you have sunstroke or your nose is so high that you are looking for every speck of dust because this hotel is great, yes there are very young people here but where aren't they and even if they are then they are there There are so many options the hotel offers something new almost every hour with activities. The food here is also excellent. Lots of little workers rush around carrying whatever comes after you. are also available free of charge in all corners of the hotel itself. Bottled water is available on the beach, the many bars have plenty of choice, of course these cocktails are pure sugar like in all all inclusive hotels but who forces you to drink that so to all the 1 star reviewers, you almost ruined the best holiday I had last time. It's been 10 years, so please stay in other hotels and don't offend people who want a relaxed vacation. Top Top Top I'm happy. 134. Yorum: Very nice hotel nice location upscale family establishment clean at night still every year 135. Comment: Personnel irresponsible. Without considering the seriousness of the situation. The rooms were cleaned averagely. Mediocre food. I recommend Granada behind the so-called fence. The rooms are of a high standard and so are the staff. I was in Granada and I really recommend it! Azura... dirty public toilets, dirty cutlery, glasses, etc. Bad animation, towels need replacing. The bedding leaves something to be desired! I found some hair... someone else's. 136. Yorum: We were amazed at how much of a 5 star hotel this hotel is. There are no glass cups in the huge hotel I stayed in either. It's a shame I couldn't find any other glass than plastic cups. 137. Yorum: It started with an unpleasant incident, but then thanks to the manager, he did his best to make our holiday enjoyable, but drastic changes had to be made. 138. Yorum: This is now my 4th day at the hotel. I have spent holidays in many hotels, I liked this place very much. We were worried when we arrived, we weren't going during the season, wondering if there would be any disruption. The rooms and their furniture are new, the food is varied and delicious, the swimming pools are sufficient, the night entertainment is successful... I would like to highlight a few things in particular; The kids club and its team were very successful, it was the best I have ever seen, my 7 year old daughter always participated with pleasure. Also, the snack bar near the beach was very successful, the table service and the service. the dishes served were successful, the waiters were always friendly and helpful, I emphasize it again, the last The best snack bar level that I have seen for 5 years.. It's not significant enough to stop me from giving five points, but the hotel management needs to do something about the variety and quality of pizza and ice cream, they don't suit this hotel. If we consider these two details, it is definitely one. successful hotel. 139. Yorum: Very nice hotel. The first thing I would like to mention is that techno music is not played here all day and night. I found the shouting of the host from the neighbouring hotel more annoying. And actually it was noisy all day (because the reviews had scared me a bit). The music ends at midnight and the hotel lights go out as well. Otherwise, it wouldn't be a bad thing since there are curtains to darken the rooms. If you close your balcony door, you will hardly hear the music anymore. Don't be fooled by reviews that claim the noise is unbearable here all day long. This is not true at all. Rooms are cleaned daily. The food is varied and delicious. The first day I was a little overwhelmed by the variety and choice. There is something for everyone. The only thing that bothered me a little was that the sausages and cheese were not kept cold as it is still very hot here. The staff is very friendly. There was only one exception at the reception. When we arrived, the young man was not as friendly and warm as we are used to in Türkiye. But everyone was very nice and accommodating. Despite the hotel's ban, the deckchairs are reserved early in the morning. It's boring and sometimes some people can't do it all day. But overall a dream vacation. We recommend this hotel 100% and with a clear conscience. 2024 And here we are again. What can I say, everything is perfect again. The sun loungers have been increased so that a morning reservation is no longer necessary. High..... Of course we will come back in October 😉😊 140. Yorum: We come from another hotel, this is definitely a very good hotel, the staff is very attentive, the quality of the food is very good, the rooms are very clean, it is a hotel where you can go with your eyes closed. 141. Yorum: Very nice hotel, I can recommend it to everyone. We are a family of 4 and we are happy to have chosen the Azura Hotel. All the employees are super nice and the employee. 142. Yorum: We came as a family to spend a holiday during the Ramadan holiday. I can say that the hotel is really nice, clean, the food, the friendly staff, it is a place to come back to again and again.🌸 I would like to … 143. Yorum: I was next to the hotel. But Uncle Google won't leave me alone. He always asks me to write it down, that's why I write. What I noticed and they had very, very good animation. I also had the opportunity to go in and take a look. Everything was really neat. 144. Yorum: The hotel was well above our expectations. The food, the cleanliness of the rooms, the entertainment team, especially the attention of our teachers at the mini club and the night shows were very nice. This is a very good hotel… 145. Yorum: Bad staff spina on the beach service none all bad themselves drunks russians mess out of 5 stars i would give 3 food always the same all bad 146. Yorum: the hotel is great I like everything, the food is good and the whole hotel is very clean the entertainers are really lovely especially Larisa, Diana and Johnny. They bring so much positive energy and good vibes. Azura is the most beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 147. Yorum: Nice hotel, friendly, helpful staff We had a very nice holiday here. The food is good, sufficient and varied. Thank you for this good time. 148. Yorum: Very well maintained and clean hotel. The employees are very friendly and accommodating. We would love to come back.👍 149. Yorum: Great hotel, nice staff, good food, you really feel good here and can relax well. 150. Yorum: The location and rooms were very clean and nice. Lots of activities for adults and children. Very nice for children. The problem with the rooms is only the doors, because a lot of noise comes from outside. 151. Yorum: I have no complaints, the employees of this hotel are very hardworking, kudos to them! 152. Yorum: A luxurious hotel, very friendly and knowledgeable staff, beautiful air-conditioned rooms, very nice pool area, highly recommended. Really hot this time of year 🔥 153. Yorum: The so-called external security was very disrespectful. Staff (only women) friendly if not very unpleasant. Eat normally, even my brother cooks the same thing every day better, nothing special. The reception staff are untrustworthy, strange. The workers' reception bins are unusable. I think the room has only been cleaned once so far, if not never again... Not recommended after only 2 days I wanted to go home. 154. Yorum: I have been to this hotel twice, I was so impressed, I would come back again and again, everything is great, there is nothing to complain about The staff is really great The only thing is that there are far too few sunbeds 155. Yorum: It was very nice here, I especially enjoyed the volleyball, thanks to Diana the sports teacher for the good entertainment, the shows were also very special, something new every day, the food was very tasty, darts, water jimnastics and so on 🤌🤌 🤌 … 156. Yorum: Everything is just great 👍 The staff is very nice, the food is for all tastes and the rooms are clean. … 157. Year: July 2024 There is a constant power outage in the hotel. Often, there is no television or internet connection afterwards. The minibar in the room is not replenished daily. 158. Yorum: A hotel that shows us how perfect it is with everything. We stayed with my family for 5 days, we never wanted to leave, we spent every day to the fullest, all the staff, everyone is very attentive and friendly, the facilities, the conditions, the food, the rooms, the cleanliness, everything is excellent, they never felt like strangers to us, the whole animation team, they were all wonderful, they treated us like family. I recommend it without reservation, it's a place I will return to again and again, thank you Azura Deluxe family 🙏🙏🙏🙏 159. Yorum: I wouldn't have thought that everything would be clean and luxurious. But be careful with valuables in euros and don't leave it in the room! Really recommendable 160. Yorum: At all times Excellent service and very helpful and professional staff The resort is small but nice and the pier by the sea is beautiful The beach is also good 161. Yorum: We stayed for 4 days for the Eid holidays the food is good The drinks are good Interesting and friendly staff However, in terms of animation and entertainment, there is a situation that is overshadowed by Granada, which is next door. Foam party next door Danza Kuduro We don't have any foam. Should we go to Adana? Very bad in animation 162. Yorum: The reception (it was the middle of the night) was great. Every employee, from the room fairy to guest relations, always had a smile on their face and asked what you wanted or if you needed help (a man in a wheelchair was a poem and there was something for everyone). a great holiday in a fantastic resort. We would love to come back. 163. Yorum: We arrived at Azura on 04/16/2023 at 9am and were checked in immediately. The room is comfortable, the view from the balcony is magnificent. Bring brushes and glue with you, and everything else is provided. The minibar is replenished daily with lemonades and mineral water, it is free, as is the safe. The staff are polite and discreet. Mostly Germans and Lithuanians and a few Russians stay at the hotel. It took me a long time to choose a hotel, it was important to me that it was young, with a nice interior and good cuisine. If you bought vouchers and after the purchase you are looking for new reviews or photos that I missed so much, then I will tell you: you made the right choice by choosing Azurochka 👍 The animation is good, in the evening the animation works for children and a little later for adults. There are 2 tennis tables on the territory, modern music plays, the staff is smiling, they prepare delicious cocktails. Opposite the hotel you can walk along the tourist street, there are many cafes and the street itself is very beautiful. If you plan to buy tea or coffee at home, it is better to buy it at Migros or Shok, the prices are several times lower than in tents. If you have been eyeing this hotel for a long time, it is better to buy your tickets in early March. We rented for 10 days for 114,000 for two, after 3 weeks the prices went up to 156,000. 164. Yorum: The hotel is really bad, it doesn't even match the price and quality at all. 1. The cleanliness of the hotel is average, I saw a few cockroaches in the kitchen 2. There was an incident where after leaving the room we encountered a snake. Management was very slow to respond after 3 people complained, they didn't believe it and did nothing until they heard we had video of the snake. 3. The indoor pool is still closed 4. The one towel per day policy is really stupid, you use your one towel everywhere, at the sea, sauna, swimming pool, etc. So this is really absurd 5. Even when the pool operating time is specified, they close it an hour early, for no reason. 6. The food and souvenir shop is tragic, we bought some Turkish delights there and there were worms and flies inside, it was meant to be a souvenir for the family and the embarrassment I felt after opening them was unbelievable. 7. The main lady in guest relations is rude, she only sees her way and tries to smooth everything over or bribe everything with champagne and food, which you can get yourself at the hotel in the pastry shop and bar. 8. The hotel is understaffed, when the hotel was full, in the dining room you see them running around like crazy, and you always have to wait for forks/knives and drinks for a very very long time, it took about 10 minutes once. sit and wait for your food to cool. There were some nice people working there, few really nice waitresses, few cleaning ladies, but the rest is so bad that this hotel does not deserve the rating it currently has, nor the price it costs. So I would really suggest choosing something else, because this hotel will be disappointing. 165. Yorum: Nice hotel, clean, very good food. Very nice performance. 166. Yorum: We had a great family vacation. 6 people in 3 bedrooms from September 15 to 22, 2023. Everything and especially all the staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel, rooms, pool were very clean. The problems were resolved immediately. The food was very good and very varied, simply awesome!!!! We were lucky that there was an Oktoberfest going on there, the staff really pulled out all the stops and did a fantastic job, what a load of food and drink they prepared for it!! The entourage was also great and that for a few hours. Hats off to you, in this temperature. We have nothing but praise for this hotel, which deserves to be repeated. Hopefully the beach will then be more easily accessible for wheelchair users. But that's the only small downside 😁 167. Yorum: +service, food, atmosphere - everything is at the highest level - there is not enough greenery on the territory of the hotel🌴 +the rooms are modern, clean and comfortable -I was not very impressed with the daily cleaning 3/5 Overall, we liked the hotel, it is very luxurious, but the area is not big at all and this is the main drawback. 168. Yorum: Nice hotel, good service, 250 m from the shopping center, a beach of 100 m wide maximum. 169. Yorum: The hotel is located on a main road, so trips to surrounding towns are easy to arrange. Apart from shopping, there is little else to do in the immediate vicinity (. The rooms are clean and well furnished (the balcony curtains must be kept closed in the evening because of the LED lighting, otherwise you will constantly have light coming through) The staff is very reserved and not very attentive (the entertainers only spoke/greeted us after 5 days!). Only the pool bar staff were always friendly, helpful and sometimes had a funny saying, greeting etc. The best thing was the service from Mustafa in the restaurant, who was very attentive and polite to us. We wish there were more people like him! 170. Yorum: I just came back from the hotel. And my rating is 3 out of 5 for several reasons. Terrible, monotonous food, repeated every day and tasteless. Very few deckchairs for the number of guests. No air conditioning in the corridors and at the hotel reception. The rooms are ok. As for the animation, it is also very poor... the entertainers work like crazy and there are no games for the guests, only darts, ping-pong and water polo... On the plus side, there is Wi-Fi. Fi throughout the hotel and on the pier, and that's it, good drinks. I do not recommend this hotel, for those who visit Turkey for the first time, everything will be fine. 171. Yorum: Nice hotel, clean rooms, delicious food, nice and smiling staff. I recommend it 😍😍 172. Yorum: Quiet hotel, large complex. Positive: No pushy salespeople No loud music, spacious area, enough sun loungers and seating, clean, large pier Beach could be wider, staff a bit friendlier Rooms facing the main street are quite noisy 173. Yorum: It is a luxurious five-star place, we can say that it does not have Turkish guests, it is a hotel with European and Russian guests and it is really a place where you can have a perfect holiday and relax. a varied cuisine and you can taste an average of 600 different flavors. The waiters are very attentive and constantly ask if you have any requests. It can be said that there is a luxury shopping center within the hotel, a complete living space from the gym to the spa center, the sea is very clean, the beach sand is good. Well, the beach is a bit small, but the facilities they built in the sea more than make up for that difference. In short, happy holidays to you in advance....... 174. Yorum: Beautiful hotel with really great staff, everyone is friendly and accommodating. Cleanliness is also 1A. 175. Yorum: A little busy for me, but otherwise the food, drinks, accommodation and staff are great. 176. Yorum: We had the opportunity to stay at Azure Deluxe Alanya Hotel between September 5th and 9th. Let me clarify that you will have no problem parking when entering the hotel. As soon as you enter the hotel, they immediately start taking care of you. For parking and reservation check-in procedures, they drop off your luggage at the reception. Although check-in at the hotel is normally at 2:00pm, we arrived at 9:00am and our registration was completed by the friendly and very attentive staff. You can use all the hotel facilities until you check into your room at 2:00 p.m. The hotel lobby is so large and spacious that you understand that you are directly in a perfect hotel. I can say that the food is ultra excellent. The variety of dishes was excellent and the variety of desserts was huge. You are greeted with a smile by all the chefs in front of the restaurant at every meal. Every one of your needs is met instantly. You won't have any problems with the open buffet. You can enjoy whatever you can think of. The room we stayed in was the Fantasy Jacuzzi room. I can't tell you the pleasure of looking at the sea and the view every day while enjoying the jacuzzi on this large balcony. There are games and activities in the pool every day. They do their best to make you enjoy every moment to the fullest. The sea was perfect and clean. The hotel has a jetty and events are held there on certain evenings. Above all, there is a Turkish night here, I can't tell you how tasty it is, you have the most fun. At the amphitheater, every day, a show is first organized for the children, and then the real show begins. Such great bands came that they were a must-see every night. In the evening, the hotel's ambulance lighting adds so much color that you can even have a drink and sit in front of the hotel and hang out. You will have no problem with sun loungers and towels. We would like to thank you for everything regarding this beautiful hotel, which deserves every penny you give. You who have read this review can choose it with complete peace of mind. 177. Yorum: A bit far from the airport (2 hours), but right on the beach. Very good value for money! Very friendly staff. And it's really all inclusive. 178. Yorum: A beautiful vacation, made even better when our room was changed to the one we had paid for and wanted. We had some disagreements regarding the hotel's policy regarding rooms with direct sea views, but we finally reached a common denominator! The chosen period, early August, was much too hot... somehow the air conditioning couldn't handle the heat, and at certain times of the day the air was unbreathable! The food was good, the service was good, but there were a few little things that didn't let us say it was a 5* with +... but it deserved 5*! 179. Yorum: Unfortunately, my stay at this hotel was an extremely disappointing experience. When I arrived I had hygiene concerns which were unfortunately confirmed. I contracted a fungal infection during my stay, which indicates a lack of cleanliness and hygiene. The overall cleanliness left much to be desired - from dirty carpets to poorly cleaned bathrooms. It was obvious that cleaning standards were not adequate, leading to my discomfort and illness. The hotel service was also extremely disappointing. The staff seemed uninterested and uninterested in helping customers. Requests were ignored or reluctantly granted, which increased my dissatisfaction. The hostile attitude of the employees was particularly regrettable. Instead of being warmly welcomed, I constantly felt rejected and unwanted. Such behavior is unacceptable and made my stay a truly unpleasant experience. Overall, I unfortunately cannot recommend this hotel due to poor hygiene, poor service and unfriendly staff. I hope that management will address these issues seriously and allow future guests to have a more enjoyable stay. 180. Yorum: We really enjoyed it as a family, there were 5 of us, the food and the sea and lots of sunbeds, there is a bazaar and lots of shops and a mosque nearby🕌 I recommend it👍👍👍👍 181. Yorum: Quite a long drive from Antalya airport, about 1 hour 45 minutes but great. 182. Yorum: We really liked the hotel, we arrived at the end of March, we even went shopping at sea, the water park started operating on April 1st, the service was great, everyone was very nice and welcoming. They quietly left their phones on the tables, no one touched them. The staff has no idea about tipping, but everyone does such a good job you just want to tip them. There are workers who speak perfectly well. The Wi-Fi works well. The food is delicious, even if you get to the end you won't leave hungry (Monday is seafood day) The grounds and rooms are well cleaned Cons: No toothpaste included, not enough entertainment program It would be great if there was a volleyball net or basketball court 183. Yorum: Unfortunately, it's not a pleasant experience despite the many good reviews. The hotel is quite old. The rooms are also very noisy and we had to listen to the neighbors' TV day and night during our entire stay. As soon as you point it out or ask anything, no one understands English. This is very strange for a tourist hotel. Even the reception could barely understand what you were asking. Not to mention the arrogance of most of the staff. They only hang from your feet when you want to spend. The food was spectacular and almost the same every day. very bland and the staff weren't the friendliest either. Everything seemed to be working reluctantly. The hygiene at the spa is also bad! In short, this is not the vacation we were hoping for. I had neither rest nor good food. Glad we left. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to eat well and relax. 184. Yorum: The location of the hotel was very good. Very close to bus stops and there was a big city across the street. The rooms were very clean every day, the cleaning ladies did a very good job (hi to the lady Nurşen kırışık), very polite and very attentive. The food was okay. It didn't taste particularly bad, but it wasn't particularly good either. The service was great thanks to the many employees and everything was there very quickly. There were mainly German holidaymakers there. Overall it's really good, but you could definitely expect more variety and more effort in the food. 185. Yorum: We have already visited this hotel in 2019 and we were really very satisfied. However, my experience is different now, the food was disappointing this time, especially in the afternoon and evening, but also the fact that … 186. Yorum: I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The food is excellent. Pleasant service staff. We would like to thank the manager Tatiana, who very kindly resolved the conflict with the problematic customers at the time. 187. Yorum: Hello, we are relaxing at a nearby hotel, today is my birthday, you can invite me to a test drive of your hotel so that next time we come to your place 188. Yorum: Wonderful hotel, simply the best of the best! I really recommend it! The cleanliness of the rooms is perfect, the choice of dishes is simply incredible, in 10 days we did not even have time to taste half of them. The cocktails and drinks are all very good quality. Animation, the program is simple 🔥 the animators are just rock. The nightclubs on the pier will remain in our hearts forever 😍. In a word, it is simply MAGNIFICENT!!!! The only thing that was a little annoying, but then we got used to it, was that the hotel was mostly filled with foreigners, there were almost no Russians. The restaurants are served by waiters, all very friendly! The whole hotel simply shines with its cleanliness, you feel as comfortable as possible in this hotel. They didn't want to leave. We were there from 05/18 to 05/27/23. Many thanks to all the hotel staff for this wonderful holiday 😍🥰😍 189. Yorum: This is a pretty good hotel! Quality price!!! We arrived on the third day after opening. The weather was very changeable. At the hotel, this nuance was not taken into account, there were no shows or animation programs yet and we had to organize our leisure ourselves, fortunately there are car rentals and beautiful views of the entire coast of Antalya. The service is excellent, the number of rooms is good. The hotel area is small, but for us it was an advantage. The local alcohol, which was not very tasty, was purchased separately at a whiskey shop. You can drink light drinks and cocktails. There is no soundproofing, I consider this a huge drawback of this hotel. Everything else was good. Overall we enjoyed our holiday at the Azura Deluxe Hotel. 190. Yorum: A beautiful installation with big ambitions, but unfortunately everything is in too small a space. Very polite, kind and accommodating staff. They strive to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The food was varied, fresh and very tasty. 191. Yorum: I really wish I could write it down better because some of the employees were very helpful but…. Dirty plates and glasses all the time... single man fighting by the pool and not taking care of the kids... security yelling at you when you go to the beach with a stroller even though there is an official way... people touching and grabbing your kids like it's a puppy - I've never seen that in my life!!! Too bad but never again 😔 And when you complain about what happened, they will tell you that you lied. This is incredible. Don't go there with your family. 192. Yorum: Ibrahim Halil, the night waiter, was very helpful. Without him, our night would have been burned. 193. Yorum: A very good hotel, we will return tomorrow, we have been regular customers there for years. 194. Yorum: We rested at the hotel from 19.04 to 26.04. We arrived from the airport at 1:30 p.m. At 10 o'clock we were at the hotel, after breakfast we were immediately given a room according to the category we had paid for, we asked for a higher floor, we did not take it into account, we were given the 2nd floor. We didn't change it. The room is small, the furniture is already worn in some places, but it is clean, everything you need is there. They cleaned every day, the bar was restocked, the shampoos and soaps were also restocked. When we arrived, they brought us bathrobes, toothbrushes and a shaving machine. Friends who lived in the next room were never questioned. The room was very stuffy, the air conditioner only heated it. There was no response to requests to change the situation in some way, as if it would be like this until May 1, a winter concept. We had to sleep with the window open, which wasn't very noisy either, there was a busy highway nearby. The food is standard, unpretentious, but tasty and there is little fruit, only simple seafood fish. All food is primarily intended for adults; of course, you can feed a child, but without variety. The alcohol is mostly local. The territory is small, you could say that it is not there, but everything has been placed harmoniously so that you don't really notice it. The pools are clean but very cold and so is the indoor spa. We were interested in heating at least in the children's room, but the answer killed us - it turns out that the hotel operates according to the summer concept and the heating of the pools has already been turned off. Funny. The beach is excellent, go to the sea and sand. There are enough deckchairs. The sea is clean. Beautiful and large pier. There is animation, but not active. During the day there is the usual entertainment, in the evening there is a show, a disco on the pier. There is a kids club, but it's kind of quiet. They sit down, draw, do some little crafts, like in kindergarten. In the evening, mini disco 5 songs. There is no children's playground. The result is a good standard Turkish five. Not family friendly. This would be great for a group of over 30s without kids. The hotel is beautiful, but a renovation wouldn't hurt. The word Deluxe in the name is clearly superfluous. I can recommend this hotel, it all depends on the price, which in my opinion is too expensive. 195. Yorum: We came as a couple and think the hotel is perfect for the young and the young at heart. Those looking for more peace and quiet should look for another hotel, a little outside of town, as this hotel is located directly on a busy road. However, you can easily cross them via a tunnel or viaduct. Regarding all the bad reviews, I would like to say that they are absolutely not justified. The staff are absolutely friendly and work tirelessly for their guests every day, from the food to the evening entertainment to all the cleaning staff. Hats off, that's all I can say. Anyone who thinks the beach is too small, which is also true, can take the bus for little money that leaves every half hour and go to Cleopatra beach, which is huge and absolutely beautiful and worth a visit. In fact, you have more peace there. We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely come back, even if it is noisier. Keep it up, dear Azura Deluxe team. 196. Yorum: Overall we were satisfied. We don't usually go on vacation at this time. This time we had our grandchildren with us. 2 girls aged 12 and 8. The heat was very tiring. But bearable. Nice room, good service and everything you need. The only downside was the loud noise from the pool all day. You couldn't have a normal conversation. And that you stop during the transfer and are encouraged to go out and do some shopping. 197. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel. We liked: the rooms were clean, the chef in the rooms, the minibars were filled differently in the rooms (we had the experience of two rooms), but sufficient - a wide selection of drinks. The towels were also changed a lot, always cleaning the room. The staff are polite and friendly - not a single intrusive service provider. Perhaps the only downside to the room was that the smoke from the restaurant grill came out onto the balcony during meals. But it is always possible to take a more expensive room with a sea view. Large selection of dishes, delicious. Compared to previous experiences, it can be said that the best selection of fruits ever seen and the cakes are also very tasty. Coffee in Turkish hotels has always been to our taste, and this time too. And the quality of alcohol is the best I have experienced in Türkiye so far. A very extensive cocktail menu. Iced coffee and macarons - our favorites. The beach was also definitely our favourite - the sand is superb and clean. It was nice to swim, the sunbathing area and bar built on the sea was very pleasant. I didn't go swimming in the pool, but the water was very warm to the touch, based on this I assume they are heated pools, which I have never encountered before when I was in Turkey. The evening's program was different from day to day. This provided enough entertainment. The other visitors were sober, polite - there are usually still loud/disorderly visitors - not this time. There are enough shops and restaurants on the street of the hotel. We were very satisfied! The holidays were in October 2023. 198. Yorum: Very, very nice and modern hotel. The food was very varied, but the midnight snacks were not tasty. Very nice sandy beach right next to the hotel and always enough sun loungers on the beach and at the pool. BUT unfortunately only 2 people are responsible for cleaning an entire floor, which is why cleaning the room takes a lot of time and is not really hygienic. The service at the restaurant is really bad. With any luck, a server will be interested in coming to the table and asking if you would like any drinks. Then it takes a long time before the drinks arrive. We were almost finished eating when the drinks arrived. The hotel's entertainment shows are varied, but should not be attended without hearing protection as the jukeboxes are so loud that the first 3 rows are usually free. 199. Yorum: The hotel is well maintained and the food is good. It's also nice that the beach is on the hotel grounds, saving you from having to cross a busy street. Also worth mentioning are the hotel's many bars and restaurants (no matter where you are in the hotel, you'll be able to grab a drink in no time). Highly recommended and worth repeating! 200. Yorum: This hotel lives up to its name, a super luxurious hotel, truly magnificent. I went with my 15 year old son and we had a great time. The staff are friendly, the hotel is very clean and well maintained. Les cocktails … 201. Yorum: Great hotel rooms and everything is good, super clean, friendly and helpful staff, I still recommend it 202. Yorum: Luxury hotel with a wide variety of food. But it is very disappointing when the music stops at 10:30pm and the surrounding hotels have parties and also play music until 1:02am. We also bought a sea view room, but we only got a small sea view, more of a side view. There is a huge clean swimming pool outside and a lovely jetty with a bar and steps down to the sea for swimming. 203. Yorum: First of all, we chose this hotel by looking at the reviews and we realized from the first moment we entered the hotel that we were not mistaken. I would like to thank Mr. Hakan, who greeted us with a smile at the information desk. Almost all of the hotel staff are friendly and helpful. Especially our cooks, Mr. Ismail and Mrs. Gül, who always served us with a smile. I would like to thank Mrs. Nesibe from customer service and sweet sister Nurşen who works in housekeeping. The location of the hotel is very nice, the beach is small but sufficient. The swimming pools are also sufficient. There is no problem with eating and drinking, there is a lot of variety. There is no problem with cleanliness and hygiene. There are not many Turkish holidaymakers in the hotel, most of them are foreigners. But there is no discrimination in this hotel. When they realize you are Turkish, they show more interest and that makes you happier. If I come back to Alanya, I will have the best possible holiday with my family at Azura Deluxe Hotel. See you soon Azura Luxury Hotel ☺️ 204. Yorum: This hotel does not deserve 5 stars. The service is horrible. At the restaurant, you wait in vain for a waiter. It's always the same food and the problem is that it doesn't taste good. I had stomach problems the whole vacation. The hygiene in the hotel is catastrophic. I can't recommend this hotel!!!! It wasn't a vacation, more like a horror trip. 205. Yorum: Nothing Only the Germans and the food were really inedible!! Bad food 206. Yorum: This hotel is not intended for Islamic couples and should not be booked by those who are truly looking for peace and quiet. It's a party hotel and right next door is the Granada Hotel which puts you in a bad mood with its even louder and more annoying music and entertainment. You are surrounded by loud music from 10:00 in the morning until midnight at night. Those who like loud music and constant animation can look forward to it. However, we wanted decent, quiet days and nights and were very disappointed. If food quality is important, you will be disappointed there too. A variety of menus are offered, but it tastes like a canteen. The only tasty thing was the freshly grilled meat on offer. at least the staff were very friendly and courteous 207. Yorum: This was my worst holiday so far, the room was way too small for 5 people! We have an extra bed, but I don't pay for an extra bed!!! If you look at the pictures on the internet the hotel looks really cool and in reality you don't have all that!! Everything is so minimal Pool too small Beach too small The deck chairs I saw in the pictures aren't even there!!! The hotel was supposed to be a family hotel, it was more of a simple hotel. The animations are not bad at all!!! The food was very good the first few days and then it was the same! This hotel absolutely does not deserve its 5 stars!! Once and never again! I absolutely cannot recommend this hotel to families!!! 208. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel as a family with a 4 year old child and it was a wonderful 10 days. The journey from Antalya airport to the hotel took about 2 hours. A bit long but still possible. The rooms were cleaned daily and linen and towels were changed daily. We were on the 5th floor with a sea view. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are varied and the hotel staff are super child friendly. It is advisable to wear non-slip shoes in the pool, otherwise you will slip very quickly. Shops are 5 minutes from the hotel. You can also go shopping at the hotel. The hotel photographer takes great photos. The sea is right next to the hotel, with its own beach. Different programs take place every evening. Overall a very nice hotel, we can recommend it and will come back next year. 209. Yorum: I stayed in the Deluxe room last year. Very nice hotel located directly on the beach. The hotel is clean, the food is very good and the service, whether at the bar, reception, room service or restaurant, is great. The beach area is unfortunately a bit small, but a lot has been accomplished with the options available, it's great. The location of the hotel is also good, as you are directly in Avsallar with shops/restaurants either via an underpass or a bridge. 210. Yorum: The hotel is really sensational. I can only agree with all the positive reviews. Everything was furnished with lots of love and high quality. The food leaves nothing to be desired. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Cleanliness is also 1A. Moreover, the daily changing animations ensure a good mood. We were totally pleasantly surprised and delighted with the quality and service of Azura Deluxe. We will definitely be back next year. Thank you for the unforgettable days we spent as guests. 211. Yorum: Good and clean hotel. One star less because the beach is too small for this hotel. Friendly staff. I was pleasantly surprised by "Ozi", the boy in the lobby. A wonderful person who will always help you with anything you need at the hotel. The food was fresh, tasty and varied. Every night there was a different party: dance groups, live music, circus, DJs... It was my first time on holiday in Türkiye and after that I will definitely come back. 212. Yorum: Overall we had a pleasant 5 day vacation. Positive features: The staff attention was really good. Almost all the staff were doing their best with a smile. The sea was more beautiful than I expected. We really liked the sandy beach. When you swim in the sea in the early morning, the clarity of the water is very beautiful. The layout and cleanliness of the rooms were very good. However, the minibars were not updated regularly. Waking up with a sea view is also very pleasant. This is why I recommend a room with a sea view or side sea view. The desserts were very delicious, we liked them very much. For the first time we spent our vacation in a hotel without cats or dogs. The presence of animals, especially in dining rooms, previously caused discomfort. There are no animals anywhere here. Negative Features: The hotel was a bit smaller than I expected. Food tastes were generally not bad, but the variety is not enough for such a hotel. There are only 2 different slides in the hotel's aqua park, which is not enough. In addition, young children also slide down these slides and some minor accidents have occurred because the relevant staff did not pay enough attention to them. Snack times are ridiculous. There are only snacks between 12 and 4 p.m. Lunch is already until 2 p.m., and the time when people are hungry is before dinner, between 4 and 7 p.m. Snack times may be extended. I say this comparing it to hotels we have stayed in before. There are hotels with pastry shops open 24 hours a day. 213. Yorum: We rested from 04/02/2023 to 04/11/2023. The animation was already working. In the evening we were entertained with different shows every day. The staff is friendly. Few people know Russian, but this did not hinder understanding. The food is excellent. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable. The weather was good to us, we even went swimming in the sea and sunbathing. Everything is at the highest level, everything is clean and beautiful. The location of the hotel is very convenient. The main street of the village is nearby, I even find it difficult to call it a village, because it is quite beautiful and modern, more like a small town. It has everything you need: shops, exchange points and excursions. The mobile market arrives on Tuesday. I recommend visiting. Nearby there is a federal highway and a bus stop. The transport is excellent, it takes 30 minutes to Alanya. 214. Yorum: We arrived as a family of four, received a very friendly welcome, thank you again and had a great holiday. The hotel is close to the beach, the staff is very friendly, the food is excellent, the rooms are very clean. We were in heaven, great entertainment every evening. Even the weather did not disappoint us. The hotel pier is so unique that the lighting of the hotel and the neighboring hotel is gigantic. We were able to take such beautiful pictures. Shops are just 3 minutes from the hotel. We will be back next year, so for 10 days instead of just 7 days. Thank you for the hospitality 😍 215. Yorum: Definitely the best place for vacation! Friendly staff, best service from Erdinç, Doğan, Serkan, Ibrahim, Okan, Inna and our masseurs. These people made our vacation simply PERFECT! 216. Yorum: Great hotel, it lacked almost nothing. Positively surprised 217. Yorum: Today is our last night at the hotel. First of all, I would like to thank all the staff who were always smiling from the moment we entered the hotel until the last day. The rooms are cleaned daily and are very spacious. The hotel is located on the seafront and has a Blue Flag sandy beach. The swimming pools are sufficient. Everywhere, including common areas, cleanliness is impeccable. The food is delicious and sufficient. (We would also like to thank our hotel manager and PR person, who did not disturb us on the last day and prepared special meals for us.) As someone who has been vacationing in hotels for years, this is the first time I have encountered such a thing. All the servers are friendly and enjoy their work. We would also like to thank Mrs. Gül from the restaurant.