1. Yorum: The +: close to the airport, access and beach and swimming pool facilities are great. The cocktails are pretty good. Well maintained hotel complex on the outside.|The massages are good even if the chef tries to sell you some... 2. Yorum: I arrived at this beautiful hotel. There are two nights |We are delighted with the atmosphere on the site |I will say 10/10 for|-Mini club|-Catering especially the cakes.|-impeccable cleanliness.|-the service at the reception and in … 3. Yorum: Thieves! Above all, don't go there. I made a reservation by calling the hotel and was scammed out of €5,000. When I arrived at the hotel, I was told that there was no reservation in my name, even though I had the invoice between the… 4. Yorum: Very nice hotel, very welcoming staff. The rooms are nice, the hotel is very big, with several swimming pools. And all-you-can-eat buffets with lots of choice. Very good stay. |Thanks to Aicha the cleaning lady who did a very good job and who is adorable. Room 1509 5. Yorum: The hotel itself is good despite the fact that the opening hours for the aquatic area (slides) are really restrictive 10am-12pm and 2pm-4pm.|The real downside of this hotel is clearly the staff who are rude, not helpful at all… 6. Yorum: A great family experience! ||Lots of activities for children! |A kids club super suitable for little ones and toddlers! |Ideal for parents' comfort! | |The cuisine is very varied and very beautiful! Awesome😊||Cooking at any time! |I advise! … 7. Yorum: There is no games room, no billiards, no mini golf etc., I am very disappointed, and the rest is very good the swimming pool is beautiful, the sea and opposite the rooms are good the shows very good, but there is no games room or billiards that is very sad 8. Yorum: The catering service was excellent, especially from Mr. Mirhafiz, who listened to all requests and was very kind! I highly recommend this hotel, its staff, its location, its climate, its meals and its logistics. Very helpful and friendly 9. Yorum: We had a very nice stay at the Kremlin Palace. A warm welcome and service from all the staff, especially Naz Sarivaz who was always attentive to our needs, even though it was difficult for them in the heat. A big thank you to this dynamic and young team. 10. Yorum: Grand hotel but just from the outside. We stayed at the hotel from July 25th until August 1st, 2023. First a priori was that the hotel was quite old, no renovation. The rooms are old, no more than 2 sockets per room and what's more, they are poorly placed. We had problems with the climate, shower, TV and leak in the room after a complaint we were able to change rooms but nothing really changed. The maids do not clean the rooms in any way, they only change the trash and the towels, if the mood arises they also make the bed. The food in the hotel is like in all other 5 star hotels, it is still good. They offer different menus every day, it's quite varied. The staff are friendly and smiling. The hosts are very nice! but very absent. Maybe more would be needed for the hotel's capacity? We were treated to the same activities every day, nothing new. Very boring. They don't call people for activities, which is a shame. The show in the evening was quite nice and entertaining. Personally, having stayed at several of the 5 star hotels in Antalya, this one really remains at the bottom of the scale. There are clearly better options in terms of price and quality. We leave after a week of vacation, just tanned, still thirsty for fun. 11. Yorum: We spent 15 days in this wonderful hotel, with our 3 children. The staff is friendly, the hotel is very, very clean!! There are activities for all ages!!!!! In terms of catering, I haven't eaten the same thing for a single day and everything is very good🤤 We went to several restaurants and the Italian restaurant was delicious, impeccable service, really attentive and smiling. 🤩 thank you In short I recommend this magnificent hotel 😍 12. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, a feeling of security and feeling at home that is indescribable. A big thank you to the whole team who listened and took great care of us throughout our stay. A big thank you to Fatima, Sofia from the guest office, a big thank you to Hurriyet, Seymur Hamidov and Shoukroukh as well as Zakaria, Imane the best sports coach ever met. Unforgettable memories in an unforgettable place 13. Yorum: Very nice, clean hotel. Beautiful beach. Aquaparc top. Very rich catering service. A must see. The managers are also very responsive to any issues encountered. And I would like to personally thank the manager Firuze and her colleague (I forgot her name) for their welcome and their responsiveness in finding a solution to each problem, and I thank Mrs. Firuze for her commercial gesture for the family. To book here is the WhatsApp number 00905334263597 14. Comment: Bel hôtel . However, the reception staff and employees are unpleasant. To eat it is difficult to find a free table given the number of people there and when a table becomes free, you have to wait a long time before it is cleared. The rooms are old and if you have small children the balcony is to be avoided because the railings are wide below and a child can quickly slip underneath and fall. 15. Yorum: Very nice hotel, very large and impressive. The decoration is a bit outdated and the restoration could be better. But everything else is quite nice, the beach is amazing and there are quite a few activities. I recommend to reluctant people, if you book at a good price. Personally we paid 2000€ for 8 nights with flight included at the beginning of September and the price/quality ratio remains correct. 16. Yorum: I stayed at this hotel from August 1, 2022 to August 8 when I was supposed to stay until August 10, I had already paid and I gave up my room! We fled this hotel, the rooms are old, the staff not at all smiling! But the worst was the food, absolutely terrible!!!! Always the same dish, same meal, at the swimming pool frozen pizza, frozen fries, ... nothing good and fresh! In short, it was crap, we fled 3 days before our check out! 17. Yorum: A great hotel, everything is perfect, there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, the hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is magnificent, especially Anastasia. It has several very clean swimming pools. We had an extraordinary stay, we won't forget it, we will definitely come back, I highly recommend it 18. Comment: Superb hotel!! We came for 5 days and everything was perfect. Very welcoming and attentive staff. Very clean rooms. Extremely good food and lots of variety of dishes. 19. Comment: Just topissime!!!! Ideal for family vacations! 20. Yorum: A dream massage, the best of all the massages we have had! it was great! Amelia speaks French, she is great as well as the masseuses, go there with your eyes closed. A very beautiful palace, beautiful rooms and very beautiful outdoor spaces. The sea a few meters away with private beach. The swimming pool is huge. 21. Yorum: I really invite you if you ever go to this establishment I advise you to go to the massage institute the team is great the manager is attentive despite our difficulties in understanding each other and takes the time to make himself understood he is very professional really attentive it really makes us happy! Thanks to this it was a pleasure to stay at the hotel, very pleasant during my stay I had five or six massages, really of very high quality, a great team 22. Yorum: We just spent 15 days in this wonderful hotel!!! The staff is very attentive, there is a lot of entertainment 🤩🤩 The food is very varied in 15 days I have never eaten the same thing There is a giant kids club I have never seen that!!! In short, this hotel is perfect, I recommend it 23. Yorum: Nice hotel, well located (between lara and belek). -smiling and friendly staff - excellent and very varied food - Very large swimming pool - Very pretty beach - Entertainment - location - very clean hotel The negative point (if I may say so) are the rooms. They are old and poorly equipped (lack of sockets, we had 2/old hair dryer...) Also I celebrated my birthday during our stay. We booked the Turkish restaurant for the occasion, but unfortunately when we asked for a candle for dessert we were refused. Additionally, we found the service in the a la carte restaurant to be average. We asked at least 5 times for bread which was served to us with dessert.... Additionally, we were placed at a table far from the entertainment. We asked to change tables, which was also refused. Apparently the Italian restaurant would be much better. And no special attention (a small flower on the bed for example) However, I can only recommend this hotel in which we had a good time. 24. Yorum: A great hotel especially for families with children. perfect there are no negative points, the staff is very helpful and welcoming, apart from the person who was at the reception of the spa, the bald gentleman, he did not want to tell me where to find the gym. I had to go see someone else. The hotel is very clean, the food is good and varied, the entertainment is wonderful. I thank the masseuse Turk Asli, very professional and above all smiling. 25. Yorum: Great evening at the Mexican restaurant and thanks to Idris our great server. We ate very well. The spa is a very beautiful place and the massages are adapted to each person and very effective. We come out of it as if on a cloud. Besides, I'm doing it again before leaving because it was so great. A special best for our server in the pavilions he is very helpful and very kind we rented the pavilions all week and it was magical 26. Yorum: Negative point: -too many people, we can't find enough space to sit whether on the terrace or in the restaurant. - most of the staff are not very friendly, we don't dare ask them for anything. - the rooms are very old and not renovated, there were cracked tiles in the bathroom which is really not worthy of a hotel of this standing. - a lot of food waste from customers and the hotel staff or management do not comment on it, even though sometimes they do not even touch their plates, they only fill them up to take pictures. It's reckless not to take steps to prevent this kind of waste in 2021 when people are starving elsewhere in the world, it's really something that shocked me during my stay. Positive point: food pretty good, I didn't get sick. 27. Yorum: We paid with FTI 3000 euros for 2 with 2 babies for 9 days and we were very very disappointed. Although the architecture of the hotel is sumptuous, what is inside leaves something to be desired. Negative points: The buffet restaurants etc. to put it simply my children threw up for 3 days and my husband was sick too. The housework is awful. The floor was not vacuumed or washed, the sheets were not changed. We were of course heard by a woman at the management who apologized by giving us 3 vouchers for a la carte restaurants in the hotel that we did not use. Animation ONLY IN RUSSIAN, music only in RUSSIAN, in short Antalya has belonged to the Russians for 2-3 years, I have the impression. Very little entertainment, always the same thing, for children nothing special just 1 paddling pool. To get a deckchair around the pool you have to get up at 7am. And above all we have to talk about it because it's incredible but true the crooks inside the hotel: souvenir shops, toys etc., the hairdresser, clothes shop. EXORBITANT prices. Men's haircut: 35 euros A small car for children 20 euros. Small pack of 30 diapers, 18 euros. The dry cleaning service with washing machine, I thought I was hallucinating the prices: 1 t-shirt 3.50 euros to wash it. A scandal, shameful, thieves. So let's not talk about outside taxis. Never again this hotel. 3000 euros for us to end up eating out, not taking part in any activities and being extremely disappointed. There was just 1 presenter who made the effort to speak Turkish. Finally, 2-3 people I spoke to there have the same opinion as me. Positive points: clean private beach, welcoming, caring and smiling staff despite the savages who stay there (the Russians) 28. Yorum: Perfect stay, my children were always at the kids club, the play structures are incredible, the team is great, very professional and great, you can leave your children with them with complete confidence despite the language barrier, the team does everything to put you at ease. A big thank you to the kids club team! 29. Yorum: Great experience at this establishment. The price-quality ratio is good, the service is impeccable, particularly during meals. Many thanks to Yesim Akca and Sidar Sincar, as well as Muhammed Calisir (for the service during the meal at the Mexican restaurant). I recommend this hotel to any traveler looking for good service. 30. Yorum: Currently at the hotel Food not great always the same room not great that smells like sewers staff not always pleasant otherwise the exteriors are sublime unheated swimming pool difficult to swim hotel not for the French entertainment ok But I do not recommend it 2900€ for 4 people including a 13 year old child Italian restaurant served at the lance worse and not great. 31. Yorum: One of the best clubs we've had there. opportunity to stay there. Children's paradise in terms of entertainment. Aqua park Games room. Top buffet. Staff very attentive. Beach with beautiful waves and ideal temperature. The only small problem is that it is far from the city. 32. Comment: Parfait! Everything is fine. The staff are kind and attentive. Thanks to the Mexican and Turkish restaurants which are fantastic 33. Yorum: -little entertainment, some refuse children altogether -bars open at very unsuitable times, shame -dilapidated rooms (light that doesn't work in the bathrooms, cracks, stairs with paint stains, shower without seal = swimming pool in the bathroom) - we booked a room for 5, when we arrived we found 4 beds so they added 1 bed on the fly which is a shame given the price - entertainment not entertaining or even worthless 34. Yorum: A very good experience. In terms of service, regarding the swimming pool, slides, activities, shows, different bars and restaurants, we are definitely a 5 star. 35. Yorum: Very nice hotel, we have access to lots of services like ice cream, hamburgers, hot dogs but also watermelons.... impossible to die of hunger!!! Very well maintained place, never any trash on the ground, I really recommend it 36. Yorum: Everything was perfect I highly recommend this hotel as soon as I have the opportunity to return I will return 37. Yorum: I cancelled my reservation. I got my money back. The hotel dates from 2002. There has been no work since then. The building is in ruins. The rooms are old and the furniture is worn, dating back 16 years. A shame to welcome tourists. 38. Yorum: Kremlin palace is a wonderful place for little ones! The club workers are really caring and very friendly. I would definitely leave my children there! I think I'll come back next year, my children and I had a great holiday, I recommend it! I would like to thank Kids club and especially Mrs. Songül 💕 … 39. Yorum: This hotel has halal food, very good food, by the way, there are large swimming pools for young and old and some slides, just to say that the slides close early, too bad 4 p.m. we have nothing more to do, around 8 p.m. we can no longer swim in the pools, the rooms look big in the photos but small in reality there are cracks in the bathroom etc. the cleaning is really good, the staff members speak English and Turkish, it is really beautiful at night but there are better hotels in Antalya 40. Yorum: An incredible stay. Asteria Kremlin Palace remains one of the most beautiful hotels we have stayed at. The animation is great! We absolutely loved it. See you soon 🥰 … 41. Yorum: Very nice clean hotel.. very welcoming staff.. the beach is beautiful the swimming pool too only downside the location is very isolated and no wifi in the rooms.. 42. Yorum: A very warm welcome, staff attentive to their customers, a very good atmosphere, varied activities for all tastes, I highly recommend the hotel, one of the best in Antalya 43. Yorum: Great hotel, good value for money, it was previously part of the wow group (World of Wonder) like the neighboring hotel the Topkapı Palace, we could thus move from one hotel to another and it was very pleasant because we had the feeling of being in a small village, it seems to me that this is no longer the case. The rooms and food are ok, as are the staff. 44. Yorum: The hotel is magnificent, facing the sea, the atmosphere is great, the staff is super welcoming, the best!! The entertainment team are super fun. 45. Yorum: This hotel is huge. Everything is splendid. Copy of Moscow. The furniture is of breathtaking taste! Small bridge over one of the giant pools. An exceptional luxury! My room had a front row seat. Regarding the equipment, there is tea, herbal teas, coffee, fridge with drinks. I was all inclusive. To access the restaurant you have to take an escalator surrounded by splendid paintings. From breakfast to dinner, everything is excellent. The exterior is huge and beautiful. I highly recommend this five star hotel. Don't forget to visit the waterfalls and the boat tour. 46. Yorum: Very good hotel But not a 5 star Rooms not great finishes to review Unlimited free mini bar and refilled every day Very clean In all inclusive we eat all day it is very good and varied I recommend for family vacations 47. Yorum: Very good hotel. Good food, swimming pool and beach at the top 👍 A big thank you to Senay Canbolat and Irina Sosnina who are very friendly and who gave us good advice on what to visit in Antalya. … 48. Yorum: Not at all satisfied, the room is average, no entertainment at all (adults and children), the food not very good, always the same thing, we couldn't find a table, too many people, not enough deckchairs on the beach, the hotel hosted several sports tournaments, lots of young people who don't sleep until the morning and make a lot of noise, we couldn't sit at the bar or in the hall because there was no space and lack of manners. HOTEL TO AVOID!!!! 49. Yorum: Tarik is very kind and helpful, the meal is super good and filling and forkan was very helpful 50. Yorum: An exceptional place that I highly recommend for a leisure and restful stay. Several activities available: swimming pools with slide, sea "feet in the water", various evenings every night with diverse troupes of musicians. I will definitely go back. 51. Yorum: French people to flee!!!!!!!!! Just for these Russians!!!! Rooms to be redone, moldy bathrooms, food for dogs or Russians and staff overall very negative, lack of smiles. Too bad because the hotel is very pretty. Clearly, the French are not welcome!!!! 52. Yorum: Very nice hotel and the service is great!! Huzair Hussain 53. Year: Omer Ceylan Suleyman Kutlu Ismail Olmez Vildan Bulut Italian Restaurant Calisanlari Very pleasant and warm staff, the service is impeccable, very good meal. Thank you for this very pleasant evening 54. Yorum: Beautiful hotel, has a large accommodation capacity, good all day food, activity, the beach is very beautiful, I recommend this hotel!! Family run, friendly hotel 55. Yorum: Very good hotel, very good service Very clean, friendly staff Varied buffet and top Italian and Mexican restaurant 56. Yorum: Hotel nickel hotel staff o TOP impeccable cleanliness but when it comes to going out you have to ask for a taxi at reception and there the whole network is set up do not leave the hotel real crooks taxi restaurant guy from the hotel reception pfff 57. Yorum: Horrible hotel believe me I went to Antalya several times because of this horrible hotel the disgusting food always the same food the rooms incredible horrible it smells like mold the waiters are always angry the people who do the cleaning they do nothing and in a bad mood there is no doctor hotel it is old only Russians drunk at night you can't sleep this hotel I don't even give it 1 star hotel bad image of Antalya 58. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, nothing to say, the staff is great, the cuisine is varied, different buffets, just in terms of cleaning the rooms it's not perfect 59. Year: Marina restaurant great restaurant, top service. Thank you for the great welcome. Delicious fish on the menu, don't hesitate to book 60. Yorum: Great restaurant, it's really good with a good atmosphere and great singers. I recommend 100%. 61. Yorum: Horrible stay, I was there 1 week ago the worst vacation of my life, I strongly advise against this mediocre hotel zero service, the restaurant inedible always the same thing the rooms stink of humidity very old, dirty carpet even the cleaning service is mediocre, my son had food poisoning due to their restaurant not even a doctor in the hotel, do not go there it is not even worth a 2 star No entertainment or atmosphere hotel at the end of its life it is a disgrace such a hotel !!!!!!!!!!! 62. Yorum: We thank the Asteria team for all the service and I had a good day in this very good hotel. 63. Yorum: I spent my dream vacation in this hotel. Huzair 64. Yorum: Great hotel, I recommend it, the staff is always attentive and the entertainment is great. 65. Yorum: As for the meals, it leaves something to be desired... not much choice. Same thing every day. As for the level of staff, smiles and friendliness are not known. 66. Yorum: Huzai I like this hotel and it is very good 67. Yorum: Lots of different and varied activities for children. We can leave them without any problem. 68. Yorum: We are delighted with the welcome from Mrs. Ulviye Sunar, very smiling and very helpful 69. Yorum: Room not worthy of a 5 star.... A disgrace! Otherwise the staff is very nice. 70. Yorum: This is a beautiful 5 star hotel amazing 71. Yorum: Magnificent hotel, very good, I went there twice with my family. always welcoming 72. Yorum: Very beautiful hotel, magnificent team up to their work 73. Yorum: Miniclub children very nice place for children with lots of colors and decorations suitable for children as well as staff. 74. Yorum: Hello everyone, very nice hotel, very luxurious, nice area, cool and pleasant for families, it's 5 stars, well done 75. Yorum: The mini club is really excellent, and very funny for the little ones 76. Yorum: Great family hotel, Clean, Top staff, I recommend 77. Yorum: Very good Mexican restaurant Thanks to Idris for his service and his smile I recommend 78. Yorum: Very good hotel. Top activities + entertainment. 79. Year: Furkan Sinem Sahin Berat and the whole team at the seafood restaurant are great. a big thank you. 80. Yorum: Great time spent at the SPA. Thank you Altag and Aslm for this superb massage. 81. Comment: Hotel tres familial. Very friendly staff 👍🏽✅ … 82. Yorum: Everything was beautiful, well organized, clean, helpful staff. 83. Yorum: Great hotel in terms of entertainment, childcare and restaurants. I recommend it 84. Yorum: The reception is nice and beautiful 85. Yorum: Beautiful place, very friendly staff. I would go back without hesitation 86. Yorum: Marina and Italian Alakarte, the service is really perfect, nothing to say 87. Year: The waitress ulviye very kind, nice 88. Comment: Great with the whole family! Swimming pool and water park. Beautiful private beach. 89. Comment: Good hotel, animation team cool 90. Yorum: A little expensive for a hotel of this type but in the average price range for this geographical area of ​​the city (Lara) 91. Yorum: Very good hotel Huzair 92. Year: Ismail Olmez and chef Vildan Bulut very good service 93. Comment: Belle! Thank you very much Balamirza 94. Yorum: It's a good hotel to recommend 95. Yorum: Very good 96. Yorum: Very nice experience 97. Yorum: My daughters loved the Mini Club 98. Yorum: It's so good here 99. Comment: Three times 100. Comment: Tres jolie 101. Yorum: The best hotel 102. Comment: Super ✌👍 … 103. Yorum: very disappointed despite Christmas 104. Comment: Splendide 105. Comment: 👍👍👍 106. Year: Entertainment and meals at the top 107. Comment: 👍 … 108. Comment: Internet 109. Comment: Internet 110. Comment: Internet 111. Comment: Internet 112. Comment: Internet 113. Yorum: Magnificent 114. Yorum: Not recommended.... 115. Comment: Formidable 116. Comment: ............. snsms. 117. Yorum: Very nice experience! Competent and friendly staff. |Listening to the customer and their concerns. |Complete and diversified installations. The SPA staff are very friendly and helpful. |The main restaurant is very well kept. I recommend. 118. Yorum: The Kremlin Palace is a large, well-established hotel that has recently been trying to expand into the UK holiday market. We really enjoyed our week here. |Room: spacious, clean and well equipped (pump bottles… 119. Yorum: Great place. We are here just now and the hotel is great, lots of activities and things to do. Overall the food is good and there are plenty of options. The a la carte concept is great. Relations with the … 120. Yorum: We ended up in this hotel because of a double booking, so it was not our choice with a 4 year old, we were not sure if it would be a good hotel. But it wasn't too bad for us. This hotel has a lot of … 121. Yorum: We stopped here for 7 days. The food choices were very good and the staff couldn't have been more helpful in making you feel welcome. There are plenty of bars in the complex and the evening entertainment was good... 122. Yorum: The hotel is very beautiful and big! The holiday was just great. The food is very tasty and varied. The rooms are spacious and clean. There are several swimming pools. The evening entertainment is very interesting. The animation … 123. Yorum: The hotel is beautiful from the moment you walk in, you are greeted and given lots of information and assistance from a wonderful staff. The room we were assigned is in Block 1 and is beautiful. We were given… 124. Yorum: The Kremlin Palace is a wonderful hotel with polite staff. When we arrived, they helped us with our luggage. At the reception we were greeted by Magomed Isaev, polite, he told us everything about the hotel and … 125. Yorum: The Kremlin Palace Hotel left an overall positive impression. We came as a family and particularly enjoyed the two-story family room - with bathrooms and toilets on each floor. The service is … 126. Yorum: Excellent hotel, excellent food, 24 hour food and drinks is a blessing for us as it meets our needs. The hotel itself is clean and spacious. The staff is very friendly. I recommend it to anyone who really wants to have a wonderful vacation. We will return 127. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 10 days, room 1543 was very nice, spacious and comfortable. Your housekeeping was done every day and the minibar was restocked every day. Drinks served in bars are … 128. Yorum: The quality of service was good. The employees were interested. The rooms were cleaned daily, there was plenty of food and drink, there was a food court everywhere you turned.