1. Comment: Repulsive staff, bad food 2. Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Hotel for 6 nights as a mother and daughter, everyone was friendly and attentive from the moment we checked in. Our room had a sea view from the balcony and was very spacious and clean. The food was diverse and delicious. The sea was a little rocky, but despite being very beautiful, we didn't get tired of it, and the women's pool was also very nice and fun. In short, the hotel was generally good and we were satisfied. It was especially nice that the staff were friendly and gave us special attention. Especially public relations Ms. Melodi, restaurant chef Mr. Ali, spa manager Ms. Deniz, reception Ms. Pınar, restaurant staff Mr. Nevzat and Ms. Gülfidan, security guards Sevgi and Ayşegül and many others whose names I cannot mention much to the employee. 3. Yorum: I was at the hotel in the first week of October. Since it was the end of the season, the hotel was quite quiet. We were able to use the pool and the beach comfortably. When the sea was calm, especially the last three days it was very calm and clear, the swimming was pleasant The transitions from the hotel to here Since it was short, the round trip took a little time. The pool and beach cafes were plentiful with drinks and food. I had lunch here. The dining room was large and spacious and the food was delicious. The rooms were cleaned daily. All the staff, from security to the dining room, from the cleaning staff to the pool and cafe staff, were friendly and passionate about their jobs and helped us immediately with our requests. The points I found lacking were that there was no room for movement in the room due to the objects in the room and the animations for the children were interrupted. We would like to thank again Mrs. Melodi and the entire hotel team. 4. Yorum: We spent our summer holidays at Atlas Beach both in September 2023 and 2024. In our opinion, there are many positive aspects. But I can't help but say that the check-in time at the hotel is very late, check-in at 15.00 and check-out at 11.00. In fact, almost half the day is wasted. There is definitely a logical explanation, such as the rooms being cleaned, but I think the difference between check-in and check-out times should be addressed. Apart from that, first of all, the staff is really very caring and friendly. I would like to especially thank the lifeguard Ms. Hatice, she was very friendly :) Of course, the rooms are a bit old, I can't make a bad comment about the cleanliness, but since the bathrooms are a bit old, I didn't like it very much. Yes, the food had a lot of variety and was generally delicious, only the dessert section had more variety but the taste was the same. In other words, there are 5-6 types of desserts with the same taste, the logic of their preparation is always the same, but the decorations on them are different. It was the same as last year, the desserts haven't changed much 😂 the restaurant section was very clean, airy and adequate, we were satisfied with this situation. Snake bar had almost the same things. Hamburgers and pancakes as fast food. Pasta, salad, chicken cream, fruit, fries, etc. It was enough for us, but I can say that there was little variety for those who want to try different tastes. In my opinion, it is a price/performance hotel. I stayed 3 nights and 4 days and it was full and pleasant. Thank you to all employees 5. Yorum: Don't believe the bad comments you've read about this facility. For a 4-star facility, the food is very good, plentiful and delicious, the staff attentive and competent. The sea side is, after all, the Mediterranean is undulating and deepening rapidly. This is a situation that exists in the Mediterranean region. If you say there is nothing wrong with this hotel? Yes, there is. PEOPLE Yes, the pride and arrogance of the people in this hotel is at its peak. They paid a fee, the others act as if they are sitting for free, they don't stand in line to eat, 3 people buy 10 meatballs and eat 5, the rest are thrown away (THE CONCEPT OF ALL INCLUSIVE VACATION NEEDS TO BE REALLY DISCUSSED) In ​​short, it would be it would make more sense if there were a little more human comments instead of stupid comments when you comment. We understand that you came on vacation, but how human is it to see people down, even if they are on vacation. Finally, I would like to give a special thanks to the hotel staff, Mrs. Melodi, Abla Observatory, the lifeguard at the mixed pool and Mrs. Seren My son's leg was in a cast and they received us with extra care AGAIN. 6. Yorum: I was in August 2021. It is a hotel in the city There is no parking, you park your car somewhere on the street, but being a market area, you have to go somewhere else on the day of the fair. The pool was very quiet. There was a little water in the men's pool. Next to it was a small pool for small children, and the water slide in this pool was broken. The sea was very rough, we couldn't use it at all. I may have eaten here the worst food I have ever eaten in my life. Upon entering the restaurant there is an extremely strong smell and this happens at every meal every day. Everything but pasta and fries is garbage. How does a rwstorant manage to make boiled eggs so bad? We come to the restaurant we go to every night for pasta, hoping we can eat something other than pasta. There are chicken skewers, so we put it on the plate because it tastes terrible. Desserts seem to be served as if they had a deal with the company to serve stale products to make them cheaper. The entertainment is 3/5, the rest of the room, cleanliness, pool, everything is 2/5, the food is 0/5. I definitely don't recommend going there just because it's cheap. 7. Yorum: On August 27, 2024, I went to the hotel with great hesitation. I had a problem with the camera on the first try, but it was fixed in no time. Other than that, everything was fine. Our room was cleaned as often as we wanted. The food... 8. Yorum: I had 10 great days. I would like to thank the hotel staff one by one. They made me feel at home. To Mrs. Melodi, whose smiling face and care are endless, to Mr. Ali, the gentleman who brought service to our table along with his delicious tea and coffee, to dear Simge, who not only makes pancakes, but greets us with them. friendly attitude, to Gizem who is a savior and attentive, I would like to thank the beautiful Aytül who made us feel comfortable in terms of security, the maids who met all our needs upstairs, valuable cooks and assistants to them who served delicious meals. , and finally the one and only sister Nuran, who not only runs the hotel market, but is always available to listen like an older sister. I'm glad I came to Atlas. With much love... 9. Yorum: We came to this hotel with a vacation plan of 5 nights and 6 days at the end of July, but unfortunately we could not meet our expectations. We checked into the hotel at 3am on Monday and spent most of the holiday in our room and in the hospital as my son, my wife and then I got an infection on Wednesday morning. During this process, I talked to many families who were sick like us. Although the excuse of an epidemic is given, the hotel has a large share in the spread of this epidemic because there is no hygiene in the hotel. The hotel pool was small, crowded and dirty. The sea was extremely rough and all the mess was on the shore. I can say that the food is the same every day. Although the variety seemed abundant, it was extremely repetitive and this made us suspect our disease. The same salads were available for days. The room I entered on Monday was not cleaned until Thursday, the towels and linen were not changed. When my son apologized twice, they changed the sheets on our single bed. Room cleaning was done after I asked. They didn't even bother to put liquid soap in the bathroom during our stay. When I first entered the room, I encountered half a dirty toilet paper. The elevators are extremely small and inadequate. The elevator waiting area is incredibly small and stuffy. 6. There were times when we had to walk up to the floor. There were no animators in the pools, and the activities were almost non-existent. The mini club was open for half an hour at 21.30 in the evening. Then there was the show for adults, but it wasn't enough. It is really weird to put the kids in a miniclub close to bedtime and not have them do any activities during the day. We went to this hotel with a price-performance ratio and did not even have high expectations, and left with great disappointment. Would I come again? Not... The reason for the delay in commenting, which I should have done as soon as it came out, is that we have another week of sickness and hospitalization after that. 5 days of vacation cost us 10 days of illness. We even had to hospitalize my son. The hotel process and afterwards were truly a disgrace. 10. Yorum: First of all, I would like to start from the moment I first entered the hotel. The hotel does not have a parking lot, park on the street in front of it. You cannot leave your car waiting in front of the hotel for too long, you must transport your luggage as soon as possible. It is said that now there is only one elsewhere. To get to the rooms, you go through the restaurant, through the smells of food, and the dining area does not get natural air to some extent, but after a while, you don't like the food. When I entered the room, there were no towels in the room. When I told the housekeeper, I got the answer that there were no clean towels in the rooms I understood when I entered. The bottom of the bed was full of dust that had never been wiped. They were really coarse crumbs of garbage. The room's balcony overlooked a dilapidated building. Food smells come right into the room. There is no possibility to sit on the balcony due to the lingering smells. During this period, it was very difficult to manage the children on the track and the sleeping hours passed. 11. Yorum: Hello, We booked the hotel after reading the comments, but we were very worried about the last comments, especially about the illness. We were very pleased. As someone who stayed in Wome and Adin, there is no comparison. However, Seastar and Atlas are holiday villages with the same concept. The women's pool was very large and clean. The mixed pool was quiet in the first 3 days, but then it got crowded. As for cleanliness, customers come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. This is not the fault of the hotel. Employees warn. It is forbidden to swim without a cap, but still our people do not listen. The ladies who work in the rescue team were very interested. The staff is friendly and caring. There is a real family atmosphere. Also, the manager, Ms. Melodi, was very interested. I have specifically pointed out the shortcomings. The rooms are old and not cleaned well. There were two days of good cleaning and then it's missing. Because of the employee here. The hotel has undergone a small renovation in terms of lobby and elevator. This year the rooms will also be renovated and the deficiencies will be filled. The comments written here vary depending on the person's expectations. Diarrhea and vomiting are not caused by the hotel. It was indeed an epidemic in Alanya. Our friends also experienced discomfort in Wome. Our people really like to exaggerate. As for the food, it was very filling and delicious. In other hotels, yes, the decorations were more appealing to the eye. They could pay a little more attention to this issue. The animation team really entertained our children. We watched the Turkish night, fire show, light show, etc. The women's matinee was also very entertaining. We are thinking of coming again next year. We are thinking of coming again, especially since there will be renovations. 12. Yorum: We stayed 6 nights with our 3-year-old child. The middle of September was the ideal time for us. I spent my vacation in this hotel last year. Some changes have been made to the restaurant and lobby area. The fact that the pools and the sea were close to each other, the friendly staff and that it was a family hotel were the reasons for our preference. Overall, it is a hotel that we are satisfied with, but it has shortcomings in terms of cleanliness, repair and maintenance of rooms. The taste of the food is average and the menus are constantly repeated. Appetizers and desserts are always the same, you can't tell if they are old or new. I guess the evening shows weren't entertaining enough because they were at the end of the season. Last year was better. We would like to thank Ms. Melodi for her interest in human resources. Sister Fatma from the ladies pool recognized me, she is a very friendly and sincere lady. The lady in the hall needs to choose another profession, she has an irrelevant temperament for this job. 13. Yorum: We, two families, left yesterday at five o'clock from the hotel where we stayed. I went with great hesitation when I saw the comments God have mercy on the people who made really bad comments. Either their standards were too high, they lowered their standards for economic reasons and brought them to a hotel that didn't meet their expectations, or they never had a vacation before. Everything in the hotel is a four star hotel with full price performance. The food is very diverse and delicious. Some appetizers become sour because they are brought over and over again, because there is no demand for them because the grilled main course is sought after. Sometimes the inside of the grills is raw, and that's because of the impatience of our people There's a line, so the grill staff can't keep up. Employees are cleaning the place with hand sanitizers. The children's pool in the mixed section has been closed twice because of children's faeces. There is a lot of waste, unfortunately, there are unfinished plates and untouched dishes on most of the tables. People choosing Muslim hotels should ask themselves first. There are many actions that do not suit Muslims, this is the real problem and it is very sad. There are many foreign guests. The depth and size of the pools are sufficient, but my wife did not use the pool much because the women preferred the mixed pool. come to your feet, it is not very disturbing. It's usually wavy, but this was a different kind of fun for us. Being right next to the sea is a big advantage. All types of food are available at the poolside restaurants, animations and entertainment at the pool are sufficient and nice. Most importantly, their dedicated and sincere young staff are all very friendly and helpful in every way. Brothers Mehmet and Erdem in the pool area, Simge the rinser, Rümeysa the entertainer, Ladies Sultan and Culia in the ladies pool and of course Miss Melodine, they all take care of the guests one by one as if they were hosting guests. in their house. In short, we were more dissatisfied with the people staying at the hotel than with the hotel itself. And the worst thing that happened to us was that our friend's glasses were stolen when he forgot his glasses in the sink. Again, there is nothing the hotel can do about this as there is no room in the sink. The hotel has the most Islamic concept of the hotels I've been to For example, I'm not allowed to bring phones into the ladies pool, but those who come should look. I certainly recommend it. 14. Yorum: I was in two families in August 2024. We were very satisfied with the hotel as a whole. The food was delicious and there was a lot of variety. The rooms were also very nice, big and clean. The pools were also sufficient. Mrs. Melodi took care of us in the women's section, we thank her. The price was also good compared to other hotels If the prices were reasonable we would like to go again. I recommend it to those who are going to go on the 15th. Yorum: We as a family were satisfied with the hotel. The staff is friendly, warm and helpful. It is a wonderful hotel where people from my conservative country can stay with peace of mind. The location is beautiful, the beach is good, the sea is rocky, but the water is beautiful. The pool is good. The windows of the roadside rooms need to be better insulated as the noise comes in and is disturbing. However, the beauty of the hotel makes you ignore these negatives. The food is sufficient and delicious, the dining room is very spacious and clean. Although there is a lot of variety in desserts, they generally have the same tastes, but there can be different varieties. The reason we recommend this hotel is that my children want to come to the same hotel next year. You can visit with peace of mind. We were happy and left sad. We would like to thank the hotel owners and officials for providing us with such organizations. See you again. 16. Yorum: I had some hesitations about the hotel I visited for the first time. When we entered the hotel, we would like to thank each and every one of them, from the security guard at the entrance to the reception staff, all the cooks, waiters, lifeguards and all other hotel staff who are always at your service. they work and perform their duties with a smiling face. The rooms were a little below expectations, but the food was enough for us. The pool side, which belonged to the women we spent the most time with and looked after, was extremely good. We had a very comfortable and fun vacation. The employees in this department, Ms. Fatma, Ms. Sebahat, Ms. Julya and Funda were very nice and caring employees. We talked, played and had fun together. Mrs. Melodi, in charge of public relations, was very attentive and relevant, as was the owner of the hotel. They helped us have a good time. The lifeguard friends were attentive to their duties to his entertaining music. We would like to thank each and every one of them. 17. Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 3 years. I left on Saturday. I would like to rate the 3rd year compared to others Compared to the previous 2 years, major changes have been made this year. The dining hall was enlarged and an additional elevator was added to the two elevators. It's good that it's under renovation. I hope it will be better. The food is very good for a 4-star hotel. It is both delicious and diverse. Every night there is always fish, chicken, red meat or meatballs. What could be more in the matter of meat? They serve doner kebab, pita bread, various salads, appetizers, milk desserts, sherbet desserts and baklava, all fresh. When it comes to food, our people are greedy and when there is so much variety, they buy it all and it all goes to waste. However, last year there was more variety at breakfast, for example there were all kinds of cookies and desserts, this year it was reduced. There were various kinds of soups, now I haven't seen any other soups and what's more, they were extremely spicy. They caught our attention. Last year there were special events for Turkish Night every Friday, this year we skipped Turkish Night, they didn't do anything good for August 30 Victory Day either. At least everywhere could have been decorated with flags, but I think it was not a big shortcoming. I think the cleanliness issue is relative because we have been greeted with a spotless room every year we have come. Especially this year, when I was checking in, I noticed that the liquid soap was missing. Bed linen and towels were changed every 2 days. Even though our room was a family room this year, it was small, I think that was the only problem. Last year I had a very large room. As a family with 2 children, we had a lot of stuff and it bothered me a little that there wasn't even enough room to open the suitcase. We wanted to change the room but had to because all the rooms were full. The staff are very warm and friendly, whether it's the restaurant staff, the tearoom or by the pool, they all do their job with dedication. Especially despite the fact that she is 61 years old, Sister Culia is both fun and very fast. Mehmet and his brother at the pool were the brothers I loved for 3 years, he is there again this year and he does his job well. They were all hardworking and didn't do what I said. We thank each of them. There is still entertainment for kids and adults, but we have been seeing the same stuff for 3 years, it's boring, we need to change it now. The sea is said to be rough and dirty. Yes, the sea is wavy because it is also open sea and it is constantly making waves because the yachts are passing by. But this is fun. Children have fun only with their fingers. There are sand and stones left at the bottom of the pools. Yes, people come from the sea and jump into the pool without showering. This should be prevented, but no one listens to the officials. The color changes significantly in the evening, I think the water circulation should be better. Our lovely director, Mrs. Melodi, is very friendly and caring. He was very talkative. We had a great time with him in the ladies pool. We, two families, came to the hotel this year. Our friend's son broke his arm the first night and was immediately put in a cast. Mrs. Melodi immediately did what they needed, came to their rooms, took care of them and arranged the staff. Ice needed to be added every hour and the staff brought it right away. Even though they wanted to take their vacation pay and leave, they wouldn't accept it. They had to finish the holiday without ever swimming in the pool or the sea There should have been a separate solution but they are very strict. They were not helpful The biggest problem is the parking. As it is a hotel set up in a settlement, it does not have a large area and you have to park your vehicles on the side of the road wherever you find it. As we traveled around Alanya several times to see different beaches, we had to constantly look for a parking space. Overall, not a hotel for people with high expectations. As someone who has been to many different 5 star hotels, we came without excessive expectations and left satisfied. A hotel suitable for the all-inclusive concept with a reasonable price. It is successful as a value-for-money hotel. I recommend this Islamic concept hotel to everyone. 18. Yorum: I am writing from the hotel right now. Unfortunately, I read bad comments about the hotel after I made the reservation. We also worried about the future with our 5-month-old. I read that the disease was common in the hotel and that there is no cleaning. Believe me, I came with fear, but fortunately I have never experienced anything like this. Room cleaning is done every morning at the hotel. Our sister who cleans the 6th floor does a very good job, we were very satisfied. Our room was not very spacious, but there are also spacious rooms in the hotel. You can specify it at the time of booking. The food is generally the same but delicious. It can work on types of food. The desserts always come out the same. The employees are very friendly. There are 3 elevators, I had no problems. There were people who said we were queuing for the elevator, but I didn't experience anything like that. There is activity every evening. The pools are big. The sea is full of rocks, so make sure you bring beach shoes. In short, we were satisfied. We would love to come again. We also want to thank Ms. Melodi. Greets guests leaving the hotel at the door. It's like he's saying goodbye to home ☺️ 19. Yorum: I make this comment in the name of humanity. I have no interest and have never had a problem with the hotel before. Whether you take it seriously or not is up to you. I stayed 4 nights at this hotel and my last day was extremely miserable. The nausea, the vomiting, the diarrhea, the body aches didn't kill me, but they made me crawl. Of course, the kids are exhausted too. It never went away, I couldn't eat or drink anything, I went to Alanya State Hospital, it took about half an hour, the hospital said you have an infection, they gave me antibiotics, an injection and we're back. I slept soundly that day. For better or for worse, we returned to our hometown the next day, this time the children had a fever, weakness, they couldn't take it anymore, we took them to the hospital, they said they were infected, they couldn't start school, and even though their fever went down, it didn't go away even though they used antibiotics. My stomach still hurts. Nausea checks us from time to time, Atlas Beach is over for us. I called it Hotel Mystical. It will remain in our minds as a bad memory. Long story short, don't go and stop anyone from leaving. There were 3 families in total, we are all sick now, that's all I have to say, thank you! 20. Comment: Am stat 3 bell. We went there without high expectations for price and performance anyway. The evening meals are very diverse, there are also plenty of desserts, there is just a lack of taste, do not expect very delicious food every day, breakfast is the same every day and there are almost all kinds. Since we have lunch by the pool, there are standard burgers, salads, fruit, pasta, etc. The mixed pool and the one for children are next to each other and I think that men should not have such an expectation if they are going to swim in the pool because they can only go to the mixed pool, it is small and crowded. Children can enter each pool, there are no restrictions. There are 3 pools in the women's section, a beautiful tall women's pool, sunbeds, coffee, sterile, music... The evening entertainment was nice. These are the things I liked, it was more than enough for us with 2 kids. But what can I say about people's waste, bad use of toilets, carelessness and disregard for rules It seems that they can do many things here that they could not do in the countries they came from? As you can see from here, many people come from abroad. The rooms were beautiful in terms of structure etc. but the bathroom was terrible. It was a heavy smell. I asked for the room to be cleaned and when I saw how they cleaned it (or rather they didn't clean it) I didn't say anything. He wiped the bathroom floor with a foot towel and in the meantime I left the room When I came back it was just wiped like this, everywhere was stained and the sink remained in the same state. Even though they had to change the towels, I said and they did. The bottom of the bed was very dirty. The shower door wouldn't close and there was black dirt everywhere. The restaurant staff was very very nice They were friendly and hardworking thank you all. 21. Yorum: I definitely do not recommend it!! Many guests developed infectious diseases. We came as 3 families and all three got sick. When I went to the emergency doctor, the doctor said it was probably because of the pool and the food, and at the hotel I met 5-6 other families with the same complaint. The rooms are very small, dirty and not cleaned regularly. The balcony door does not open and the air conditioning motors are blocked. The voices of the guests in the next room are heard. The food served at the pool is the same and unhealthy every day, there is absolutely no variety. The bottom of the pools was always full of sea sand. The animations are completely unsuccessful, especially for women, and old music is played constantly. There were people entering the women's pool in normal clothes and nothing was said about it. There was also a woman who came in wearing socks and again nothing was said. The concept of hygiene is absolutely foreign in this hotel. The Wi-Fi connection in the hotel does not work at all. The elevators run very slowly and you often have to wait a long time. It is almost impossible to find a place to sit for dinner. The sea was very dirty and the ladies in bikinis from the hotel next door were passing us very easily and there was no one to warn us about it. The hotel definitely does not deserve 4 stars. 22. Yorum: Before I start, I want to say this, don't be calm. I have seen how shameless we can be with our money. Firstly, our rooms were very cramped and dirty, nothing in the way of cleanliness. The food was very bad, the same potatoes every day, the same onion rings, the same appetizers and they all soured because they served the same appetizers every day. Faeces were left in the pool and they closed the pool that day and opened it the next day, without changing the water, they just removed the faeces and opened the pool to everyone, however friendly the employees are. Can't say the same about the hotel. I don't recommend you come here, don't even pass by it. We ate to keep from being hungry for 4 days. It is truly a shame. Instead of coming here, I recommend you spend an extra 10 thousand TL and go to the Model Palaces... 23. Comment: I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and 4 days. Let me talk about the good and the bad. First, let me talk about the bad aspects: 1. There is no parking, you can park on the street where the hotel is located, but being the Wednesday market, you are called to tow the vehicle on Tuesday evening. Don't pull up in front of the hotel, they call you in the middle of the night saying an ambulance is coming. 2. The elevators are very inadequate. There are 2 elevators for 4 people each, because the hotel is very busy, there is a queue for the elevator and you can wait a few minutes. Especially the 4th floor and the stairs above are very tiring. If you have a baby stroller, you have to wait for the elevator like us. 3. There is a walking distance between the hotel building, the pool and the beach. Go through the underground passage. This can tire those who don't want to walk. 4. It was very crowded, there were people everywhere. 5. The sea was very wavy (It is not related to the hotel, but I write it for the information of those who want to go) The good sides of: 1. There was a mixed pool, one for women and one for children, and it was beautiful. 2. I was satisfied with the taste and variety of the dishes. 3. I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room and the attention of the staff. There were animation shows on the 4th evening, they were very good, I watched them with interest. 5. The sneak bar by the pool was very good. You can eat and drink whenever you are hungry. 24. Yorum: I have been on vacation in many places and I have never commented, but after a vacation in this hotel, I felt the need to comment. First of all, the problem started here, they didn't give me the room shown on the reservation. They gave me a room half the size of it. Although we talked for days, they said we don't have another room, they can't change it. Another problem is that there is no ventilation in the room's toilet and it smells very bad. The hotel was so crowded, the pools were full, the dining room was full of people everywhere, for the first time I counted the days until a holiday was over immediately. The good part is that the staff try to do their job well Despite the crowd, every evening there was entertainment, there could be games for children. 25. Yorum: The food was of high quality and really delicious. The swimming pool is very beautiful, especially the children's pool is wonderful, the children had so much fun that they never wanted to leave. The sea is a bit dirty and choppy, but not impenetrable. We were greeted by Mrs. Melodi at the entrance and exit of the hotel, we thanked her for her care, we were very satisfied with her because she is a person who takes care of her guests one by one and we leave satisfied. I would like to thank the staff personally, they were all bright and smiling young people, God bless them all, we were very pleased. You can come and stay quietly, we stayed in the family room, both rooms had air conditioning and TV. As for the cons, I think it would be much better if part of the pool was shaded. The breakfast with lots of goodies ends, the snacks at the pool begin, once it's ready, lunch, dinner, drinks are unlimited anyway 🤣 I came here on recommendation and I recommend it to those around me... 26. Yorum: I stayed four nights in the family room in August at the hotel chosen for the halal concept. The rooms were clean. The staff was friendly. But I couldn't find any taste in the food. For example, the veal was tough. There was one turkey dish in particular that cut our teeth hard. It was frustrating to wait in line for twenty minutes and not find a place to sit in the main course. The thing that demoralized us the most was that almost all the drinks were produced by the "boycott" and were not bottled. If we had known beforehand, we would never have left. Wouldn't someone give the kids some ice cream? What's not, they are only served on Fridays between 7-9. The sea was close but rocky, cloudy and wavy. Conclusion: It will be our first and last visit. It is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. Deserved 2 stars. 27. Yorum: Although we were not satisfied on the first day, probably because we went in the busiest season (23-26 August, 2 adults and 4 children), we saved our holiday from being bad when we acted accordingly on the days next. The restaurant is very busy during the first 45 minutes of the meal and the water slide pool is generally busy. The women are mostly in the mixed pool and slide section. There should be a private pool for men. In Islamic hotels, while there is a private pool for women, it is very inconvenient for them to come to the mixed pool and it makes it crowded. An affordable hotel for its price. There is no parking, parking is a big problem. Can't find a free space on the street, in fact there is a street market on Tuesdays on the street the hotel is on and vehicles have to be towed on Monday evenings. Although it is a personal problem that people who come to the pool from the sea bring sand into the pools, placing the showers in a visible and more accessible place can solve this problem. The pool water is generally not clean, it is cloudy and the bottom is not visible. There are lifeguards at the pool and on the beach. The duty of pool lifeguards may be to help in the event of drowning, but there must be someone to regulate the process of sliding into the pool and ensure safety. As my 7 year old daughter was sliding down the slide, before she even got off the slide to the pool, she was hit quickly and hard in the head by the large adult coming up behind her. Even if it intervenes with an ice bottle, there must be safety. The room sizes are nice, the family rooms have double TVs and double air conditioning. The rooms are clean, cleaning is done every day at your request. The best thing about the hotel is that its staff is friendly and helpful. The food is ok, the dessert quality is very low. Coffee machines have a very low flavor content and use water. The architectural plan of the hotel was planned to include many rooms, and the kitchen and elevator stairs were omitted. Getting to the lift is a challenge due to the width and location of the stairs Everything is much more difficult in the busy season, especially for families with babies and children. The grill in the restaurant area is disturbing because of the strong smell, and because of the unconscious individual use of the toaster in the morning, there is a lot of smell. The ventilation in the restaurant is inadequate. Replanning the restaurant section in an accessible way will solve the problem. When you enter the restaurant, you are directed to the first grill section, which makes the line long. This can be arranged by directing it to the first course section or the salad section. It would be much better if the grill section was moved to another corner of the restaurant. It is good that it is easy to move from the pool to the beach area. Although there is a sandy part of the sea, during busy times you have to slide to the stony and rocky parts, you have to use sea shoes. There are always people fishing on the rocks on the beach, throwing bait and bread, there is mostly dirt in the sea water… 28. Yorum: Considering that the hotel is a 4-star hotel, it is generally a price-performance hotel. Since it was the end of the season, I think the hotel was enough. In August or July, this hotel can be very annoying. As for the food, the stews and salads were nice, but the desserts and appetizers were stale, and the barbecue was a bit of a let down, unfortunately. Drinks are unlimited and affordable. The pools are large, but the cleanliness is inadequate. The pool snacks are insufficient and the variety is limited. Unfortunately the rooms are old and narrow and the beds are not very comfortable. Air conditioner TV not working properly. Most employees are interested in the service. But this hotel can leave a bad impression because of the employees who don't do their job well. 29. Yorum: Experienced the hotel for the first time this year. Yes, there are some problems, especially in the cleanliness department, but I think that Ms. Melodi, the public relations employee, has put in an incredible effort and interest and can fix them. The food is good, not bad. The evening events are very pleasant and of high quality. Poolside facilities are inadequate, you get bored after a while. We liked the sea, there is no volleyball court, you go next door to play. It can be preferred if you don't keep your expectations too high. 30. Yorum: I left the hotel today. The staff is friendly and caring. The meat products are generally not fully cooked and we were not happy with this aspect even the meatballs were not fully cooked and the inside always remained red. Bitter was used a lot in stews. Anyone who wants hot peppers can plant them. Overall, we were not satisfied with the food. There was a lady Fatma in the women's pool, we had met before when I came, I was happy to see her again. She is sweet and friendly and does her job well. There was also a waiter whose name I read as Sedat from his badge. A very kind and dignified person, he was there every shift from breakfast to night, we really laugh at that intensity, thank God. Even though we were satisfied with the food, it was indescribable. 31. Yorum: The rooms are small and there is only one wardrobe with a broken door. The hotel constantly smells bad. The sea is very wavy and small rocks break your feet The kiddie pool was good, the other pools were too warm, think of the germs there, people were bumping into each other, it was overcrowded while swimming, their noises gave me headaches. The elevator is not enough so I took the stairs down to the 3rd floor None of the grilled dishes cooked for dinner are cooked, they all go to waste, the same fries, onion rings, spaghetti, deserts The same salads and appetizers I am equally interested by foreigners, we were told you will buy drinks and fruit from their tables, the employees are nice people. Greetings brother who makes waffles and sister with glasses who makes pancakes They moved our car 4 times We don't come anymore, we barely lasted 7 days, let me also note that we got sick 😂. 32. Yorum: I came here after reading all the comments and I was very hesitant. If I had to evaluate it objectively, considering the price I paid, I can say that it was a value-for-money vacation. The rooms were very small and old. the food was average. The sea was choppy but we enjoyed it. Aquatic water was very sufficient for the children. So it would be very wrong to judge this place based on someone else's comment. Because we came with 3 families, one liked it a lot and the other didn't. What matters is what you compare it to. You won't find another hotel like this at this price. Well, to be honest, I didn't really like it either, but the more bread, the more meatballs. I'm posting photos of my experience here, especially the kitchen part. pleasant vacation 33. Yorum: Today is the 4th day at the hotel in a week and it's going very well. I was pleased because every day there is a new activity for children and adults. I wanted to write that I really enjoyed today's live music and magic show event. There is no need for words about the hotel service. Everything is impeccably clean, everything is very beautiful, the food is very delicious and there are many varieties, the breakfast is also the same, the employees are very kind and attentive, Mrs. make pancakes is a very sweet lady, she is smiling, caring and very delicious. It really makes pancakes 😊 I wanted to comment to express my satisfaction, but I saw so many irrelevant and bad comments that I forgot even the few good things I could write here. I'm really shocked. If I wasn't at the hotel, I wouldn't see it or know about it, I would believe the comments 😂😂😂 It's so irrelevant. You should not trust the comments. I'm currently at the hotel, I'm very sad because I only have a few days left, and I say this with all sincerity, I wish I could extend my vacation a little. As far as I can see a smear campaign has been launched for the Atlas Hotel Obviously there is no other explanation here but please don't, it is people's right to make false and wrong comments. If you have a problem, you can call or they will help you immediately at the reception. For example, we thought the air conditioner was broken, but we couldn't turn it on, but we called and they helped us right away, thank you. I'm glad I didn't look at the comments, otherwise I wouldn't have come, I don't know, but now I say I'm glad I came and saw, God willing, as a family :) 34. Yorum: It is affordable from the point of view of the vacation Considering the price you pay, it is enough. The women's pool is suitable in every way. The mixed group is very crowded. As a conservative, we were completely over our expectations of women's necks being exposed. Mixing is not very conservative for our boys and male spouses, also not suitable for women. it is normal. The food was not bad in terms of taste, it was a hygienic environment at least an alternative should have been shown… There were extremely small flies in the communal toilets But when I asked for cleaning and towels, I encountered delays. Magician It shouldn't have been done, especially to watch out for our children. There is no magician in our religion. In the end, there were dangerous contents in the acrobat show, regardless of the age group, they can try, the children remain questioned, until I give an explanation... I hope he won't try, no one wakes up. Number 10 staff were very polite, understanding and friendly. The sea is extremely wavy. The establishment of the market made it very difficult to enter the hotel. We parked far from the hotel and moved our things. 35. Yorum: I am one of those who read the comments and were upset after making a reservation at a very affordable price. However, despite its minor shortcomings, we had a holiday that we are glad we went on. Although the lobby area was a bit small, it was new and shiny. Ample space was allocated for the restaurant and its design was beautiful. Apart from the desserts, the food varieties were good and delicious. It was obvious that they spared no expense (of the 7-8 conservative hotels I've visited, this was the first time I ran into trouble here.) The rooms are also spacious and renovated. The furniture etc is good, but the wardrobe is insufficient, a bit small. You don't have any expectations about the balcony, I only used it to dry clothes. The cleanliness in the room was good. Although the mixed pool is a bit small, the women's pool is big and beautiful. But the big pool is really too hot, it should be at least 5' cooler. The temperature of the water slide pool was good, the kids were always there. Pool cleaning was good. The sea is calm in the morning but becomes a bit choppy in the afternoon. There were no activities other than entertainment for children. 36. Yorum: I left the hotel today. I stay in a lot of hotels because of my job. This time I chose it for the holiday. If you look at the comments, your psychology may deteriorate. On the contrary, it is a very decent hotel. The children seem very happy because the children's pool is nice. Unfortunately, the sea is bad. Of course not because of the hotel, but a pier is a must. Standard rooms are small but functional. The food lives up to its above average star. Sunbeds are available on the beach. I thought the hotel was clean. As a family, we really enjoyed it. We left happy, thanks for everything. Note: If you go by personal vehicle, don't forget to go to Alanya Castle. 37. Yorum: If you are used to luxury hotels, you will experience disappointment and adjustment problems upon arrival. The good aspects of the hotel in my opinion The hotel is a nice hotel only for children. They had a great time in the children's pool with water park. The children had fun at the events that took place every evening. We liked it too. The taste of the food is 6 out of 10. You won't be hungry. Drinks service is good from morning till 00:00 in the evening. In general, it should be evaluated in terms of price performance. That's why I gave it 4 points. Negative aspects of the hotel, in my opinion The hotel has no parking. There is no valet service. The hotel elevators are very inadequate, you have to stand in line constantly. It is also small and neglected. The rooms could also be better maintained. The shower cabin is forced open. Her fountain and sink are very old. The unlit lamps in front of the elevator on the floors were not repaired, despite my warning. I looked at the good aspects of my family and left satisfied. Finally, I think that the concept of an all-inclusive hotel does not suit pious people. Because you cause waste even if you don't want to. It's almost impossible to have a waste-free holiday. That's why I decided to stop coming to hotels with this concept. 38. Yorum: I stayed 5 nights at the hotel. Unfortunately, the cleaning was very bad. There are too many mosquitoes in the room. The rooms are not properly furnished. towels and sheets were not changed regularly. I said it a few times, but it was changed. Plates with leftover food were left in the hallway next to the trash. He stayed near the garbage for 1 day. I finally told the front desk and it was accepted. Major cleanliness measures must be taken. It is also an Islamic hotel, but unfortunately they use boycott products. And there is a clothing problem in the mixed pool. We came here because we were conservative, but some bathing suits for ladies were against the concept. It was very clear. When I made the reservation, my wife specifically asked me to be careful and warn her. 39. Comment: The hotel is too expensive and overrated. The rooms are narrow and old, with a lot of similar scratches on the walls and a terrible noise from the toilet sink (which wakes my child up every time). In addition, there are 6 floors with only 2 elevators, each of which can only carry 4 people. So you have to wait a long time. Let's not forget the non-functional buttons in the elevators, the lack of oxygen in the hallways and the very delayed cleaning of the room. One can overlook these things, but they should definitely affect and lower the hotel's rating. But on the other hand, they are very generous with the amount of very delicious and varied food. And for swimming pools, there is a true halal concept where you cannot find any woman or man in inappropriate Islamic swimwear. Also, the pools are large with slides where all family members can enjoy their time. 40. Yorum: I entered the hotel on September 2 and stayed 4 nights. The moment I enter the hotel, I feel like I'm entering the doors of a different world. The hotel rooms were comfortable and clean. The passage from the hotel to the sea and pool area is provided by a tunnel. Having the pool and the sea in the same place offers a great advantage. I can't help but say that the hotel staff is always cheerful and quick to solve problems, especially the public relations specialist. The variety of food is enough, but the grills are a bit raw. The only problem I encountered was that my daughter and my wife had a throat infection, but when you asked our doctor, I did not pay much attention to him because he generally talked about an epidemic. In the evening, different animation teams made our time enjoyable. In general, we really liked the hotel and noted it among those we plan to visit again in the year 🤗 41. Comment: I stayed 4 nights at the hotel. Hotel location etc. Very good, but there is a parking problem. Also, the rooms need to be arranged. The soda in the room I stayed in was not working and the rooms were a bit old. The food was very good and the variety was very sufficient. We would also like to thank the restaurant's chef, Mr. Ali, for his interest and care. We would also like to thank Fatma Çakır, Melike and all the other staff in the women's pool. We had a nice holiday, we had a great time in the evening, it was a different show every night. 42. Yorum: First of all, for a 4-star hotel, our expectations were not very high compared to the 5-star hotels we visited, but we were satisfied The staff was very polite and attentive I liked the manager of public relations, mrs. Melodine who was very attentive and friendly and did her job right. Animations, activities for children, pools for ladies only and mixed pools, close to the sea, everything was very nice The rooms were air conditioned, the varieties of meat, salad and dessert would be more than enough if a little more a lot of attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the room. 43. Yorum: It is now the 2nd day. We are at the hotel, first of all we feel a single deficiency, all the guests feel this lack of WC on the edge of the pool, it would be better if there were at least 2 toilets. There is not a single toilet, we have to stand in line.. This is our third visit to Atlas Beach, it keeps getting better every season, it is truly a conservative family hotel, be it staff or service, price and performance... My brother Ahmet at the reception... the restaurant staff, the children's entertainment team, the pancake brother, the bar friends are very friendly and helpful... I definitely regret a place where you won't be. The rooms are clean and well maintained. The food is good. When it comes to the sea, the Alanya side is generally a bit rocky, stony and a bit sandy. Happy holidays to those who will come. 44. Yorum: We can say that the hotel is a price performance hotel. The rooms could be a little more spacious, but when we come on vacation, we don't really care about the rooms. The pools were clean. Aqua slides were enough. The separate pool and women's area was very good and very nice for women wearing hijab. The shows prepared in the evening were entertaining. It is a place that you can easily choose for children. One of its other advantages is that it is right next to the sea. The sea was a little dirty, but not bad. It is also in an easy to find location. We liked it overall. Several areas can be made for men, there are areas for women and children, but a place can be reserved for men as well. The food was very good. There are even snacks available so you don't need lunch. 45. Yorum: The condition of the mosques was not nice at all, it didn't suit a conservative hotel at all The beach was neglected and very rocky, those stones and sands could have been repaired, the distance between the lounge and the cafe is very long, there was no reception area, the old environment it was better, our friends ask about it. We declared that we are not staying. 46. Yorum: The location, quality of service and comfort of the hotel are really excellent. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, taking care of all our needs. I can say with peace of mind that we felt at home throughout our vacation. Of course, we were very pleased with the family atmosphere provided and the care and attention given to the children. We definitely plan to come again and recommend it to everyone! Especially if you are a family with children... 47. Yorum: The hotel I came to for a 5-night vacation meets normal expectations for a 4-star hotel. The cleanliness could have been better. The ladies only pool area is very good, the sea is a bit wavy and rocky but we went in as a family and had fun and the food was good. Mrs. Melodi always took care of us at the hotel, thank you 😊. We also want to thank all the employees for their friendly honesty. 48. Yorum: Since it was the first time, we were honestly demoralized when we read the comments, but when we arrived, we saw that there was a great atmosphere here. The rooms, beds and towels were clean and were cleaned daily. It looks like there was a new renovation, everywhere was brand new, the tiles were new, the walls were whitewashed, it's not a new hotel, but it was nicely renovated. The pools were very good, there was also a pool for ladies and aqua. The children's pool was the best, even the adults spent time there :) The food was very good, meat (lamb chops, steak) and fish were available every day. Ayran and water are provided in the package. The beach is not very good, but I spent a few days in Mahmut before coming here, and the beach there was also rocky. The only other nice places around here are Incekumu beach, almost all of Alanya is a rocky area. It is a great hotel in terms of price and quality, the staff, especially the friends at the reception, were very helpful, we had a great vacation. Thank you very much 49. Yorum: Today, I left the chosen hotel with my two daughters. Firstly, the rooms are quite adequate and very suitable for a family of 4. At the first entry I would like to thank Eylem, whom I love very much, both for her kindness and professionalism ❤️ I would like to thank Ms. Julia, Melike, Leyla, Ms. Kader, Ms. Melodi, Ms. Fatma, Ms. Sultan, Kudos to the security ladies and all the friends who served in the kitchen and dining room morning and night, whose names I don't know yet. Although the hotel has many shortcomings that need to be improved and organized physically (the prayer rooms are neglected and careless, there is a very strong smell in the women's toilet inside the building. Room cleaning should be more careful, activities for children by the pool. during the day and evening should be increased.) Despite all these shortcomings I left with satisfaction thanks to the employees in each department. In addition, the sauna and Turkish bath were under renovation and we could not use those services at all. It was nice to always have a lifeguard waiting at the sea and by the pool. It is a great advantage that the women's pool, the mixed pool, the sea and the park are all very close to each other, so we felt very comfortable. It can be preferred by the family depending on its price. I expected sensitivity about the boycott products. I was very sorry for this problem. I can say that my rating for the hotel is 3.5 out of 4. 📌I have seen a lot of waste that does not respect the verse "eat and drink, do not waste, I pray that customers will be sensitive to this problem 🤲🏻🌻 50. Yorum: We booked our holiday as 4 adults and 2 children with 2 separate rooms next to each other for 6 days. The rooms were completely unprepared, so we immediately felt uncomfortable. The rooms are not nice at all and not really clean, there was an open safe on the wall where the kids could just fumble with it. So dangerous!! The balcony is very small, you have no view at all. There was probably a hole in the wall where the air conditioner is that you just painted. It was the same food every day for breakfast and other meals for 6 days, which we really didn't like at all. We just had to season it properly with salt and pepper to make it somewhat edible. At the pool bar we had inedible burgers for 6 days, where one evening me and my dad only complained of stomach aches and nausea! The waiters are so unfriendly, don't smile at all… I slowly stopped daring to ask for a coke at the bar because one of them came up to me sighing. Just because the season is over, they tried to save money at every turn. There were no animations or activities 51 at all. Yorum: Hello friends, I wanted to share with you my experiences of a week before leaving the hotel; 1. We were incredibly pleased with the staff. Mrs. Pinar and her front desk team. Mr. Ali, Mrs. Cemile, Mr. Nevzat and their friends from the restaurant. First of all, I would like to thank Ms. Fatma and Ms. Gulie from the women's pool💪🏻, Ms. Gizem👍🏻 from the lifeguard, Funda from Security and Ms. Sultan from Cleaning.👏🏻 We were very pleased with the beautiful innovations due to the renovation in this year. The hotel is clean and every effort is made to keep it clean with utmost care. The show buffet also serves delicious protein-rich grilled meals. Mother's meals with lots of greens and olive oil❤️. Healthy for those who want, sweet for those who want desserts🥗 One of the reasons why you choose the hotel is that the swimming pools and the sea are close to each other. We have sent our recommendations to Mrs. Melodi, who is in charge of public relations. Thank you for your interest. InshaAllah, I hope to see you next year... 52. Yorum: We had a week vacation at Hotel Atlas Beach Starting from the entrance, the security received us very well, the reception staff was also good, the reception of Ms. Melodé from public relations was also warm and very friendly , the rooms. clean, the food was very diverse, it was delicious, I liked the ladies pool, we had a lot of fun, the animation was also the shows, the children were very excited, the staff very kind and smiling, I will definitely stay at the hotel Atlas beach next year, I recommend it to everyone 👍🥰🥰 53. Yorum: We stayed at Atlas Beach Halal Hotel on 5/9 October, it was a very reasonable experience for us, especially in October, it has a quiet and peaceful environment, perfect for relaxation. The only thing that bothered us was the bad smell of the dining room, apart from that, there was no problem with the food, the employees were very attentive and smiling. It was very kind, especially the boy at the reception and the man from dining room in the evening :) It's totally worth it. the money you paid for the price and performance It's one of the places we can go back to. 54. Yorum: Our experience is very unfortunate indeed. I haven't had a good meal in a day. They literally had the same food every day and it didn't even taste good! The day I walked in, there were people throwing up in the ladies room. The next day again. The rooms were not clean and were not cleaned, they were cleaned only once in the 5 days I stayed there. The balcony had no key to lock it. Indicated immediately but the lock was replaced only 2 days later and I slept very poorly those 2 nights. If it was on the 1st floor, someone could enter our room. The other day my husband got really sick and asked for toilet paper, this took 3 hours and I called 5 times. It is not such a big hotel. The pool wasn't too bad, but the hygiene there was lacking. We will never go back! No way! 55. Yorum: It is a hotel that I have preferred for three years. I checked in on August 31. The entrance of the hotel is very nice, it would be better if they were taken care of and cleaned, it would be good to be in order, but it is not very good, the staff is very friendly, except for some in the women's section, Fatma is very sweet people whose names I don't know for their interest and concern There is security and a lady is standing next to them. Thanks for the interest and the smiling faces, the food was better this year, the chefs changed, I think it was. lighter, so are the desserts, the barbecue smell in the canteen is gone, there were many arrangements, we are waiting for the same arrangements for the rooms, we hope the cleaning will be ok, that's all for now, but it's a hotel to prefer with quietness, I recommend it, it is a very suitable environment for families, thank you Atlas Beach, I hope to see you again...❤️. 56. Yorum: We stayed at today's hotel, we stayed at the hotel last year, this year hotel arrangements were made and it was more helpful, but last year's team and staff were more polite and respectful, so we preferred again without worrying about the age of the rooms and the distance to the sea, but as soon as we entered the hotel, the children We were warned about the rules, etc., such as fighting, we are very closed, you can not wear pants short, this is a hotel with rules etc. If we choose this hotel, we chose it knowing the concept, right? The staff at the seaside cafe were extremely disrespectful and gave rude answers, we sat down at the table, should I order coffee, what do you mean? What is the sincerity of the staff I kept quiet so my family wouldn't hear about it and it would be an extra fight they have absolutely nothing to do with politeness or customer relations on the street and workers harassing you. Last year's staff team made the hotel quality, unfortunately this year the same quality is not there. 57. Yorum: The reason I gave 5 stars is because the employees work hard to please people, but when it comes to criticism, the pools are not clean, although the rooms are cleaned daily, there are mold stains in the bathroom, which can be dangerous for people with allergies. Although the employees are friendly and sincere, this sincerity goes beyond institutionalism. The food is always the same, uncooked chicken skewers and meat is wasted. Everything is abundant, but the same things are offered. During the time I was there, the customers were generally European Turks. For those who wear hijab, the pool area is sheltered and its depth varies from 1.45 to 1.50 and 1.55 The children's pool is 1.25, which is ideal and does not tire anyone. We would not choose it again unless you change the cleaning policy. 58. Yorum: It was a hotel that I was very satisfied with. It is a top 10 hotel in terms of service, attention, food and drink, cleanliness and everything else. There has never been a situation I wasn't happy with. It was a hotel from which I left laughing at everything. It was very valuable that the employees were friendly and especially that Mrs. Melodi from Public Relations talked and took care of everyone individually. I would also like to thank her for her wonderful warmth and energy. I would choose it again though... 59. Yorum: Hello, first of all, I would like to point out that this is not a suitable hotel for those looking for luxury and comfort. I said this for those who wrote bad comments. It is suitable for children because we leave the room in the morning and spend time in the sea and the pool until the evening. The service was good. I can say that it is suitable for families on a budget. Since our people have too much comfort and too many expectations, I advise you not to take bad comments seriously. We were satisfied. Those who want to come with their children can choose a safe environment. 60. Comment: The hotel is a good hotel in general. The rooms are clean, the staff is very kind and attentive, the food is delicious and the pool is nice. However, there are also some negative points. First of all, I do not agree with the boycott of drinks and ice creams served in a conservative hotel at such a sensitive time. Although the food in the restaurant was good, the snack bar was very tasteless. There are two slides in the pool and they are closed most of the day. We left the hotel with an infection in the family I don't know why because our relatives who came with us did not get sick but we as a family were affected. The price is affordable compared to other hotels, but the service is comparable. Don't expect much. 61. Comment: Am stat 5 bell la hotel. It was my first vacation in which I wanted to go as quickly as possible a mirror on the parents' side It takes a thousand witnesses to name the balcony the balcony door did not close properly because of the noise of ... 62. Yorum: I definitely wouldn't recommend it. There is no parking and nobody cares where you park your car. The rooms are very small, the furniture is old, everywhere is neglected. There are 50 cm prayer rugs in the rooms, and when you prostrate, your forehead comes to the ground. Qibla direction is not specified in any room. There is very little variety of food. Ask for clean towels in the morning, clean towels come in the evening. Change the beach towel once a day, you have to fight when you want twice. If you have lunch on the day you leave the hotel, you have to pay a fee, or if you want to have breakfast on the day you enter, it is still charged. There is 1 bell in the big hotel. One cannot pray in the public mosque because the floors are very dirty. Beach chaise lounge covers are made of burlap. The shared pool is very small. In short, there are many services that contradict the conservative hotel concept. We came as 4 families, but we will not come again. Oh, and the sea is rolling every day for those who care… 63. Yorum: Definitely don't come... We have been going on holiday for years and have never experienced such a disgrace. We are all sick with 2 adults and two children. The staff are friendly and do their best, but the hotel is terribly dirty, dirty, neglected, the source of infection is everywhere There is no ventilation in the bathroom, you can hardly close the shower cabin. There are two air conditioning motors on the balcony, you cannot stop the heat and the noise. Loud vehicle noise enters your room at night. and you can't rest because of the noise. I saw feces in the pools two days in a row, probably from kids wearing diapers. We took this for granted, come on, but when hygiene is zero, you're fighting infectious diseases. I came here on vacation and closed it with shame. I couldn't go for a massage because of fear. There were also private hospital expenses as well as the hotel fee. 64. Yorum: We came last year and were satisfied. It got a lot better with this year's renovation. The employees are very polite and decent people. A special place should be allocated to employees, especially selected, clean and trained workers. We also want to thank the receptionist Mr. Mahmut. The pool is clean and the number of lifts is sufficient. I appreciate the operator. Within 1 year, he took the already good business to another bar. It is a very good deal in terms of price performance. We thank them. It would be better if this parking problem was solved. The hotel has no parking and you must bring your car on the day of the street market. It would be great if a vehicle could be arranged for Mr. Mahmut to carry the suitcases comfortably. You have found such valuable personal, I advise you to appreciate it. 65. Yorum: Everything was great, I couldn't swim for 3 days, it was too wavy. Make sure you buy your beach shoes before coming here, there are a lot of rocks on the beach. The food was delicious and the staff nice. A warning sign must be placed on the slide of the mixed pool. Children must not ride the slide alone without a parent. Unfortunately, I had a minor accident. The evening shows were also beautiful. Thanks to the Atlas Beach 66 family. Yorum: I have been here at the Atlas Beach Hotel for 17 days. It's my last day and I don't understand people who make bad comments. I only have a few things to say a lot of noise from outside Sometimes there was a problem regarding cleanliness I told the workers that it was solved as soon as possible. First of all, I would like to thank Ms. Melodi from the Public and Relations Department for her ideas and customer care. I wish him continued success. Well, Mrs. Melodi, it couldn't be better, I have nothing to say about the cleanliness of the pools and the very good food. Thank you for your efforts, Fatma, Sultan and Julia from the women's section Leyla from Animasion, thank you for your work, Irfan Mehmet, the other friends are very friendly and the other clean young people who work there keep everything clean and very well the hotel. The male and female pools are very close, which makes the sea close, a little rocky, but he is a very, very good employee, he is very good with our children, from mini club to Sultan. 67. Yorum: This is the second time I am on vacation here. Thanks to the kind and friendly staff, your holiday it gets even better. Human Relations Mrs. Melodi is very sweet and very sensitive. He took great care of us and constantly asked us if we were in a good mood. In the ladies' pool, sisters Fatma and Melike are the ones who cheer us up and comfort us with their smiles and care. The sisters who cooked our meals by the pool were all friendly and helpful, we had a nice holiday again thanks to them🫶🏻 the size of the pool, the slides, the animation and the live music end the day nicely and you can relax. It's not 5 stars, but it deserves 5 stars for me. 68. Comment: A perfect value for money hotel for families looking for a conservative holiday. We were very pleased with the vacation we went with 3 families for 4 nights, 5 days on June 30, 2024. The pool bar staff welcomed us as if they were house guests rather than customers. The number of kitchen staff may be slightly higher. The sea was rocky and we couldn't use it much. Having the pool and the sea together is a plus. The food is not too good and varied, but not so much that it is inedible. The varieties of food on Turkish Day were many and delicious. We hope to have these tastes every day. It is boring for children to always have the same music in the mini club. The animation of the men at the pool is inadequate. Overall it's a good hotel if it's at this price, we can go again. 69. Yorum: I came to the hotel with my family, we stayed for 17 days, we were satisfied with the people working at the snack bar (Ali, Erdem, Mehmet, Cafer, Mert, Berat), we were very satisfied, they are very respectful and hardworking young people, I wish them continued success, the animation group (Muhammet, Mehmet, Irfan) we were very happy, they are very cheerful people, friendly and fun young people, they were very good at shows and activities for children. I wish continued success to Ms. Sultan who works in the mini club for her interest Ms. Leyla who entertained the children in the evening Thanks to Mr. Hakan and Mr. Yusuf who worked as field players, they are cheerful and do their job well. Our sister, employed in the market, and her son were very friendly people. I would like to thank Mr. Halil from the management for the interest shown. We would like to thank Ms. Deniz and her spa team for your interest. The food is superb, I don't understand those who criticize the food in these comments. The food is excellent for a four-star hotel. We were very pleased with our holiday and would recommend it to everyone. 70. Yorum: Hello, This is our second visit to Atlas Beach Hotel. If you don't want a very luxurious place, you can come here. The hotel rooms are not nice and there is a bad smell in the room for two days. The rest delighted us. Especially those who work in the restaurant are all wonderful people. I would like to thank Ms. Cemile, Ms. Nevzat for your interest and concern, and I would also like to thank Ms. Mina, Ms. Zeynep, Mr. Ali and Mr. Ramazan. Also thanks to Mehmet, whom we saw everywhere, at the restaurant, at the Snack Bar. On the first visit, we were not satisfied with the employees at the Rezeption because they do not do what they say. Once they send you to the room, they completely forget about you. It's not a luxury hotel, the price is affordable, the food is good, the rest is up to you. happy holidays 71. Yorum: We are currently at the facility The location is good, the cleanliness is good, the food is great, the service is great, but there are some issues that could be better. The sea is very rocky and there are people getting hurt. If we ask for a towel only once, the attendant causes problems. 72. Yorum: Hello, we left the hotel today. We had a fun and quiet vacation with our children. In general, we were satisfied with the hotel, our room was clean and we had no problems with cleanliness. they helped us whenever we told them, thank you. I stayed in the family room but it was useful anyway. The food was diverse. It is impossible to stay hungry. The pools and the sea were very close to her. She works hard. In short, you get more service than the money you pay.. Coming to the minuses, the sea was very dirty, although it is the same for the seas of all the hotels on the coast. And since there is only one toilet in the pool area, sometimes you have to wait in line.. We also met Mrs. Melodi on the last day. Greetings to them too 😊 73. Yorum: It is our favorite hotel as an all-inclusive concept, alcohol-free hotel. Our 6-day accommodation experience. It is important that it is on the seashore, sheltered and easily accessible. Our arrival at reception was around 09:45. Our wait for room cleaning and a suitable room lasted until 14:45. The room is spacious, the air conditioning works. The handle for opening and closing the bathroom door is broken. You can't go hungry in a restaurant. Grilled food, juicy dishes, various kinds of salads, desserts, fruits, all kinds of blessings are available for 3 meals. Drinks are enough. The waiters are 90% friendly young people. In the dining department, I would like to thank my brother named Sezgin, who is over 20 years old. By the age of 40, he will do great work as a chef de cuisine in 4-5 star hotels and even higher. Again, a 50 year old cook did a good job in the dining department. The 50-year-old head chef was under extreme stress. He was trying his best not to act impulsively. Congratulations to our daughter who is over 20 years old and whom I can call an atomic ant. He was very successful in distributing halva and ice cream. Keeping Sezgin and Atom Ant would be a good profit for the hotel. They must be permanent employees. There is a food section at the beach cafe. Drinks are available. We have a young lady who makes pancakes between 12:00 and 16:00. She prepares delicious pancakes with her hands. Must be permanently employed. For the curious, the beach restaurant also serves hamburgers. There are pools for children, adults and women. Sea sand and gravel, mainly gravel. The hotel provides clean towels that you can buy once a day. Our girl named Ayşe, who works in the tea and coffee section on the right side of the hotel entrance when you go to the reception, is very professional. I think he had a bachelor's degree. Must be a graduate of Business Administration or Public Administration. Human resources must be taken care of and employed as permanent staff for the hotel so that an employee can be found to add value to the hotel. BAD PARTS OF THE HOTEL: -There are 3 ladies at the reception. One of them doesn't make any eye contact. - The restaurant is very crowded. There were days when I had difficulty finding a seat. -Grill food is not cooked. The meat remains raw inside. It's such a shame to have grills that go to waste. There was a lot of wasted grilled food. -- The marinating time for grilled foods should be kept long. Intuition must be empowered. ----Your face wears out after 3 days in the restaurant. For this reason, there must not be a stay longer than 3 days. Why?, between 14:00 and 23:50 in the drinks section of the restaurant, the male waiter (I'm not saying he's the nice young man with the earrings) starts to be casual with you. He loses his seriousness. This bothered me and those around me. Human resources have a responsibility. I congratulate our girl who works in the same range in tea distribution, she is very professional. Room cleaning is a TOTAL DISASTER! I asked that the room be cleaned only 1 day. Then the room was cleaned superficially. Trash picked up. The bathroom was not cleaned. The shampoo had run out, there was no blonde hair shampoo left. The toilet paper is almost out and there is no spare paper left. THE WORST IS, on the day of check-out, the girl between the ages of 18-20 who works as a cleaner said: CLEANING THE ROOMS! WHEN ARE YOU OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S 10:01, I hear the warning asking why check out at 10:00 when the hotel check out time is 11:00-11:15. Here; There are serious problems in the RECEPTION, PR and CRM applications. It should be reviewed. -Let's come to the sea: The sea is sand and mostly gravel. Before continuing 2 meters, the sea suddenly reaches a depth of 40-50 cm and THERE ARE ROCKS on the ground in the area belonging to the hotel. Do NOT go swimming without a range of products that can definitely be called beach shoes. NEVER ENTER BAREFOOT. -The sea is very wavy. The interval in which he remains calm is very short. You swallow sea water and you get gastrointestinal syndrome. -I had gastrointestinal problems for 3 days after leaving the hotel. We will go to the internal medicine doctor. If the CEO, General Manager and Deputy General Managers read these comments, they should review the operation of the hotel. --- There is a lot of food waste in the full guesthouse. If you take lunch out of the restaurant and lower the price band by 15%, it will be a more profitable investment and the blessings will not be wasted. On the first day it was ABANT SU. Then came the LIVING WATER. Do not use water of life. It does not fit the concept of a hotel. Accommodation August 8-14. 74. Yorum: I stayed 3 nights and 4 days. You start receiving service from the moment you enter the hotel. The rooms and many parts of the hotel have been renovated. The food is good, the rooms are cleaned regularly, the pools serve as mixed and women's pools, and there are children's pools. The ponds were regularly sampled. Last year the sea was very rough, but this year it is very good. But women in bikinis were constantly passing left and right of the reserved section of the beach, something can be done about that. Perhaps the only drawback is the lack of parking, you can find a parking place for your car, but it may be far from the hotel. The employees are very attentive and friendly. I would especially like to thank Ms. Melidi. He answered all our questions honestly. It helped. The service you get is very good for the price you pay. Thank you Atlas Bech. 75. Comment: Hello. I stayed at this hotel between September 14 and 17. I have stayed at this hotel in previous years. This year the concept has changed. Generally above middle class. I think the price is very good compared to the performance. I was pleased with the price advantage offered at the end of the season. The food is also good in my opinion. We are leaving here happily today with my family of 4. Thank you Hotel Atlas. 76. Yorum: From 26.08.2024, I stayed at the hotel and they gave me the room exactly at 15.00. The cleanliness of the family room is a big zero. I stayed 5 nights and 6 days and they never changed the sheets. As for the Islamic hotel concept, there is a mixed pool, so called men's pool, and women swim inappropriately there, I don't think I need to mention the beach… Drinks Coca Cola ice cream algida coffee maker drinks nest and this place is halal concept 77. Yorum: If I have to express my complaints, first of all there is no parking and there is a market on the street of the hotel, which is a total shame. The officer has no car to carry the suitcases, we carry them in our hands. The elevators on the left kept going down. The variety of food was less. I witnessed the conversation of the female staff working in the canteen there (standing in front of the desserts) to satisfy their gaze, but there was always the same variety. Every day, morning and evening, for breakfast, they always had potato nuggets and onion rings. If there was turkey as the main menu, there were other types of turkey. It stopped for 5 days and the turkey came out for 2 days. The chicken and meatballs were served raw. For this reason, we usually eat pita, hamburger and pancakes by the pool, I can't say that the rooms are 1+1 very big, but they are at a normal level. Thanks to the cleaning sister on the 1st floor, she cleaned it every day, even if I didn't press the cleaning button. I don't know his name at the pool, but the tall lifeguard was very attentive. He took very good care of the children. I lost my hat, dived and searched the whole pool with goggles. Thank you to Ms. Eylem at the front desk for your interest. We would like to thank Yavuz Bey, who serves drinks in the dining room in the evening, for his music. Most of the staff were generally very caring and friendly. 78. Yorum: The food was good. There was a child safe system. Mrs. Melodi took very good care of the guests, that is, of us. The staff was friendly. The pools were clean. The only fault of the hotel is that the sea is dirty and there is not enough space for men. It is preferable. It is a recommended hotel. 79. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel for 5 days. The rooms are quite big, clean, and the TV supports only 10 channels. The food and breakfast were delicious and varied, but the dessert and fruit were mediocre and stale. 80. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel between August 17-21. It is an ideal hotel for those looking for a quiet and peaceful place. The employees are friendly and when there is a problem they solve it immediately. Especially Ms. Melodi, the guest relations officer, was very friendly, smiling and helpful. Our room was cleaned daily, sheets and towels were changed daily. The food was good, there were menus with meat, fish, meatballs and chicken every day. Desserts could have been a little more diverse. I recommend you choose the hotel. 81. Yorum: I stayed 2 nights and 3 days without problems. The air conditioning, rooms, cleanliness, pool and attention were great. I was very surprised to see the negative comments here. The food is very diverse and very good. I would like to thank all the staff, especially Mrs. Melodi. 82. Yorum: Today I checked out of the hotel this morning and ended my 6 day vacation. First of all, I am very curious about the people who made these negative comments Either they have never been to a hotel in their life or they have lost their lives getting caught up in small details. The hotel offers quality services close to a 4 or 5 star hotel. As someone who has stayed in many Islamic concept hotels, I think I received very good service. When I look at it from the point of view of price and performance, the performance is quite high. The rooms were very good, I stayed in the family room and it was very comfortable. Cleaning was done every day, and even when we had a request for extra cleaning at night, they fulfilled it immediately. The food is very diverse and delicious, chicken, fish and red meat are served every day. The employees are friendly and help you in every way. Regarding the parking issue, the hotel is located in a quiet place. Yes, there is a market, but you can park your car on all the streets with peace of mind. I don't think you should believe what they say, "I walked all the way to get that car, there's no market, I was in disgrace." There are many opportunities for activities We had fun as a family with the children in the communal pool during the day and on the stage in the women's section. For this reason, we would like to especially thank the animation team Mehmet, İrfan, Muhammed, Leyla and Sultan. They organized a wide variety of activities for kids and adults. The shared pool and snack bar on the beach are very nice. We would like to thank Berat, Mert and Erdem. Unfortunately, the sea is rocky, but there is no problem with sea shoes. Everything was as it should be and it was quite nice. I think those who think they buy people just because we give them money and expect to be treated will have the same problem in every hotel. 83. Yorum: I think the hotel fountain water is extremely salty, like sea water. I couldn't get a clear answer when I asked the authorities. I strongly condemn this issue. We wanted to delay your check-in. at the hotel a few days later, I received a negative response, I had a delay in checking in at the hotel. Even though I explained the situation when we arrived, they said we couldn't do anything because of the rules. When we asked where we should report this issue, they did not direct us. 84. Yorum: The cameras generally see the sea, even if diagonally, the sea is generally wavy and steep and I recommend beach shoes with stones. Alanya sea is known. The hotel generally has good staff, nice faces, Mrs. Melodi, who is in charge of public relations, is very caring and friendly, she does not care about everyone, she asks about satisfaction, she asks what is missing, the minus of the hotel for me is that the friends of at the reception they have to give detailed information about the customers, we learned everything by asking ourselves, otherwise it will not be preferable there is nothing wrong 85. Yorum: The Atlas Beach Hotel is a pleasant holiday home that has a lot to offer for families. The variety of food was impressive, with local Turkish dishes. The staff in the dining area were always friendly and attentive, which made eating a real pleasure. (Especially Mrs. Kübra and Mr. Ali) The women's pool area, looked after by Fatma and Gülsüm, was excellent. The two employees made sure that the area was always inviting. Her warm and helpful nature contributed significantly to a relaxed atmosphere in which women felt safe and comfortable. The women's pool itself was well maintained and offered plenty of space for swimming and relaxing. The animation in the hotel was led by Leyla, who provided plenty of entertainment with her energy and creativity. The activities on offer were varied and well organized, so there was something for everyone. Leyla knew how to motivate and involve the guests without being intrusive. The evening mini shows were a particular highlight and created a great atmosphere for families and children. The hotel has many positive aspects, but there were also some points that could be improved. The air conditioning in the hallways didn't work, which made those areas particularly hot and stuffy. This was especially unpleasant after a long day in the sun. The walls between the rooms were very thin, so you could hear noises from the neighboring rooms. This significantly disturbed the night's rest and caused inconvenience, especially when the neighbors were noisy. The room cleaning sometimes left something to be desired. The hotel has many strengths, such as its dedicated staff and wide range of entertainment options, but there are some areas that need urgent improvement to make guests' stays more enjoyable. Despite these shortcomings, the hotel offers an overall good holiday experience. Atlas Beach Hotel is a wonderful holiday destination that offers a lot for families. The wide variety of food, including local Turkish dishes, was impressive. The staff in the dining area (especially Kübra Hanım and Ali Bey) were always polite and attentive, which made the food really enjoyable. The women's pool area was perfectly managed by Fatma and Gulsum. Both employees made sure the space was always welcoming. Their friendly and helpful attitude played a major role in creating a comfortable atmosphere where women felt safe and comfortable. The women's pool itself was well maintained and offered ample space for swimming and lounging. The entertainment of the hotel was managed by Leyla and she provided a lot of entertainment with her energy and creativity. The activities on offer were varied and well organized so there was something for everyone. Leyla knew how to motivate and engage guests without being intrusive. Especially the evening mini-shocks were the biggest source of entertainment for families and children. Although the hotel had many positive aspects, there were also some areas that needed improvement. The air conditioning in the corridors was not working, making these areas very hot and stuffy, especially after a sunny day. The walls between the rooms were very thin, so you could hear noises from neighboring rooms. This severely affected night sleep and caused disturbances, especially when the neighbors were noisy. Room cleaning was sometimes inadequate. The hotel has many strengths such as attentive staff and a variety of leisure facilities, but some areas urgently need improvement to make guests' stay more enjoyable. Despite these shortcomings, the hotel offers a good holiday experience overall. 86. Yorum: There was hair and dirt in every corner of the hotel. The food is terrible, people are rude and no one says anything! The food tastes terrible. They turn leftovers into snacks the next day. Unfortunately, on the last day, we had to eat out even though we paid €950!!! The inside of the toilet seat was very yellow, it was disgusting. We couldn't go to the toilet because we were disgusted in the room... A disgusting little animal crawled out of our bed. I would not recommend it to anyone and I will not come again!!! What a pity for our 950 euro bananas!!!!!! I gave it only one star needed!!! 87. Yorum: The employees are very polite and generous, but they lack desserts They say it's ridiculous to take it out of the freezer just because we're going to make cold baklava The food is delicious. If it was bay shaped the sea waves would be less but my room was a so called mixed pool as usual they didn't consider they provided a tiny pool the ladies pools are big they are generous with food and drink but if you have good money stay somewhere else it is a hijab family environment but your daughter or brother is judged and warned for the shorts they wear to their knees i would like to say this: those who want to walk naked will pay the same money for those who walk naked in shorts, but those. whoever wears hijab will pay the same amount, it's ridiculous so I don't really recommend it. 88. Yorum: We stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Brac, we had a lot of fun, the food was delicious and diverse, the pools very clean and sufficient, and the sea was beautiful, the staff was good and friendly, I had good conversations with the relations lady public Melody, I recommend the hotel to everyone, you should definitely come. 89. Yorum: I left the hotel today with sadness. I had 5 full days. We want to thank the Atlas Beach family, especially Mrs. Melodi, who welcomed us with a smile and let us go 🤗 The hotel is very good for the price. and the performance The location is very good, the pools are by the sea, the food is sufficient, the food is delicious, and it is very nice that the rooms have two compartments. We were never bored at the hotel, thanks to the animation team. Both our children and we had fun every evening. 90. Yorum: The room we stayed in at the hotel was small and cramped, but other than that, all the employees, both at the pool, at the security station, and at the restaurant, do their job with dedication. Especially Mrs. Melodi, who is in public relations, is very careful with all the guests. Ms. Fatma, the room cleaning staff, the pool attendants, Ms. Leyla, the lifeguards and as I said, all the staff at the restaurants and bars are really very attentive and caring. There is no parking, this is a big shortcoming. The food is good in variety but it would be nice if it was ice cream or something, unfortunately the grilled meat is raw. The women's pool and the children's pool are very good. Overall I recommend it. 91. Yorum: I stayed 3 nights and 4 days at Atlas Beach. I'd like to start in order... Mrs. Dila, my daughter, took care of us and was very friendly and honest, really friendly and understanding, the room is cleaned, but since we stayed for 3 days, we didn't want the very nice, clean and well-kept rooms, delicious food, mixed pool. a bit crowded and small, it could have been bigger... The women's pool was nice, the children's pool too... We really liked it as a family, we had fun and it was a good time.. only the sea was wavy and rocky, there was nothing to do, sea shoes are mandatory, everything was good, I had a nice holiday, I would like to thank the staff, especially Ms. Dila and Ms. Hatice at the pool for their interest. ... I hope to see you next year..... 92. Yorum: First of all, there is no parking, there is no one to greet you when you enter, you complete your transactions and go to your room alone, there is no one to show you to the room, there is no one to carry your luggage, when we enter the room, it's only flat from above, in tested mode, but apart from that, the beds are not taken care of, the pillows are yellow, hot and the air conditioning motor burns, in the elevator of a 4 star hotel And there is no heater or cooler in the corridors, there is no servant of God who cares, I have no words for the pool staff, but other than that, who are the people in the hotel sending you to beat you up. Regarding the pool, a child defecated in the kiddie pool. people were throwing their snot and snot into the pool and the kids were peeing in the big pool As you can see I don't recommend and we couldn't sleep because we were itching from bed bugs. 93. Yorum: The employees are friendly, especially the animation team, Ms. Rümeysa, and Ms. Melodi from public relations are nice and caring. I would like to thank all the employees. The food is delicious and diverse. It is a great advantage that the swimming pools are close to the sea. A great hotel. 94. Yorum: I went to the hotel for the first time as a family. We were a little worried because of the comments, but overall it was a good hotel. The food was delicious and had enough variety. However, no additions were made to replace the sold out products. The room was cleaned every day. The water park was small. The pool animation team was weak and there were no activities. Every hotel staff is friendly and understanding. In short, it is a disappointment for those looking for luxury, but it is a good hotel in terms of price and performance to relax for 4-5 days. 95. Yorum: I stayed in your hotel. The family was not at all pleased. The room was booked as a family room. It wasn't hygiene Lust. The mess on the walls. I stayed in the elevator twice, give it 2 stars, most of the food is old, I told the waiter, it is not approachable because of the smell from the pool, those who stay a little are not aware of the situation, I noticed many because I stayed for a long time According to me and most of the commentators, Atlas was at the top, the mansion is very dirty in terms of layout and environmental cleanliness, it is a source of shame for tourism. 96. Yorum: This is the second time we have come to Atlas as a family. The rooms and the hotel in general have been repaired in a good way. There are nicer and more modern rooms. BUT most employees are total failures. We stayed for 4 nights but our room was cleaned only once and not even the towels were changed. Most of the kitchen staff were constantly gossiping. Even just buying food, I could tell from what I heard that none of them were happy with the working hours and they all had problems with the cold cook. It's not nice to have that in front of the customer. The women's beach kitchen staff were telling everyone not to eat by the pool, but said nothing when friendly people brought plates of food to the pool. That's why the place was full of ants, because they were always spilling the food. Leyla from the animation was our favorite, I could pick her again just for her energy and smiley face, but other factors outweigh, honestly, I put it all down to lack of discipline. Other than that I can't complain too much about the pool, sea and food There are a lot of options, sometimes it can be oversimplified but when you look at the price and performance it's pretty normal. 97. Yorum: I came from Ankara, don't pay attention to the bad comments, I stayed on September 11, 12, 13, 2024, the room, the sheet, the sink, the bathroom are clean. There is no problem with the food, every meal is different and satisfying, there is plenty of fish, meat and chicken. The breakfast has a lot of variety, I will book again for November December 2025. The sea is beautiful and does not deepen suddenly. 98. Yorum: First of all, let me tell you that if you've been to 5 star luxury hotels before, it might not live up to your expectations, but if you go with no expectations like me, you'll probably like it I've been to September and we couldn't swim in the sea, it was too wavy, the pool was separated only for mixed children and women, it was clean and in my opinion it was enough. Mrs. Dila, who greeted us at the entrance, was very polite and helpful, and Mrs. Melodi was also very attentive 6/10 99. Yorum: I gave them all 1 star because there was no lower rating here. It was the worst vacation I have ever had in my life. We literally paid so much money to get sick and suffer. There isn't a single thing I like about him. Pool, beach, food, rooms, etc. So it doesn't correspond to anything you expect from a holiday. There is a constant bad smell in the hotel. We gave up the money we paid for our health and left early and could barely last 2 nights. I would never recommend it to anyone, they already have enough foreign guests, they may keep coming. 100. Comment: The rooms are narrow. Television is terrestrial transmission, not satellite. The floor corridors are very hot. In front of the elevator are narrow stairs. In other words, everywhere is turned into a room, and common areas are problematic. You have to queue for food and find a table to eat the food you bought. Or you have to come early and get a table, which is difficult because the door is closed. When we open the door, it's like running into a bargain store. The food is delicious and plentiful. The employees are friendly and helpful. Would I go again, I don't think so. There are long lines for waffles This food, which is actually made for children, is crowded with adults, and if one person wants 10, there is not enough time for the remaining ones. If a waffle takes 5.5 minutes, think of the useless crowd out there. They took it out on our last day. Instead of removing it, it should be limited to only children and to a maximum of 1 so that each child can benefit from it. 101. Yorum: I stayed 5 days at Hotel Atlas Beach, everything is very good, the food is delicious and various large and clean pools, the staff is nice and very kind, thank you very much to Ms. Fatma and Ms. Melod la ladies. the pool, I recommend it to everyone. 102. Yorum: Even though the hotel is old due to its structure, they are very good in terms of services. We would like to thank the receptionist Ms. Eylem for the interest shown. We would like to thank Mr. Yavuz who played music after dinner, the cleaning sister on the 1st floor and the lifeguard at the pool for your interest. There are very caring and respectful staff. We are embarrassed by the deficiency and immediately replace it with a new one. This is our third holiday at this hotel. If you are a large family, you can definitely choose 103. Yorum: The rooms were very poorly maintained, the furniture in the room was broken, it rained one night and the interior was filled with water :) It came from the roof, not from the window. The beach is terrible We stayed at the hotel on Wednesday but since it was market day we couldn't check in with our luggage so don't check in on Wednesday :) The staff are very nice and friendly. in short, they built a swimming pool in the hostel, they gave it 4 stars, but that's irrelevant. 104. Yorum: It was an adequate hotel in terms of service. The entertainment group was successful with lots of food and variety. However, the pools were not clean at all. We were admitted to the family after we returned from the hotel. Complaints of vomiting and diarrhea. I chose it as a conservative hotel, but some customers entered the pool in their everyday clothes. No warning was given to this effect. As a result, we were unhappy after the holiday. Also, the fact that the huge hotel has no parking is a very serious problem. I would never choose again. 105. Yorum: When you say you are going to a hotel, you find yourself in an apartment that is not at all aesthetic. The dining area looks like a cafeteria, but it's good that it's cool. If you have small children, the children's pool is large and safe. The sea was very rough and rocky, not pleasant. Tables; You can't be hungry, but you didn't like it very much. If it's your first hotel experience and you have a lot of kids, you might be satisfied, but if you're looking for a certain standard, I suggest you think again. 106. Yorum: It's really bad. There is no valet parking, you can park your cars in places away from the hotel, if we talk about the rooms, the only air conditioner is good, the faucet in the toilet is not fully working, there are cracks on the walls in the bathroom and even the voices of the guests in the room can be heard next door, the sea is very dirty, we were very surprised when we arrived on the first day and the days after that we went to the sea outside the hotel. the food was very different, it was obvious that they were all made of different ingredients, the dinner meat was usually undercooked, especially when I came, the meatballs were not fully cooked and no one bought them, they were pink, then they took them away, they cooked them back and served them and like cafes the equipment is broken i want to buy mocha there is no cold coffee in the summer the only thing i wish about the food and drink is the person making pancakes in the canteen by the pool at lunch. Thanks cinnamon sugar You won't see other people's comments saying it's good here. 107. Yorum: It's the worst hotel I've ever come across. Rooms are difficult to clean, even if only superficially with a dry mop. Mess everywhere. Money scam. There are almost no employees because the hotel wants to save money. … 108. Yorum: I left the hotel this week, the lack of parking is a big disadvantage The pool is very dirty, unfortunately I think it is not cleaned enough. The food was good, with exceptions. The employees are respectful, I would like to thank my brother İrfan from the animation team for the interest shown. Children's activities can also be organized during the day. There are people who go into the pool without a swimming cap and not everyone fits the conservative concept and there are no warnings about that. The elevators are inadequate. 109. Yorum: The rooms were really nice and comfortable. The employees are friendly and caring. In the women's pool, the large pool was extremely hot and I couldn't swim properly. When I told the staff they said the weather was too hot but we have been to other hotels in this heat and have never experienced anything like this in any pool. There was no sauna, Turkish bath or massage, it was under renovation. The sea was very rocky and there were huge rocks in it. My brother injured his leg while swimming. Fortunately, the hotel doctor dressed him. I didn't want to give too many points because the price was affordable, but it had a lot of flaws. The variety of food was limited, the food was not bad, there was always food somewhere, it was not possible to go hungry. Despite everything, it was a nice vacation. Special thanks to Mrs. Culya who handled the food in the women's pool. She was a very considerate and polite lady, she took care of everything very well and the barn she made was also wonderful. 110. Yorum: Too bad. There is nowhere to park a car, there is a valet to carry your luggage when you enter the hotel, but there is not even a luggage rack to put your luggage on, so you carry them together. It takes a thousand witnesses to call a hotel a hotel, a place like an apartment. None of the services like spa, turkish bath etc. mentioned on the website are not under renovation 😂 4. Our day was just yesterday with an animation show, like there is no animation. If the bar in the lobby is open for 1 hour, it is closed for 10 hours 😂 I'm not even talking about the dry potatoes and sour pies served at the snack bar under the name of snacks. Drink options are like 3-4 cokes, sprite slot Rooms are tiny. I said that the air conditioner broke and was not repaired for 3 days. We tried to change rooms but they barely changed the room and this time the shower head of the room we just went to was broken. We've been waiting for a repair since yesterday😂 I said we should get our money back and leave in the remaining 2 days, but they didn't give us that either, I think they're trying to make things look good by force, but no. I don't understand it's not working... Some staff seem to try to force us to be very tactless. So whoever wants to throw away their money, come here. 111. Yorum: I had a family vacation before, now we have a very nice vacation with a group of friends at the hotel It is a very nice hotel in terms of price and location, especially the staff is very attentive and friendly, the food is enough and delicious Mrs. Melodi, the PR manager of the hotel, she was very sweet, interested in everything, with a smiling face, it helps that the sea is a little rocky, but not so much that it bothers you. You have beach shoes, you can enter more easily, very sweet, considerate and smiley and our pancake girl is very sweet. In short, it's the second time again in the coming years. 112. Yorum: If there is a problem with the rooms, they don't take care of it immediately. When the cleaning was done, nothing changed in our room, the dirty areas were not cleaned. Sometimes the meat is cold, sometimes it is warm There is no problem about the types of food but the employees are very slow to find a solution in the hotel It is held and the shows are actually good but the only thing missing apart from that the hotel is not very good, but there are things that need to be fixed in the hotel. who is an expert in relationships, not only with us, but with every guest that comes. He was interested, it was good that he listened to everyone's opinions and found a solution. 113. Yorum: I'm writing from the hotel right now, it's a hotel I visited for the first time, I would have liked it again the comments I read before arrival were unjustified. I would like to thank the staff, especially Mrs. Melodine, for her very devoted, welcoming and smiling welcome. As a group, we were very pleased with the DJ and Ms. Fatma who worked at the private women's pool and we thank them for fulfilling all our whims. 114. Yorum: I stayed for 5 days in the large family room. We left very happy. When making an assessment and reading these comments, you should pay attention to the price-quality balance, and the truth is that this is a 4-star hotel. You cannot compare this place with hotels that cost 50 thousand TL per day. For a 4* hotel, the food was good and the rooms very clean. The pools were large and sufficient. This is also very important, this is not a very big hotel, probably for 500 people, this is also important when making the decision. I don't prefer very crowded hotels (1000+). I definitely recommend this hotel, I hope they don't raise their prices :) 115. Yorum: - There is a very bad smell in the rooms. We have been trying for two days, someone was supposed to come for the smell, but still no one came. The whole place smells awful and they are no help. I called again yesterday and someone was supposed to come but we are still in the same situation. - They arranged the tables very badly. Everyone is waiting in line for meat and meatballs. Today's meatballs were raw. The chef was laughing like a joke as he said this. I don't even take people seriously. The man said "fat-free meatballs" as a joke. It was literally red inside. He didn't want to help and just laughed. A very disrespectful move. I am currently staying in this hotel. It will be released on 7/28, I can't wait for that day! I have stayed in other hotels. I have never seen anything so disrespectful and shameful. 116. Yorum: Hello, we just checked into the hotel, we had no problems with the staff, everyone was very friendly and tried to help, Mahmut and Alihan in the lobby, Cemile Ali brother Emre in the restaurant, the tour organizer Tunahan, they all have were very good people. I pressed the daily cleaning button for my room and when I arrived I saw that the towels were changed and cleaned and the food was good for the price and performance I would like a big play area for the kids but s -they had a lot of fun in the pool. At this price, I think this performance is quite successful. 117. Yorum: We stayed at the Atlas hotel on the beach, from where we left today, for 4 nights. I would like to thank all the front desk staff, especially Eylem Hanım, Melodi Hanım, all the waiters and staff working in the dining room, Sultan Hanım from the ladies section. , sister Julia, entertainer Leyla, lifeguard Zeynep and others. I would like to thank all the staff who work at the beaches. There is no one with a sullen face among the hotel staff. But the physical conditions need to be improved. The Turkish bath and sauna are under renovation and this is not mentioned when people make their reservations. A big omission. Room cleaning could be done better. There is a serious problem. Masjid could be more aesthetically pleasing. We prefer it as spiritually sensitive people, but there is not even a verse on the walls of the hotel. It is a great advantage to have swimming pools near the sea. We were more satisfied with the kindness of the staff. I want it to be passed on to everyone, without discrimination. Management must further regulate the conditions…. I think the food is enough. But it could be better... the pool is ideal for children. And it is safe. We felt very comfortable with the pool. 118. Yorum: If we have to talk about this hotel, where we came as a couple on our honeymoon, I must first say that it is a place with family warmth, and such an environment is provided by the security staff, reception and kitchen staff who works at the hotel. I am glad that my choice was Atlas Beach, because first of all, Ayşegül and Sevgi Hanım, whose sincerity, smiling face and joy I admired, Mrs. Kader, who made our stomach happy with her equally sweet desserts like her, and Mr. Ramazan in the cafe, they all made our holiday more beautiful. Thanks to them, we said we are glad we chose this place. I met nice people and I won. I'm glad there is... 119. Yorum: Today is our last day at the hotel. When we first entered the hotel, we did not like the reception at all. no one to give us information about the hotel. We went to the room, I'm just writing about the shortcomings of the hotel, so that those who want to come will know. I had a vacation here. The pools are very warm, so it is not normal to be so hot, there are very few activities for children, they only run for half an hour in the evening, the food is very good, it is very beautiful, I liked it , you won't be hungry, things happen at all hours, and we Ms. Melody who took care of me here was a very honest and sincere lady, thank you very much, she was smiling, she was the only one who showed us a face smiling here, sat down, talked. to us, she listened to our problems, we gave her our complaints about the hotel and she really cared about us, she listened to our problems, I thank her for her honesty and sincerity, overall it is a decent hotel The fact that it was warm it made us a little uncomfortable. It didn't seem very hygienic to me. 120. Yorum: We were very satisfied with the hotel as a family. We were especially pleased with the kindness, smiling face and attentiveness of Mrs. Melodi. We would like to thank the hotel staff, those at the reception and especially Mrs. Melodi 😊 121. Yorum: We came as two families. The pools and the beach are very close, which is very good in that respect. The family room is big enough. The items are new. There are lifeguards in the pool and in the sea. But besides these there are very important parts to criticize and the most important is the food. I'm still at the hotel now and there's a meat, chicken and fish menu every day. But it is very sad (for the business owner) to make the food so tasteless. If you did nothing extra, you could satisfy customers anyway with the materials you would use, but using the materials available, customer satisfaction has sunk to a low. In addition, the hotel manager or an authorized person should be among the customers and be interested and get ideas. We couldn't see that either. We wanted to have a massage, but the sauna and massage rooms were closed. Thanks to my brothers Muhammed and Mehmet from the entertainment team, they took care of us at the pool. If we chose it again, never with the flavors of this food, it might get better. 122. Comment: The hotel is nice and affordable. The women's pool has 3 pools, slides and a volleyball net. The rooms are nice and spacious. It was fun for the kids and the food was good, there were many dishes. But I think it could have been a cleaner hotel, the nails were cut on the chairs in the lobby and people were sleeping on the sofas you know from the sea. They told us it's right next to the sea, but you go through an underground passage with a slope (the bridge is inside the hotel, it's a full family hotel). 123. Yorum: I had a pleasant vacation. The staff was very kind and attentive, the rooms were clean and they were cleaned when I wanted. The meals were varied and rich. The pools were good, but the sea was very wavy and rocky, the children could not swim in the sea. Overall we were satisfied. I would also like to thank Mrs. Melodi for the interest shown 🌸 124. Yorum: The hotel itself was very nice. The staff was very cheerful and professional. We extended this hotel by 1 day because we liked it so much. It is a very nice hotel and the sea is very beautiful. This hotel should be 5 stars. The service is very good because they have 15 different types of food every day. The manager and staff are very friendly. The pool is also very beautiful. The women's side pool is also very nice. We really recommend this hotel as a family. We came with 3 families, but all 3 were very satisfied. We plan to come again next year and probably will. We will definitely come back because we were very satisfied. Madam Manager: Melody, she was very friendly and helped us a lot. I recommend it to everyone. 125. Yorum: I stayed with my family for 3 nights on July 25th. It is a great value for money hotel. The food is mediocre, the desserts are good, the salads are bad The snack bar has pizza and hamburgers The pizza is very bad, the hamburgers are mediocre and it is open at lunch time so you can eat or drink a snack from the bar. Sea Cook evil coastal stones and rocks The pool is beautiful and the children's pool is also beautiful and large. The employees are friendly but incompetent. The cleanliness is good The building is not an apartment building, it doesn't have the atmosphere of a hotel, the elevator is insufficient, you have to wait in line for a long time Actually, I went down more stairs from the 5th floor are common. 126. Yorum: We leave from 01.08.2024. The hotel is a high-performance hotel for the price. It is good for its price but our third day holiday was terrible. I spent the holiday in the hospital. Diarrhea vomiting abdominal pain. Then I found out that they are all the same. People are still throwing up somewhere. The doctor forbade the pool. That's why I don't think I'll come again. I gave it 3 stars because other services were good for the price, apart from hygiene. 127. Yorum: Our choice of hotel for vacation both last year and this year was Atlas Beach Hotel... This year, they renovated the lobby and dining room; It got a lot better... I wonder what the reviewers are looking for in food, satisfaction and cleanliness and why they don't like this place... Kudos to the kitchen department for making such delicious food like an open buffet… All employees are friendly and strive for customer satisfaction... Yes, the hotel has no parking and is close to the market, but that's not a big problem… Unfortunately the sea is very rough but what can the hotel do about it? year was the elevator and the smell of food... The hotel management has a solution for both found… The hotel is solution oriented, customer satisfaction oriented... I congratulate the hotel management... For customer satisfaction, pool animations can be increased, a breakwater can be built to cut the waves, ice cream day can be increased to two days a week, humble suggestions... 128. Yorum: The hotel staff are very kind and do their best to help. The rooms are suitable and useful for families with children. The food is enough. The performance of Mehmet Bey from Adana, who works in the animation team, is worth watching. Also, my brother Mehmet, who works in the cafe next to the mixed hotel, is like a bee, masha'Allah. However, the hotel parking issue needs to be resolved as soon as possible. Because the people who live in the houses on the neighboring streets always want us to move our car, saying it's our place... 129. Yorum: We have been coming consistently for the past 3 years. It's 4 stars, but we can say 4.5. Employees love to do their jobs. Especially my brothers Mehmet and Muhammet from the animation department worked hard for us in the men's category. The employees, from the pancake to the waiter, are attentive. Some rooms need renovation, there may be minor deficiencies. There are different events every day, in the evening, especially for children. Red meat should be placed on the grill side of the dining area. Thanks to the Atlas family. 130. Yorum: Many thanks to Atlas Beach Hotel. We came on the recommendation of an acquaintance, believe me, we were very pleased. The service, attention and everything was very good. The food, cleanliness and order were very good. The best thing was that they gave importance to privacy. I would like to thank all my colleagues. I would also like to thank the Director of Public Relations, Ms. Melodine, Mehmet Muhammed and our friend Erdem from the animation team for their interest and kindness. 131. Yorum: This is the second time we come to this hotel, the first time we came with 5 families and now we have 3 families, as always, the food, staff and service are very good, the rooms are clean, we want to thank the PR lady Melody who she took care of us like a friend, we will definitely come back. 132. Yorum: Worst experience of my life, dirty, gave half the guests food poisoning and couldn't care less! The room absolutely smelled of sewage and was covered in mold. Please, please avoid! The overall logic of the hotel is entirely based on money. A hotel run by a husband and wife who have no approach to people... The hotel's assistant general manager might approach you in front of your kids and say, "I'm the manager of this place." There is no institutionalism in the hotel anyway. Even 1 is too much for this hotel... The sea is very rocky and the edges are sharp, there is a risk of injury. Its cast consists of unmistakable young girls and boys. The children's pool has been closed for two days for hygiene reasons. Definitely not recommended. Too bad, waste of money. 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 The hotel has nothing to do with Halal. There are 2 lifts, each with a capacity of 4 people, always full. If you're lucky you can walk up and down from the 3rd floor like I did. If you're not lucky you can walk from the 6th floor with a stroller and you can wait each time until you get a free lift. The sea is very rocky with sharp edges and a risk of injury. Staff consists of young girls and boys without any expectations. Children's pool has been closed for two days due to hygiene reasons. Simply not recommendable. Very bad, a waste of money. 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 I stayed at the hotel for 5 days, I definitely do not recommend it, our room was not cleaned at all when we complained, they said they would come to clean it, but the towels were changed again and on the left the floors, toilets and bathrooms were still terrible linens were not changed, our room was not even vacuumed. The food was very bad. There was little variety and it was not at all tasty. Especially the grills were disgusting. The outside was burnt and the inside was raw. The sea was a disaster. The beach and the sea were very dirty in the sea and our feet were hurting. The sea water was also very cloudy. Also, the area reserved for the hotel was quite small. Trying to swim, clients from neighboring hotels were walking among us. In addition, Islamic rules never apply in the hotel. It is against Islam for women to be in semi-covered swimsuits next to men, but this hotel approved and allowed it as if it were the case. The door to the balcony of our room wouldn't close We couldn't sleep because we listened to the sounds of trucks and cars passing by on the street until the morning, as if we were on vacation to rest. They also offered us a room called the family room. It was composed of two small rooms connected by a small space, I expected there would be a closet on both sides, but there was no closet or mirror on the parents' side, although I stayed on the 5th floor, I went up and down in ​​constantly stairs as the elevators were very inadequate and very stuffy I heard someone spend the night in the emergency room. There were also people throwing up at the pool and I ended up spending my last night in the emergency room because I couldn't stop feeling sick and throwing up for 5 days since we got back from the hotel and we as a family are still sick. I ABSOLUTELY DO NOT RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE. DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL. IF YOU WANT YOUR MONEY TO BE RIDICULOUS, IF YOU WANT TO GET SICK AND ACHE FOR DAYS, GO. IT IS A HORRIBLE HOTEL. Definitely a hotel not worth the money paid. The food is very bad, especially the meat is burnt on the outside and raw on the inside, you can never chew it. Also, hygiene is lacking, Arabs dip their hands into the food, all their shawls and arms go into the food, it's disgusting. The dining area is very ugly, like a wedding hall. We had the honor to take the elevator only 3 times, the elevators are constantly broken and there is a queue in front of them, everyone has to go up the stairs 3-4 times. He gets on the floor. It's a shame for the money and time spent. 133. Yorum: I was very satisfied with the Atlas Beach Hotel, I spoke with Ms. Melody, who listened to the humble people, listened to us, asked us if there was anything missing, we are happy to swim in the pool, we are satisfied with the fly. shelter, I am very satisfied with our meals, your breakfast presentations, our workers were very knowledgeable and patient, they never made a sound about what was broken or spilled, I was very satisfied with this satisfaction, I would like to emphasize that I was very pleased with the women, I have my eyes on the back. I can trust your daughter and after talking with us I will recommend you to everyone. 134. Yorum: This hotel is mainly aimed at Turks as a local getaway. Nobody can speak English. The workers seem to act as if they are in prison. Food is ok but no snacks or ice cream. The rooms and the hotel smell of dampness. The pools and beach are nice, but lack regular cleaning. It's a shame because the hotel has the potential to be great. I think all foreigners should spend a little more and get something better. Fortunately, we have a good deal, so it definitely matches the price with the performance. Update: I avoid my vomiting sick children at all costs. 135. Yorum: I stayed 3 days at Hotel Atlas, everything was perfect, clean pools, wonderful sea, friendly food, wonderful food, our conversation with Ms. Melodine was nice, I recommend it to everyone. 136. Yorum: The variety of food was very good and delicious, the reception and attention of the hotel was top notch, we especially liked Ms. Melody's attention to every line, her smiling face and her wonderful conversation. We might have a reason to pick her next year. There was a serious lack of cleanliness in the room. Even though I said it a few times, it was sloppy. Everything else is fine, thank you all for your hard work. 137. Comment: The hotel met our expectations. The staff was friendly and helpful in everything. As a native of Adana, I would like to thank Ms. Melodi very much 🥰 The food was very delicious. As an Islamic hotel, we would be even more pleased if they did not choose the boycott products. 138. Yorum: Thank you very much for the services offered at the hotel. I had a very nice vacation thanks to you. We were particularly pleased with the care and service provided by Leyla, Julian, Sultan, Semyon, Kübra and other staff whose names I cannot mention. Thank you. 🥰 Leyla's energy was very nice, the variety and taste of the food was great, all the employees greeted us with smiles, the attention of the security guards was very nice, the energy of the employees and their interest in the guests was very nice, I thought we had had a nice and happy vacation when we returned to our hometown. 139. Yorum: It is now my second day at the hotel. Most of the hotel's guests are foreign customers. The food is below average The rooms are ok. Cleanliness is pleasant. The staff is friendly and can find solutions instantly. The service provided by the staff is good. The pools are separated into mixed and women's pools. The mixed pool is ok. It is not deep. Suitable for children. The sea is rocky and wavy. No one can go to the sea. Overall, it's a place that can do well for its money, except for the food, but the food is definitely very bad. From the dessert to the main course, appetizers and fruits, everything is very bad. 140. Yorum: As someone who has stayed in 5 star hotels before, Atlas Beach is a very good, neat and high quality hotel. It is a spacious, clean and comfortable hotel where you can come with your family. The food is good, the beach is by the sea, there are lots of activities and the staff is friendly. The price is very affordable, I am still at the hotel. Hopefully, if I get the chance, I'll make a reservation next year. 141. Comment: The food was very good. Helpful staff and good entertainment team! Every day was occupied with Mehmet and Mohamed's activities, between darts, dancing and pool football. A good family atmosphere. However, almost no one speaks English and there is very little or no information about hotel services. In addition, there was a lot of noise which made it difficult to sleep because you could hear everything that happened in the corridor. 142. Yorum: I stayed for two nights and received very adequate and good service for a 4-star hotel. I didn't experience anything negative, the rooms, food and service were good. 143. Yorum: The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms and food were very nice. I chose it together with my family and we were very satisfied. In general, everything was fine, only the temperature of the pool was too high and I could not swim in it at lunch. The sea is very beautiful but wavy and not calm. A few things could be improved, but it's still nice and affordable. 144. Yorum: The rooms are big like 1+1, I was there for 2 people and 1 child, they are very comfortable and clean. The staff is genuinely friendly and smiling. The food was very good, but our people really attacked us as if they were starving, yet the cleaning was done very quickly and order was maintained. The sea was a little rough but the pool was clean In Islamic terms, the staff do their best to provide the necessary service, but when our people hear the word "all inclusive", they lose their faith and religion. 145. Yorum: Leyla's music selection and energy are great, I can come here again My dear Leyla, thank you very much for your interest, concern and smiling face, the lifeguard working in the relevant women's area. She really taught me to swim with great patience 😍 thank you very much for her patience and interest 🍀🌼 I would like to thank sister Cemile, who works in the canteen, for her smiling face. It was one of the few smiling faces I've ever seen. I had a problem with 3 staff in the canteen but Mr. Yusuf got involved, solved the problem and made me happy. I respect him for not leaving my complaint unanswered and for taking care of his guests. I believe that the shortcomings of the rooms will be fixed and corrected due to the fact that they coincide with the start of the season, and my ideas about being a visitor again may change. The desserts were incredibly delicious. I really liked the tiramisu 😍 I spent a nice quiet time with my friend. I would like to thank everyone who provided and contributed to this environment. 146. Yorum: Not for Europeans. I stayed for 8 days and the rooms were not cleaned! Not even after asking (the clean button did nothing)! The rooms are super small. The walls are noisy. We have a dirty and torn travel cot for my little one. No animation during the day. In the evening there were performances for young and old. You were given towels once a day. The pools were never cleaned and always had rocks. There were panes of glass on the edge of the pool, which my husband removed by hand. The food was ok but not to our taste. It is central in Konakli town. The beach is not clean either. 2-3 employees were friendly but everyone else seemed unhappy and unfriendly. It is certainly also due to the lack of personnel. We will definitely not come again! 147. Yorum: I'm at the hotel now we're coming here with my family. The staff is very attentive at the pool Public relations, Ms. Melody is a very sweet, friendly, problem-solving sister, Ms. Funda is so friendly, we all enjoyed it, thank you very much for everything. We were saddened to see boycott products in such an Islamic hotel. If you fix this, it would be great for you. Apart from that, the food etc. it is very good, thank you. 148. Yorum: I received 5-star hotel services in a 4-star hotel. The food was diverse and almost all delicious. The waiters Cemile, Melike and all the waiters who worked in the dining room and the waiters on the beach were all very attentive and friendly. I would like to thank the entire animation team, especially Mr. Mehmet Yetkin and İrfan from the animation team, who kept us entertained and happy whether on the beach or at the hotel. 149. Yorum: I stayed for 6 days and was very satisfied, except that more attention should be paid to the cleanliness of the room. we always want to see them here. I met Melody Hanım, the lady listens to all suggestions and I hope we can see her again in the year of the Ağaoğlu family is definitely Atlas, thank you. 150. Yorum: I came with my family for a two-day vacation, the food was excellent, the attention of the staff was very friendly, we were very satisfied, we had a full time, with its beach, pool, evening entertainment, soft drinks 24 /7, we didn't want to leave the hotel, the only flaw is that the rooms are a bit old, I would like to specify that even if you don't want to enter the room, I would like to add this without skipping it, I had a small discussion with Mrs. Melodi, she is a very sweet and sincere lady, thank you for everything :) 151. Yorum: First of all, I would like to state that I didn't think it was suitable for the hijab concept, the girls in swimsuits entered the mixed pool very easily, the beach section is not sheltered, definitely the bikini ladies from the next hotel were passing by. we have it very easy and there was no one to warn us about it, don't even call it a hotel with hijab, I was particularly stuck on this, the sea is extremely wavy And there is no jetty, what's the point of a vacation if you can't swim in the sea, I would definitely not choose the hotel again. The lifeguards were very comfortable sliding down the slide when it hit a 18-20 year old young man's head The child fell, she could have been traumatized, my daughter could have had worse consequences, when I told this situation to the lifeguard, he took a relaxed break. attitude and didn't even bother, in short the hotel has nothing to do with hijab hotel, no attention is given, no warning is given and the lifeguards are not good at all, the only thing I thank is Ms. Leyla , she does her job properly, well done, congratulations to her 152. Yorum: This is the second time we come to the hotel, everything was better than last year, at least the friends from the reception, security and public relations received us very well and the sea is great, thank you for everything. 153. Yorum: Hello, it's the first time I spent a vacation at the Atlas hotel beach and I spent a perfect and fun vacation with my family! first entry I would like to thank you very professional and nice Served in such a way!💯♥️ 154. Yorum: Don't be fooled by bad reviews. The hotel welcomes you with a smiling face. We were pleased with the rooms. It would be better if they didn't allow children to enter the mixed pool. I would like to thank Mr. Erdem and Mehmet in the snack bar section. They are very good at their job. It may even be preferable to them. The employees are very good. The animation team is also very nice and friendly. I recommend it to those who are going to go, the food is delicious and delicious ☺️ 155. Yorum: The food could have been a little better, but we are thankful that we found enough to fill our stomachs. The cleanliness in the room was good, the waiters working in the restaurant are very good and friendly, especially Cemile, Mine and Nevzat are very successful and. well, we love them very much, we thank them for their service. 156. Yorum: We have been coming to this hotel for 4 years, the service and staff were very nice, but the rooms are not always the same, they are big and spacious, but there are some problems, there are always shows in the evening, it is very fun, it is a family hotel. 157. Yorum: I think some of the comments made about the hotel are wrong. This is the most affordable hotel among Islamic hotels. The shortcomings and additions you describe are included in the 5-star hotel concept. Remember this is a 4 star hotel. For its price, it is a top hotel with service and performance. Yes, parking is a problem, the sea is pebbly, but the food is sufficient and delicious. Their cleanliness is good. Also the staff is very friendly and honest. This shows that the hotel management treats the employees well. Almost most employees do their jobs with love and willingly. Kübra Sağlam, one of the waiters and employees of the restaurant, is very friendly, caring, very polite and loves her work. I would like to thank him very much. I would like to thank Fatma and Melodi from public relations. I would like to thank Simge Observatory very much. Mrs Eylem at the reception is very nice and friendly. And there are many people who work there whose names I forgot, they are all very caring and helpful. I suggest you come to this hotel and see both the price performance and the friendly atmosphere here. 158. Yorum: We stayed at the hotel for 5 days. We liked it very much. It is a unique hotel for conservative families. The staff is kind. 159. Yorum: We got sick on the 3rd day of our 6 day vacation. Diarrhea nausea. Most of the others are sick. The food my wife ate yesterday was spoiled and smelled awful. Our room smells awful. It takes a thousand witnesses to call a restaurant a restaurant. The stuffy, foul smell. We came for the first time and we will not come again. 160. Yorum: There are many aspects to mention that I cannot summarize in one category... First of all: all the employees were friendly and their service was also good. Reception: I booked two rooms for two families. Reception said both rooms are on different floors. When they got to the room, a family had found broken things in the room, and suddenly they found a free room on the same floor, although it was not check-out time. The rooms were relatively clean and, to our surprise, relatively large. Room: In our room, the fuse box was basically on the floor (see picture) so the little kids could play with it. The cover was apparently broken in our case so the fuses could be seen and activated. In rooms with two TVs and two air conditioners, there is one remote control for both TVs and one remote control for both air conditioners. I see it for the first time. If you turn on one TV, the other turns on too. Changing schedules works the same way. You can hear almost every door in the room. In fact, some are so loud that we often thought our room door was open. Various splashes and showers from other rooms could be heard throughout the room. Stinks: What can't be... In some hallways (including near the kitchen) your eyes and nose burn. When asked about it, the response was, "It's methanol and it clears the airways." Last year some were poisoned... probably because of the smell... Our toilet smelled like a drain on the third day. Lobby service: In the lobby the tables are not cleaned on time. If guests leave their glasses and bottles, other guests will sit where a table is empty. However, the lobby does not smell and is air-conditioned, which is why many people stay there until midnight. The 6th floor has no air conditioning and it feels like 30 degrees in the hallway. Food: The food was tasty. Unfortunately, some things were unpleasant because they probably went wrong. So be careful! About the Trunk: There are iced tea machines (self-service). Almost none of the varieties taste good. It is refilled late and possibly without cleaning, so many varieties often have a strange aftertaste. Often only water came because the guy wasn't refilling. Cola Fanta and Co are tasty (no self-serve). However, they taste slightly different. The hotel may be trying to save money. Pool: Pools are not on the site. Go through a short tunnel to get to it. This means that the pools are practically next to the sea. There is a pool for everyone (man/woman/child, what's halal about that?) and one for women only, which is not visible. There is a snack bar by the pool (12 p. m. - 4 p. m.). Then again, on the beach, is it ensured that a woman who is not wearing Islamic clothes should leave the beach at the hotel? Security: On the first day, my shirt was torn because a corner of the wall broke (see photo) and I accidentally bumped into it. The place is right at the elevator entrance, so we had to be careful every time. There was a high risk of injury to small children, but no one cared. Internet: WiFi is available but difficult to use. Bandwidth and network is probably not good enough to provide internet in all rooms. Beach: Now to the beach. Full of stones. If you are a few meters into the water, there will be fewer rocks. I hurt myself on the rocks. Unfortunately, the sea is not clean either. Attraction: In the evening there is something to see on stage. But not on Sunday. The scene is close to the pools. First, there's something for kids, for which kids are allowed on stage. After this show, some days there is a show for older viewers, like a magic show. Sports: Is there a table tennis table that cannot be used after 5pm?! I didn't see anyone singing because the record was folded 161. Yorum: It is an epidemic in Alanya If you come, you risk getting sick, nausea, diarrhea, weakness, you will spend 1-2 days. Other than that, I think the hotel is very nice. The food is delicious and diverse, the pool is hot but swimmable, the beach is actually partly sandy compared to Antalya beaches, so if you like waves and salt, you can swim, and there are sweet shows in the evening, this is the case. 162. Comment: The hotel is generally good. I received all the services expected from a 4-star hotel. The food is very varied and he took care of us. 163. Yorum: I came to the hotel again and its new condition is very good. The new hotel staff made us very happy, especially Cemile and Mine. They welcomed us very well, our new friend Zeynep makes very good tea. Other staff Ali, Kübra, Halil Ramazan, Hicran, Ömer, Nevzat are all very nice. 164. Yorum: First of all, even though I made an advance reservation, they promised me a room with a sea view and gave me a smelly room close to the garbage containers where the air conditioner motors were installed They told me they would make changes and they will fix it in a day or two but they didn't and there was no wifi connection in the room When I called the front desk and told them they said they would take care of it but they didn't -o at the end of the 3 days. They shared the internet but the internet didn't work anyway and the pools were very dirty. I was there with two families, and some members of both families had infectious diseases. The animation team were not around during the day, the lifts were always inadequate, and there was no parking unless you were a foreign tourist or expat. They don't even look at local tourists, don't go to this 165 hotel. Yorum: We have been choosing it for the holidays for two years. It's a very nice and decent hotel. There are some minor issues, but if you want to have a nice and quiet vacation with your family, I recommend it. The room size is quite nice and the rooms are clean. Since there are many pebbles and rocks in the sea, I generally preferred the pool. The ladies pool is quite sheltered and a nice size. The beach gets very dark in the evening, maybe with a little lighting we can create an environment to hang out at night. All hotel staff, dining room, information desk, pool and bar staff were very helpful, thank you all. Leyla and Zeynep from the ladies' pool were very attentive, I liked them both very much :) The security guards at the door, sister Fatma, I would like to thank each of them. It was a nice vacation for us ☺️ 166. Yorum: I would like to state that we were very pleased with the love and care of the animation team, especially Mrs. Sultan. We were not satisfied with the strong smell at the entrance of the restaurant. There is a rule in the women's section that creates pollution due to not wearing a bathing suit, but there is a problem in practice and it needs to be inspected more often. 167. Yorum: We want to thank all our staff, we came as 3 families and we were very satisfied. Today is our last day, rooms, food, staff, activities. Everyone is friendly from the hotel security to the manager. It is a complete family hotel. 168. Yorum: It is a wonderful hotel, the rooms are very clean, beautiful and spacious, Islamically furnished and suitable, the open buffet is very clean, hygienic and comprehensive, there are separate entertainment for children and the swimming pool was great a great privilege. It is truly a wonderful place for a holiday. Also thanks to Melodi Hanım and staff.