1. Comment: Parking problem 2. Yorum: The Green Park Hotel After making the reservation, I went directly to the hotel (from a distance), we were greeted with a message: "You did not specify that you are a child, we have to charge an additional fee." When I said that something like that wasn't possible and if you have the audio recordings, listen to them, they said that maybe you didn't state the ages of the children. The problems with check-in are indicative of the quality of the hotel, we will never stay at it again. 3. Yorum: The ladies at the reception of this hotel that I always use and stay 2 or 3 times a month are not responsible ladies, I don't know the owner of the hotel, their atmosphere and behavior can't be that disrespectful to me, not understanding the situation, not listening, not looking me in the face when a disrespectful argument occurs, instead of coming up with a solution, they act like stay or don't stay etc. I'm not giving up peace, go and buy it from Boking. The hotel owner doesn't have that much ego, but the lack of respect for customers isn't that great either. As a hotelier and tourism professional, such people need to undergo training, but it is very difficult. I made a reservation and asked for a DBL room because I was tired and nervous. As usual I had a reservation and even though I said I would stay with my wife, they said the reservation was for 1 person, so always. stay with my wife. Even though I said I did it for 2 people, my friend treated me disrespectfully, like I was lying and was going to stay with two people when I had a problem with one person. He drove me crazy and his approach saying "I am the most responsible person in the hotel" and saying "I have no vacancies and the stay" is like playing mafia in Ankara 👏👏👏👏 4. Yorum: I have been staying at your hotel for 3 days. I am very pleased with Suzan, the cleaning lady at your hotel, whose name I found out by asking her. It helps us start the day positively. Thank you for your efforts. He deserves huge applause with his smiling face, love and respect for his work. Thank you very much for providing us with a more comfortable working and living environment than at home. But I wish your kitchen was as complete as Suzan's dedication. You have a meal plan that requires a lot of repetition, especially in the main course. It is extremely strange that you cannot drink tea upstairs, especially during dessert after a meal. I have stayed in many 5 star hotels with the open buffet concept and this is the first time I have encountered such a practice. Besides, for the first time I saw an architectural work as illogical as the lack of a door between the toilet and the bathroom in the rooms. Even though we feel embarrassed by the noise that can occur when using the toilet, even with family, thinking about such a plan seemed pointless. Despite some negatives, thank you for your effort. Thank you to all the staff. Especially Mrs. Suzan 5. Yorum: The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and their communication is good. Their meals, salads and appetizers were good, but the desserts were a bit average. Some days meals become repetitive. The pool, Turkish bath, steam bath and Finnish bath are clean and quiet, but why is there no dressing room in the men's section or hangers in the showers and toilets? There are only lockers with code locks. The location is quite good, it is a central place, close to shopping center, cafes, metro etc. very close. There is no problem with parking. Is this preferred? It is done. Would I go again? I will go. In addition, Mrs. HK Emine, who worked on the 3rd floor, she loved her job and was a friendly person. He was happy when we asked him to clean the room. :) Thank you for your hard work. All in all, 5 stars for both the hotel and Sister Emine... 6. Yorum: There was a hair in the food. The cleaning service was 0. Even though we called and told them, they came and saw but offered neither an apology nor compensation! Besides, this isn't my first time here! Disgrace!! 7. Yorum: During my business trip, I prefer Greenpark Hotel in Ankara region. The location is very close to the central shopping center and the city's vibrant neighborhoods. Once you enter the hotel, authorized friends provide valet parking service for your car, the friends working in the lobby are very attentive and solution-oriented. The rooms are large, comfortable and very clean, hygiene is highly valued. The breakfast is really plentiful, everything you could want is available, especially hot sausage and eggs on request, and coffee is available after breakfast. The spa section, swimming pool, fitness and massages are really excellent. The restaurant is open 24 hours a day and room service is available. I would like to especially thank Mrs. Meltem Erdem, she is a partner in solving all your problems. On 30/07/2024 I stayed for 1 day, checked out and forgot my personal belongings in the room. I called immediately and the cargo was delivered the next day. Trust is very important to me. I received this service from Mrs. Meltem. She personally handled the case from start to finish. Thank you to all the hotel staff. You can choose without any problem. 8. Yorum: There are no napkins in the rooms except toilet paper. Dental kits are available upon request at reception. The quality of breakfast foods is very low and tasteless. I opened the package to use the comb as a bonus. Here's the result. The comb has bristles inside. I think they put a comb in the room that someone else had used. Only the employees at the bar were very attentive and friendly. In summary, this is not what you expect from a five-star hotel. 9. Yorum: The hotel is situated in a very convenient location. It's great that your stay was so peaceful and relaxing. I definitely recommend it to people who have difficulty making a choice. 10. Yorum: I have stayed in many hotels due to my work, but I have never seen one that does not deserve as many stars as this hotel. As soon as we entered the room, we went to bed, the bed was creaky, it was impossible to sleep until the morning, the towels in the bathroom were old, we went down for breakfast, everything was very average and ordinary breakfasts in four star hotels, let alone five star, are more varied and high quality than this, sullen staff not to mention that it looks like they are holding us at gunpoint, we made a mistake by asking for Turkish coffee after breakfast, anyway we drank the coffee, at the exit of the restaurant there is a waiter with a POS machine, 2 coffees cost 340 TL 🙄 Anyway, no problem, you can't leave without paying, the lady at the counter said the counter, we said, credit card for breakfast We didn't get out, it's normal, report it to the reception. Let's pay on the way out, the lady insists, no, here you have to pay at the restaurant door, in the lounges they switched to waiter mode, serving tea and waiting for payment 😁 moreover, at the last minute, the waiter thought of coming to the hall with a POS device and taking payment, we managed to get rid of the lady in the form of a guard, so in short, I think on her behalf Do not trust it, this is definitely not a hotel where you can stay. 11. Yorum: It is very clean, the room is comfortable and the products used are of high quality. Having a Nespresso machine in your room is a very special situation. Most 5-star hotels do not have a Nespresso machine in the room. Congratulations, that's good business. 12. Yorum: In such chain hotels, people inevitably dream of a place where they feel exceptional in terms of service and attitude, but this was a disappointment from start to finish. The bed was bad, the towels were bad, the bidet in the toilet was left in the hand, it was that bad 😅 We couldn't get into our room without paying for coffee after breakfast, it was short. We experienced a temporary hostage situation. As you know, when we didn’t come to breakfast with a card, luckily an employee who thought he was helpful (!) came to our aid and we were able to go to our room. Apart from anything else, this indifference is inappropriate for companies that have received 5 stars. A manager with high energy and good interpersonal skills should be appointed to manage employees. Hi! I would never recommend this, friends. The stone you throw is not worth the frog you scare away. 13. Yorum: The staff is extremely caring and friendly. The satisfaction survey after logging out is also very nice and quick. Thank you to each and every one of you. I would like to thank you for all your efforts, especially Mrs. Melem Erdem. 14. Yorum: We stayed with our family in a triple room for two nights. The rooms and interior of the hotel are spotlessly clean. When you need them, they come and deliver in a very short time. Breakfast was also very plentiful. In short, we are very satisfied and recommend it. 15. Yorum: This is the dirtiest and smelliest hotel I've ever seen! I don't understand how a hotel can look very good from the outside but be so bad once you step inside. I was assigned a room on the 16th floor. floor, but… 16. Yorum: As someone who travels frequently for business and has stayed in many hotel groups around the world, both well-known ones like Marriott, Sheraton, Hilton and boutique hotels, I can confidently say that this is definitely… 17. Yorum: I stayed in room 1401. The view of the room was beautiful. The staff is helpful and friendly. A hotel that deserves 5 stars. There was an open buffet breakfast but I couldn't eat it due to my visa appointment but I'm sure it was good quality. When you leave in the morning, you can see how professional the hostess is when she says, “Good morning,” and says, “We would love to have you back.” I met Boss Adil Ustundag during my studies. A team that does its job really well. Brave 18. Yorum: Hello, we stayed at your hotel in room 703 for a Ministry of Education seminar. Today is our last day. I would like to express my gratitude for your interest and concern. A big thank you especially to Mr. Halil, the officer on our floor, for his meticulous and courteous approach.... 19. Yorum: It's a spacious room with a lot of variety in lighting. The cleaning is very good. I would also like to thank the room service, valet parking and front desk staff. This hotel will be my first choice for accommodation next week. 20. Yorum: Every day, without exception, the cleaning lady throws slippers, napkins, GARBAGE BAGS, you read that right, GARBAGE BAGS, out of the windows of the rooms. Even though I called 3-4 times, nothing was done. The staff betrays the quality of the hotel. 21. Yorum: The hotel is really very clean and extremely luxurious, it's a beautiful place, the location is easy, the variety of food services is very good, the staff is friendly and we liked everything. 22. Yorum: We checked into the hotel in the evening. Since we came from far away, we asked for a nearby restaurant. We trusted them because they said we could eat it at our hotel and it was very tasty. We were treated to food and drinks that would never be appropriate for a five-star hotel. I had to eat the worst chicken Caesar salad I have ever eaten in my life, so much so that I couldn't finish it. My wife and I left full and hungry. I exceeded the amount we paid. I would like us to be satisfied and paid. Pity. Don't do this to citizens. We are all children of this country. I hated it too much. They finish beautiful objects like this. 23. Yorum: I would like to thank and congratulate Mr. Sefa, who runs the SPA and Fitness business. Cleanliness is very important in places such as swimming pools, Turkish baths or fitness centers and businesses approach this issue very carefully. They offer logical and quick solutions to requests. A clean, quiet facility worth staying at. You can do sports with your family or alone and enjoy swimming in the spacious pool with a high ceiling (the water level is constantly checked). Everyone who worked there was very friendly and provided a family atmosphere. Congratulations to the hotel on this facility. I wish you continued success. 24. Yorum: The sinks in the rooms smelled bad. Even though we had an all-inclusive deal (which included tea in the lobby), the server stubbornly charged us the bill. Although we were told tea was included in the price, it was only on the first day. Even if they correct it later, there are inconsistencies between them. However, some officials were selfless and their rights should not be violated. Many team members suffered from stomach upsets, so the hotel increased its profits as guest numbers dropped. Not to mention they charge so much and charge a pool fee. 25. Yorum: The hotel is very good in terms of location, the rooms are clean, the staff is polite, it is a hotel that deserves five stars to the end. It is very good in terms of price and performance. This will be my only address when I visit Ankara. I would also like to thank Meltem for her concern and interest. 26. Yorum: I have not considered staying at any other hotel in Ankara. This is a very successful business in terms of cleanliness, staff, amenities and location. It is very sensitive to ask for thoughts and suggestions from customer service the day after your stay. Thank you Team 27. Yorum: I was pleased with the first visit, but the second visit was a fiasco. The room was cleaned, the windows were awful, the third bed brought into the room was awful. The bed cannot be called a bed, the receptionist was rude. room overlooked hospital, couldn't sleep because of noise, would i ever stay again? 28. Yorum: The location is good, but the only problem is that the hotel has too many Russian tourists with cars (!). You know what that means (dirty things happen). I don't know how the hotel allows this. Every night I stay at the hotel, I wake up to the sound of moaning. I informed them by email, I hope they will take it into consideration. As for the rooms, the rooms are not as comfortable as the Sheraton. What if I need to book again? Maybe 29. Yorum: Even though I paid for the bed and breakfast at the gate, the officer at the entrance for breakfast charged me again, saying that breakfast was not included in the price. When I explained the situation to Mr. Samet, the front desk manager, he said, “A mistake has been made, but we cannot refund the money. If you contact me about your next stay, I will give you a discount." After this situation, I don't think I will stay again. 30. Yorum: This is one of the hotels I consistently use when traveling for business. The cleanliness and size of the rooms are very good. I think the location is very central and clean. I recommend… 31. Yorum: This was a hotel experience I had with a group. The food was great. The staff was very friendly. I would like to thank Mrs. Elif and all the staff who helped us especially during dinner. 32. Yorum: I had a nice 5 days. Although the hotel management intervened on site in the situation that occurred on the last day. Once again, I realized how important it is to entrust this work to experts. There is no smell as mentioned in the comments. I used the Covered Parking, the entrance is a convenient place, easy to park. I would like to especially thank the cleaning staff, Mrs Cennet. 33. Yorum: The hotel has a convenient location. There is a car park. Excellent transport connections. Nearby there are restaurants, shopping centers and a park. Overall the hotel is not bad. But it is clear that the rooms are used. The upholstered furniture is all stained, the towels have already lost their whiteness, the leg of the chair looks like it fell off at some point and was glued crookedly. Generally the rooms require renovation. In addition, I would like to note that it is not very suitable for a family vacation, because... the toilet and bathroom are not separated by a door. Only glass. It is not transparent, but it is still comfortable. Additionally, the room has a glazing from the shower cabin. It is covered with blinds, but this also does not create a sense of privacy. Room service is not bad. Everything was delivered to us very quickly. Clothes, water, etc. The air conditioning in the room did not work and it was very hot. The rooms do not face the sun. Ours was on the 14th floor. Like a steam bath. An open window closes under the influence of gusts of wind. The swimming pool is subject to a fee. Entry 150 lire + 100 lire for the hat. The breakfast was good. A rich variety of cheeses, meats, and pastries. The breakfast is definitely worth the price. I recommend it. Generally the staff are friendly and good-natured. 34. Yorum: The location is nice. Ankara city center, staff is friendly, rooms are big and the open buffet is 10 out of 10, it was very tasty. I used the semi-Olympic pool, it was clean and quiet, thank you for everything, all the staff was decent and friendly, I felt like I was at home. 35. Yorum: I stayed at the Merter Green Park Hotel many years ago and left very pleased. Today I had the opportunity to stay at the Ankara Green Park Hotel. Many of the issues at Ankara Green Park were thought through down to the smallest detail, and the staff were willing and solution-oriented. Thank you very much for your interest in 36. Yorum: The rooms are clean and daily cleaning is adequate. Preferred for business trips. A good location makes it attractive. Like our other featured hotels that charge minibar prices, this place is also looking to profit from its minibar. 37. Yorum: The hotel was very good. The staff at the front desk and reception were friendly. The rooms were clean. The location is also good. The food was very nice and tasty. The piano recital I attended was very nice and relaxing. 38. Yorum: It is definitely not recommended. This hotel is not worth the money you pay. I have seen many times on the internet how the owner already treats his employees. This is never a place you go with your family. 39. Yorum: Worst 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in. Let me start by saying that boutique hotels are second to none. (My goal is not to disparage boutique hotels, I love them, but your expectations will be low in a boutique hotel) Yes, let's go to the hotel... We told the guy at the reception that we preferred a smoking room. Because he added ETS to the reservation note. Ultimately, information about the reservation goes to the hotel. The person at the reception desk in a funny tone stated that he was scamming people to sell ETS. Anyway we got to our room and there was a weird smell but since we stayed for 2 days we always had the windows open. Let's go for breakfast... There was a war in the breakfast room. The reason for war is so you can eat anything you catch. If you get off between 9 and 9:30 you will be hungry because there will be nothing left. All the stands were empty. It took us 15 minutes of waiting for a clean cup to get a cup of tea. As for parking, this is an extremely dangerous closed car park, be careful, at any moment a vehicle could appear on your way back!! Take Google reviews seriously as I chose to stay without reading them all. You do not suit dear Ankara, Green Park. If you do not have a smoking room and space for a terrace, and you cannot count how many customers can come for breakfast, close your hotel. You will never be preferred again. You are pathetic.. 40. Yorum: We went for a massage. We were not satisfied at all. It ended sooner than expected. We did not feel any relief after the massage either. Furthermore, their towels smell very bad. There was no ventilation. My head swollen from the sound of the fan. 41. Yorum: We attended a group meeting, the breakfast was delicious and varied. Our lunch and dinner were open buffet style. The service staff is quick and practical. Our check-in and check-out procedures were completed quickly at the reception. Thank you for everything 42. Yorum: The hotel was very good in terms of location. Nice and decent hotel. I definitely recommend it. You can stay for both business and family purposes. Breakfast is varied enough. The only downside is that it would be better if food and drinks purchased at the hotel were charged to the room. The prices are reasonable, but each time there has been no payment. 43. Yorum: Breakfasts were very varied, the service was very polite. Our check-in and check-out process was quick. 3. We said we needed a bed and they sent it out quickly. We will choose him again when we come to Ankara again. 44. Yorum: I only used the lobby, the lobby and front desk staff were friendly and helpful. Common areas were clean and tidy. There did not appear to be enough toilets and sinks in the lobby. The lobby attendant had nothing to say. 45. Yorum: The cleanliness of the rooms was insufficient, the food was very poor, I must say it was not edible at all. staff were inexperienced and panicked. I don't think I will stay at this hotel again as I stayed there as part of my institutional education, by my own choice. 46. Yorum: I can say that this is the best hotel I have stayed in recently. The rooms are nice, the breakfast is varied, the food is excellent. Most importantly, the staff is friendly. I would also like to thank Mrs. Gizem for recommending us and making our stay possible. 47. Yorum: Great hotel in its class. Rooms - staff - breakfast - location, everything is great. If it's available in the area I go to, I definitely prefer it. Congratulations 48. Yorum: First of all, I would like to express my infinite gratitude to all the Green Park Employees for their smiling faces and sincere attitude, especially Mrs. Meltem, Mrs. Kübranur, Mrs. Eftelya, Mrs. Nuray, Mr. Suat, Mr. İlkay, Mr. Seyithan, Mr. Haydar, Mr. Talha, Mr. Seyit and all those whose names I cannot mention one by one. Thank you very much 49. Yorum: Our stay at the hotel was very nice. The staff is very friendly, thank you Mrs. Elif, our dinner went very well and the food was very tasty. 50. Yorum: I am currently in room 1306. Unfortunately, I am disappointed. The bed is very poor, breakfast is average. Price in terms of performance You can stay elsewhere for the same price for a pool. I have never encountered a situation like this before. 51. Yorum: Our time at Green Park Ankara exceeded our expectations in every way. It offered a truly excellent experience with its central location, modern, simple and comfortable rooms and great service. The friendliness and professionalism of the staff made us feel at home. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in Ankara! 52. Yorum: The hotel was very nice in terms of cleanliness. The attention and care were at the highest level. We were pleased with the service. This will be one of my choices. I recommend. 53. Yorum: We owe our sincere gratitude to the Green Park Ankara family. Their quality of service and commitment to customer satisfaction were truly admirable. We are grateful for the hygiene of the rooms, the taste of the food and, most importantly, the attention they showed during our stay. Our choice today, like yesterday, was Green Park and it looks like it will be the same in the future. greetings 54. Yorum: From now on, my only choice for clean rooms, friendly service and quality accommodation… 55. Yorum: I was there for the one-day opening and panel. I have no idea about the rooms, but the living rooms and dining room were very cramped. The food wasn't top notch, but it was good. 56. Yorum: I couldn't sleep because the rooms were freezing cold, the soundproofing isn't good either, you're listening to the sound of the TV next door. 57. Yorum: Last week I had a 15-day stay. I must say that thanks to the reception staff, Mr. İlkay and Mr. Suat, and Mr. Bünyamin and Mr. Batur in the restaurant, the process was very comfortable. They were very helpful. I would like to thank all the staff for their hospitality. The rooms were spacious, the meals and breakfast were satisfying enough. The only problem was that the internet was good in the bistro and lobby, but I had a lot of problems connecting in the room. Still, I prefer when I come again. 👋🏻 58. Yorum: Everything was great, the location was very central, the spa pool was very nice, the staff was very nice, we were very satisfied. We would definitely like to choose your accommodation again when we come to Ankara. 59. Yorum: First of all, the staff are very polite and friendly. The food is great and it is a spotlessly clean hotel. Even though we were with a large group at the training seminars, we were treated personally and provided with particularly individual solutions, thank you Mrs. Meltem. She was a person with whom I could communicate and get help at any time during my stay. 60. Yorum: The location of the hotel is very good. This is evident in the size of the rooms and the importance they attach to cleanliness. It was a hassle-free stay. Thanks. 61. Yorum: First of all, the hotel smells of damp and garbage. It was also present on the floor where I lived, but there was no such smell in my room. But in the room I stayed in, the shower head was mounted on the ceiling and from there the water leaked into the wall, and that water flowed towards the light fixture. When I looked up, I realized that the ceiling was moldy, which is very dangerous to human health. It may also cause electric shock. Apart from that the room was very clean and I really enjoyed the breakfast, the staff was friendly. 62. Yorum: I am very pleased, I doubt the good intentions of those who leave bad reviews. I recommend the hotel. You can choose. 63. Yorum: The rooms are classic hotel rooms in a green park, the location is great but the breakfast is average f/p 👎🏻 the elevators going to the parking lot smell like sewage, the blonde in the black suit standing at the reception is sometimes very rude and sometimes very nice, I couldn't understand it.. 64. Yorum: The rooms are stylish and beautiful. Having a desk in particular was very useful for me. The daily cleaning was also nice. Most of the room entrance cards were faulty, I renewed my card 5 times and we kept having problems with other friends. I think this problem needs to be solved. Other than that I have had no problems 65. Yorum: The hotel looks okay but we went there on Christmas Eve, we booked two rooms for our kids and us, on the 12th floor there were 4 rooms between two rooms so we asked them to dress our kids up as our loved ones because the smell of sewage in the rooms was at its peak. When the cleaning service came and looked in, there was no problem, but even the cooks were bothered by the smell of sewage, even though they changed rooms, they demanded an additional fee, it's scary to think about it, you will sleep in the sewage, you pay for it, we had to stay in that room with the children, even though there was no hygiene there, they didn't. Without even apologizing, we condemn them for their behavior towards us. The price of a hotel is different when you call from outside than when you go inside, everyone blames each other, it's a total disaster. 66. Yorum: The hotel is located in a nice and quiet area, the only problem is that the toilet door is open. Architecturally it is unusual, different in style, and unsettling. 67. Yorum: Overall, it's a nice hotel. I would also like to thank Mr. Halil, employee 7. floors, for his kindness and service. 68. Yorum: The hotel is very good. I always use and recommend this place during my business trips to Ankara. The breakfast products are very tasty. The staff is very attentive. Mrs. Eftelya and Yasemin at the reception are friendly and very polite. Thank you. 69. Yorum: We stayed for 5 days, even though everything was included in the price, we were charged 35 TL for tea in the lobby, we paid 150 TL for the pool, the food was not good, we only ate it because we were hungry. 70. Yorum: I wonder if I will ever come across this hotel when the air conditioning is working. The toilets are still dirty. The staff is just kind of decent behavior, blessed are they, they are all grandchildren of the Sultan. I am not at all satisfied with organizing my own events. It was even worse as a participant. 71. Yorum: The location of the hotel and its rooms are great, the staff was very polite, the cleanliness of the rooms was also very good, I will not miss the view, it has a great view. 72. Yorum: Disappointing and unacceptable.|Starting with safety. There is none. |Anyone can enter from the street, go through the reception and take the elevator to any floor.|Room. Unbearably hot (29°C). Thermostat set by hotel to… 73. Yorum: Nice hotel, the room was high quality and spacious, the breakfast was very big and varied! We were very pleased 74. Yorum: We stayed for business purposes, the rooms are clean and decent, but I can't say I liked the food very much. The staff is good in terms of service compared to a city hotel and the location is nice. The food issue needs to be reconsidered. 75. Yorum: The rooms are very old. This is not a value for money hotel. High price, low efficiency. The breakfast is very average. 76. Yorum: Hotel with excellent parameters, everything is great. I recommend this hotel to stay in Ankara, with excellent transportation and service. 77. Yorum: I stayed for two nights on July 30, 2024. The cleaning staff, room cleaning, smiling face and attention of the breakfast staff are top notch, I recommend to everyone. 78. Yorum: Warmest regards I would like to thank all the hotel staff, especially Mrs. Gizem for the excellent service at the hotel where I stayed for 3 days... I can say that this is the most beautiful and comfortable hotel in Ankara. 79. Yorum: I stayed one night, the welcome was friendly, the rooms were clean, thank you for everything. 80. Yorum: Overall, it is a clean hotel. I stayed for 2 days for a congress and had no problems. Only the food could be more varied. 81. Yorum: The hotel is very comfortable and the quality of service is also quite good. Offers good comfort accommodation in Ankara... 82. Yorum: I had the opportunity to spend 2 enjoyable and valuable days with the successful team of the organization. I would like to thank everyone who contributed to this. 83. Yorum: The hotel's location, helpfulness and care of the staff were excellent. I recommend you stay at this home hotel, where I stay every time I come to Ankara. 84. Yorum: This is an ideal hotel for those staying in Ankara. Transportation is easy, the rooms are very clean and the staff is honest and friendly. 85. Yorum: From my first experience, it is a very reasonable, high-quality and friendly welcome service, I recommend it, thank you. 86. Yorum: Today, at my wife's request, I used the spa, Turkish bath and sauna. It was very clean and the staff running it were very friendly. My expectations for the massage were indeed higher, but it was still good. It was a quiet weekday and there was no one else in the Turkish bath and sauna except me. It was very clean and the temperature in the sauna was great. I recommend. 87. Yorum: MY THINGS WERE STOLEN, of the things I left in the room, they took the ones they liked, put the rest in a bag and gave them to me, saying "these are out". There aren't any of relatively high financial value, but where did you get those two shirts and the comb? When I expressed my disagreement, the HR manager said what I said was WRONG and literally scolded me. Since I didn't really suffer any loss in terms of calling the police and dealing with it, I just tolerated it. I can't believe something like this happened in a 5 star hotel. 88. Yorum: The view on the top floors is wonderful, much better quality and luxurious than in classic city hotels, I liked it very much 😊 89. Yorum: We came with our 6-month-old baby, the maid Mrs. Cennet helped us a lot, we had no difficulties, she is a very nice and practical lady 🌼 90. Yorum: A very arrogant reception. Even though we paid 35 euros he calculated it was 31. He said it wasn't a card and took the cash. It is a pity that such a beautiful hotel has such a bad situation. A. Wedge 91. Yorum: Rooms are big and clean Food is delicious Meeting facilities are very good Friendly and welcoming staff 92. Yorum: I stayed at Greenpark for 2 days. This is one of the top 3 hotels I have visited in Ankara so far. I am very pleased with the interest. 93. Yorum: When booking at the hotel, it was not stated that there was a fee for using the pool. When we went to the hotel, we asked for a fee, therefore the POOL was not used. It was a sad situation. The lights at the TV and headboard in the room cannot be turned off. You again ask for essentials like toilet paper and water. Breakfast is good. Some employees are generally dissatisfied. The architectural structure and interior design of the hotel are very nice. 94. Yorum: The best in terms of service, cleaning and staff in the region and our capital. I had the opportunity to participate in a training course at the Ministry of Health. I would like to thank Mrs. Melem and her team, the bistro bar, Mrs. Çelen, Mrs. Reyhan and Mr. Barış for their interest and care. thank you for everything 95. Yorum: The hotel where we stayed for the chess tournament was very polite, nice and pleasant, both in terms of the atmosphere and the attention of the staff. 96. Yorum: We only use the spa and as a family we are very pleased. The staff is friendly, we would like to thank the spa manager, Mr. Selçuk. 97. Yorum: I had a very nice, clean and comfortable experience at the hotel, thank you. 98. Yorum: I was there on business and I don't know about the prices, but the room, breakfast and food were okay, nothing special. Thanks. 99. Yorum: We had an extremely pleasant stay. We would like to thank all the staff… 100. Yorum: The hotel's location is perfect, everything is very close, but I deducted one star for the lack of air conditioning in the room, I think air conditioning is required in every room, because they had a winter tariff the room was burning. It would be great if they let us customize it, but overall it was better, we were very happy. 101. Yorum: I would like to thank all employees for their interest and care. I would especially like to thank the hostess Emine for her attention. 102. Yorum: It was a pleasant stay for my family. The rooms were clean. Breakfast was plentiful. We are satisfied 103. Yorum: Everything was very nice, I would especially like to thank the head of customer service. guest relations Meltem for her attention after her stay. 104. Yorum: I think it's unnecessarily expensive. While the maximum price for city hotels with this concept and quality is around USD 100, I was surprised to find that in many parts of Turkey it is above this scale. 105. Yorum: The hotel deserves only 3 stars. The room, bathroom and toilet were very dirty, not cleaned, and the bathroom had a very unpleasant smell. They left used towels in the room, socks from the previous customer were found in the closet, they were sloppy and careless. 106. Yorum: This is a difficult hotel to rate due to its extreme service standards. Overall, I wouldn't rate this any better than a low four-star change into three-star territory at the lowest levels. Our first room was… 107. Yorum: Personally it's very nice, the staff is friendly and the location is very close to the bus station which is also nice. Overall I liked it very much. 108. Yorum: Hello, beautiful management of Green Park and dear friends, I would like to thank each and every one of you, my wife and I had a wonderful 4 days, both the kitchen staff and the housekeeper, in short, my wife and I would like. thank the management and staff of Green Park for their services. 109. Comment: Hotel with a good price. The bathroom smelled like sewerage, no water came out of the sink, staff was helpful, location was good. Interestingly, there are no double beds in the hotel, after all, not everyone needs to sleep in a connected bed. Cleanliness is considered average. 110. Yorum: I stayed one night with my wife last year. The hotel offers wonderfully comfortable rooms and a good breakfast. The location is very nice. 111. Yorum: On March 31, the air conditioning in the rooms did not turn on because it was connected to the central installation, it was very hot, and because the toilet and bathroom in the room did not have external doors, there was a big problem with an unpleasant smell. This is a hotel I will not choose again. 112. Yorum: They reject reservations made through an intermediary company. I went through Agoda and although I had a free booking for my child, I was charged an additional fee of 1000 liras. Even though we arranged the room as a double bed, they made a statement that joining two beds together did not suit us. They put all the blame on the agoda and didn't care about anything. They said there was an extra bed ready in the room, but there was no bed in the room and made me wait for 15 minutes. Don't be fooled by the 5 star rating, this is a company with zero customer satisfaction. 113. Yorum: This is the first time I have encountered a five-star hotel charging an extra fee for a swimming pool. 114. Yorum: We were very pleased, our room was very clean, as was the room service. Many thanks to Mrs. Meltem at the reception 🙏 115. Yorum: Mrs. Meltem, Mrs. Çelen, Beren, Mrs. Fulya, Mr. Samet, thank you very much, Mrs. Nuray upstairs, thank you very much. 116. Yorum: The hotel is very nice and satisfactory in every respect, but the same cannot be said about the staff. When I asked Mr. Gürkan in the lobby if we could drink tea in the lobby for free, he replied that of course we could, I was asking specifically because I am a tea lover. In the afternoon we drank tea, when in the evening I asked for tea again, the waiter asked if I could have payment. I told him that we were customers of the hotel and he again insisted on payment. I told him he could drink it from the lobby for free. Then he went to the lobby and called us there. Then he told us that the first tea was free, the next ones were paid for. All this, the waiter's insistence and coming after us only for one cup of tea. I didn't like it at all. It casts a shadow over you. 117. Yorum: The stars in the hotel do not correspond to the hotel. The rooms are not clean. The curtains smell of cigarettes. The number of staff is sufficient, but they are not polite. Only the cook in the breakfast area provides 5-star service. The breakfast provided on sahur is not suitable for fasting people. We pay the same money. I drank 1 water in the room. They said 100 Turkish liras. It's just that this place is close to everything. Stay away! 118. Yorum: The staff was very friendly but the food choices in the restaurant were limited and the quality of the food was very poor. 119. Yorum: In the morning I had to drive to another town, so I stayed near Otogaru. I requested a non-smoking room, but the walls of the room, especially the bathroom, smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. While washing, water spilled out of the bathroom door. The packaging under the door was not done properly. 120. Yorum: The location of the hotel was very good. The breakfast was very good and varied. |The staff were polite and friendly. ||The only problem was the electricity in the room. The light in the bathroom won't go out. Since no solution could be found, I had to turn off the switch in part of the room. :) 121. Yorum: The food was very nice. Communication with staff was good. They were polite and caring. I had no problems for 5 days. Thank you. 122. Yorum: Don't be fooled by the 5 star rating, the only beauty of the hotel is that it looks terrible from the outside, the staff is never interested, never helpful and if you say it's a very expensive breakfast, it's a total fiasco. It's like a hostel breakfast, not fit for a five star hotel. When entering the breakfast room you need to check the room number. You pay a lot of money, but the quality of service is poor 123. Yorum: This is a hotel where you can sleep soundly. I would especially like to thank Mrs. Meltem for her attention. 124. Yorum: The rooms are comfortable but the main meals are insufficient and tasteless, the dessert and salad options are sufficient and tasty. 125. Yorum: Mrs. Suzan's kindness in the morning makes me forget about all the negative thoughts about the hotel. 126. Yorum: With the support of our valuable team we organized a nice event. We would like to especially thank Mr. Murat and Mrs. Meltem. 127. Yorum: Five star hotel, usually used for social outings but worth the 3 stars. 128. Yorum: Very friendly hotel. The night manager, Mr. Mustafa and the front desk gentleman, Mr. Yunus, were very polite and friendly. 129. Yorum: During my 5-day stay I did not encounter anything negative. The kindness and sincerity of the hotel staff, room cleaning, food and drinks, everything was really nice. Thank you for ensuring customer satisfaction 🙏 130. Yorum: Beautiful hotel in a very nice location, breakfast and service were very nice. 131. Yorum: The hotel is very nice. The location is quite good. The staff is very caring. Thanks 132. Yorum: The cleanliness in the hotel is a disaster. Brown spots appear on towels and face towels, regardless of their origin. While body towels and sheets aren't as useful as hand and face towels, they are gross to use. I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone who cares even a little about cleanliness. 133. Yorum: (I was informed by the hotel about the issues I wrote about, that the issues would be resolved and that I would be more careful. I also received a sweet offer that I could get a discount on my next stay, thank you so much to those who are interested.) The restaurant staff were very sweet and the food and treats were very nice. However, my room never got properly heated, even though the air conditioner was on for hours. I thought the problem was on my end, but I heard the same problem from other guests at the hotel. The sink in my room was clogged. Even though the elevators were rated for 13 people, a group of seven stayed inside for half an hour and one person became ill. The reaction they got was, "That's what will happen if there are so many people on board." I think the hotel does not deserve any stars. I hope the comments help you improve. 134. Yorum: This is the best and cleanest of The Green Park hotels that I have used during my business trips. First of all, I would like to thank Ms. Meltem for her support in all matters. The hotel is located close to all entertainment attractions, cleanliness and breakfast are very good. This is a hotel I can stay at without hesitation. Thank you for everything. 135. Yorum: I can say that it is the best hotel with the best price-quality ratio, the rooms are big and useful but some furniture needs to be replaced due to aging. The staff are professional and polite, the breakfast is very good and has a lot of variety, the pool and spa are excellent, very clean and decent. This is my third stay at this hotel. If I come to Ankara again, I will definitely come back here. The only issue I will stop here is that agencies make the price more affordable than directly with the hotel. It's a pity that there was no convenience for old customers. 136. Yorum: Guys, this hotel is not worth it. It's very old and nasty. Everything is very outdated. It's not dirty, but just... it's seen better days. As for the spa - they charge 150 liras for entry. 150 lira is no problem, but why can't it just be included in the room rate? They can't even charge your room, you have to bring your credit card to the spa. If you are paying your own money - definitely choose another hotel. 137. Yorum: It is a five-star hotel, but there is a strong smell. I have seen more luxurious 3 star hotels 138. Yorum: Thank you very much for the opportunities, interest and nice service you provided. 139. Yorum: Thank you very much for your interest and concern, Mrs. Cennet Uçar, the room cleaner, is a very nice and very kind person. 140. Yorum: The rooms were clean, but there was a very strong and disturbing smell coming from the bathroom. Although the food had few alternatives, it was very tasty. However… 141. Yorum: I stayed at the hotel as a single person in December 2023. I also stayed at the Taksim branch of this hotel chain in Istanbul and made my choice there. Hotels are, of course, comfortable, but they are different from each other. The hotel in Ankara is clean,… 142. Yorum: I was never satisfied. I stayed for 2 days. I'm actually writing this before leaving the hotel. They never allowed smoking in the room, they said it was forbidden, lighter in the room, they didn't send it to me yesterday, the room was... 143. Yorum: The location was beautiful and the lobby was nice, but some of the waiters were incredibly poor. They emptied their plates before people had finished eating. When we cut the cake, they didn't even take it out and half the guests couldn't finish their meal or eat it... 144. Yorum: Latif Doğan's concert, which we attended on the occasion of Realtor's Day, The performance was very nice.… 145. Yorum: Even when I called and made a reservation, I was scolded by a grumpy lady. Besides, we'll see what happens to me if I stay. 146. Yorum: I stayed for 2 nights due to a business trip and I definitely do not recommend it! First of all, when asked why there are no non-smoking rooms, we answer that customers smoke and we cannot prevent it, so we received the answer,… 147. Yorum: I stayed 2 nights for training. Overall I'm happy, only my friends got stuck in the elevator. They waited a long time for rescue. And the elevator broke down frequently. We had to use the stairs to avoid getting trapped again.… 148. Yorum: The service is very good the food is very tasty the rooms are very clean thanks for everything